THE

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS

Wednesday 25th 1660.

Prayers.

THE Parliament being fymmoned to meet at Westminster this present Day; the; Members of the House of Commons repaired, about Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon, to Margaret's Westminster, to hear a Sermon which was preached by Dr. Reignolds: And that being ended, they repaired to the Parliament-House, went in, and lat in their Places» pd-ward Birkenhead Esquire, formerly Segeant at Arms, attending at his Place within the Door of the House.

Whereupon Wtn. Pehrepont Esquire rose up, and put the House in Mind, that their first Work was to choose their Speaker; and that there was a worthy Person of the Ijjpa Kobe in his Eye, whom he conceived well experienced, and every way qualified for that Trust , and by the Leave of the House proposed Sir Harbottle Grimston Bar-ronet, who was fully approved of by a general Call of him to the Chair. '

He standing up in his Place, offered his Excuse in Re-fpgft of the Weakness and Indisposition of his Body and Mind; and there being many others amongst them of the Lpng Robe, more fit and worthy than himself, he 'desired the House to pitch upon ope of them, to ferye them as their Speaker.

But being generally called on by the House; he was by the Lord General Monck, Mr. Holles, and Mr. conduced to and placed in the Chair, the usual Place of the Speaker; where being set, the Mace was called for, and brought in by the Serjeant, and placed on the Table.

Afterwards the House proceeded to the Chpice of their Clerk j and after fbme short time the Serjeant came out of the Hqufe, and called in Mr. JeJfop, who being come to the usual Seat of the Clerk, Mr. Speaker informed him, that the Hoyle had chosen him to be their Clerk: and thereupon a Vote was entered for the same as followeth.

Resolved, on the Question, by the Commons assembled in Parliament, That William JeJfop Esquire be Clerk of the Commons House of Parliament, to attend this House.

Resolved, &c. That James Northfolkf Esquire be Serjeant at Arms, to attend this House.

Resolved, &c. That Ralph Dfimall Esquire be Clerk Assistant of the Commons House of Parliament, to attend this House.

The Clerk of the Crown, attending at the Door, was plied in, and delivered a Rook, containing a Return of

the Members chosen to ferye in this Parliament; according to which the Hoyfe was called; and those Members, which were present, did, upon their Naming, withdraw in-' to the Committee-Chambers and Gallery above; and the whole Book being gone through, the Members returned, and took their Places in the House. , Ci,

Ordered, by the Commons assembled in Parliament, that the Thanks of this House be given to Dr.

for his great Pains in the Sermon this Day preached at Margaret's Westminster before die House; and he is desired to print the fame; and is to have the like Privilege in printing as others in like same have usually had: And Mr. Serjeant Glyn and Mr, Pryn are tp give him Thanks accordingly.

a

The House being acquainted, that Ibme Messengers attended at the Door with a Message from the Lords; they Were called in.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Rich, and Mr. El-tonhead, two of the Mailers of Chancery;

That they were commanded by the Lords, to desire, that this House will concur with them to keep a Faff: oq Monday next, to seek the Lord for a Blessing on these dif-tfadled Nations.

Resolved, upon the Question, by the Commons assembled in Parliament, that this House doth concur with the Lords, that Monday next be set apart for a Day of Fatting and Humiliation, to seek the Lord for a Blessing oq these distracted Nations.

Resolved, &cc. That Mr. Calayyty be desired to prpach and assist in carrying on die Work of Fatting and Humi-. ljation before the House at Margaret's , on

Monday next; and Alderman is desired to give

Jiim Notice thereof.

Resolved, &c. That Dr. Gauden be desired to preach and assist in carrying on the Work of Falling and Humiliation before the House, at Margaret's,

on Monday next; and Mr. Recorder of London is desired to give him Notice thereof.

Resolved, &c. That Mr. Baxter be desired to preach and assist in carrying on the Work of Fatting and Humiliation before the fioufe at Margaret's , on

Monday next; and Mr. Swinfn is desired to give hiin Nopce tjierepf.

Resolved, &e. That no new Business be brought intq pr entertained in the House, after Twelve of the Clock,

A

The House adjourns itself fill Tomorrow

doming, at Eight of the Clock.

z

Journals of the House of Commons. A. i

'Thursday, 26 th Aprils 1660.

Prayers.

Resolved, &cc.

*1 HAT all Members upon double Returns do for-1 , bear to fit, until die Point of die double Return ' be determined; unless they be returned in the feverab' Indentures 1; and that such, who are returned in the several-, Indentures, may fit.

Ordered, That a Committee for Privileges and Elections be appointed, viz.Sir Walter , Sir Tho.

Lord Commissioner //'iddrington, Sir H'm. Waller, Mr* Pryn, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Sir Richard Onslow, Sir Henry Felton, Sir George Booth, Lord Mr. , Sir

Dudley North, General Monck, Doctor Clarges, Mr. John Gray, Mr. Talbott, Mr. John Goodwin, Mr. Holies, Sir thony Ashlcy Cooper, Mr. Turner, Mr. Atkins, Mr.

Cotonel Thd. Hatcher, ~Sir HoLord R/-chardfqn.Sir John Evelyn of Surry, 'M.r.Bulkley, Jjjr John Evelyn of Wilts;Colonel Lloyd, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir

Edward Manfell,- Mr. Recorder of London, Mr. Boderda, Mr. Darcy, Mr. Goodrich, Mr. Peckham, Mr. Stapleton, Mr. Grove, Mr. Hobby, Mr. Gerrard, Sir John Lord Howard, Mr. Rowfe, Mr. Dormer, Mr. Wm. Morgan, Mr. Bamfeild, Serjeant Glyn, Mr. Finch, Alderman Robinson, Lord Buckley, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Thomas Jones, Mr. Hall, Mr. Skipwith, Mr. Rant, Major , Sir

JVm. lVheeler,'M.r. OnJlow, Colonel Morley, Mr.

Mr. Carleton, Mr. Swaile, Mr. Henry Eyres, Mr Sir John Holland, Sir Philip W Sir John Colonel Harley, Sir John Carter, Sir Anthony Irby, Sir Win. Lewis, Sir Norton Knatchbull, Mr. Serjeant den, Major General Browne, Mr. Thurland, Mr. Rob. Browne, Mr. Heale, Colonel Fagg, Mr. Rainsford, Mr. Henry Hungerford, Lord Commissioner Tyrrill, Sir Henry

North, Mr. Allen Brodrick, Colonel Mr. Francis

Bacon, Mr. Danyell, Sir Tho. Willis, Mr. Sir

Wilfrid Lawson, Colonel Knight, Mr. Lord

Angier, Sir Richard Temple, Mr. Cornewallis, Mr. Swin-fin. Colonel Birch, Sir Henry Cholmley, Mr. Ellison, Mr. North, Mr. Gott, Ellis, Mr. Courtop, Colonel Majfy, Mr. Gorges, Mr. Bancks, Mr. Clapham, Serjeant Littleton, Mr. Henley, Mr. Stapleton, Mr. Merrick, Mr. John Stephens, Mr. Meres, Sir Walter Mr.

Earnley, Dr. Mills, Mr. Packer, Sir Charles Wolsley, Mr. Henry Powell, Lord Fairfax, Mr. Arthington, Mr. Bur-lace, Mr. Munfon, Lord Bruce, Sir Henry Telverton, Sir Robert Pye, Mr. Reeves, Mr. Peckham, Sir Thomas Dyke,

Sir John Pelham, Mr. Barnard, Mr. Goring, Mr. Arthur Stanhop, Mr. Weston, Mr. Lucy, Sir Ralph Hare, Sir Edward Deering, Mr. Paston, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Doynley, Lord Bulkley, Mr. Hopkins, Earl Kildare, Mr. Foley,

Sharrard, Mr. Streete, Mr. Serjeant Sir

Christopher Wyvell, Mr. TregonelSir Samuel Luke, Mr. Metcalfe Robmfon, Sir Henry Lee, Mf. Herbert, Mr.

Tong, Mr. Richard Powell, Mr. Crew, Mr. Pym, Mr. How.

Resolved, &c. That no more be named until those already named be read:

The Names were read accordingly.

Resolved, &c. That this Committee have Power to examine and consider all Questions, which shall grow and arise this Parliament, about Elections, Returns, and other Privileges; and to acquaint the House with their Proceedings from time to time; and that all the double Returns be first taken into Consideration, and reported to the House and they are to meet in the Exchequer Chamber this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, and every Tuef-day, Thursday, and Saturday, in the Afternoon; with Power to fend for Persons, Papers, Writings, Records, and what else may conduce to the Business.

Resolved, &c. That all Persons, who will question Elections now returned, do it within Fourteen Days, and so within Fourteen Days after any new Return.

A Bill intituled, An Act against Vagrants, and wandering

idle dissolute Persons, was this Day read the first Time.

Ordered, &c. That this Bill be read the second Time on this Day Fortnight.

Resolved,&c. That this Day Fortnight be set, apart, for a Day of Thanksgiving to die Lord, for railing up his Excellency the Lord General, and other eminent Persons, who have been inftnjmental in Delivery of this Nation from Thraldom and Misery.

Resolved, &c. That this Day Fortnight be set apart for a Day of Thanksgiving, for this House, the Cities of London and Westminster, and" late Lines of Communication; and this Day Month, for the whole Nation.

Resolved, &c. That the Lords Concurrence be desired herein; and that Mr. Herbert be sent up with this Mef-sage to the Lords.

Resolved, &c. That Mr. Price, the Lord General's Chaplain, be desired to preach, and carry on the Work of Thanksgiving before this House at Margaret's West* . minster, on this Day Fortnight, and tjiat Dr. Clarges do give him Notice thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant s Petition be read

the first Business to Morrow Morning.

Mr. Herbert reports, that, according to the Command of this House, he had attended the Lords with their Mef-sage, for Days of Thanksgiving; and that they do fully agree with, this House therein, and in the Days mentioned to be set apart for that Purpose,

Resolved, &c. That his Excellency the Lord General. George Monck have the Recognition, Acknowledgment, and hearty Thanks of this House, for his eminent and unparalleled Services done for these Nations.

Mr. Speaker did accordingly give the Thanks of this House unto his Excellency the Lord General,

standing in his Place, to the Effect following:

That he is commanded by this House to take notice of his eminent Services, his Wisdom being such, ancf God having so blessed him in his great Affairs, that he hath made a Conquest of those who are Enemies and dif-affected to the Government, Happiness, and Welfare of this Church and State, without a bloody Nose; that That hath much advanced the Honour of his Services, having been effected without the Expence of Blood or Treasure, of both which the Nation had been so much exhausted, that nothing but a Necessity could rationally have satisfied any Man to draw out more; that his Lordship hath been our Physician, and hath cured us with his Lenitives; that Statues have been heretofore set up for Persons meriting much of their Country; but his Lordship hath a Statue set up higher, and in another Place, as high as may be, in the Hearts of all Well-wishers to the Good of this Nation, and a Crown of Glory, he doubts not, laid up for him in Heaven 1 that God hath made him instrumental by his helping Hand to keep the Nation from sinking, when no Way was represented to our Understanding, whence Deliverance should arise 1 so that God's railing him up, accompanying, blessing, and assisting him in his Counsels, in such Sort as to accomplish his Work to that Height, cannot be otherwise owned by those that look upon him, and his Actions, than as a Miracle; and therefore, in the Name of die House, ha returns to his Lordship the hearty Thanks of this House; adding, he is sure his Lordship would believe it, if he had not said so.

Resolved, See, That the Thanks of this House be given to Colonel Ingoldfby, for his former and late great and eminent Services done for this Nation.

Mr. Speaker did accordingly give the Thanks of this House to Colonel Richard Ingoldfby to the Effect fob lowing:

That he is commanded by the House to take notice of his former Services, and of his late Action, wherein God hath made him instrumental to do so great and eminent a Service to the Nation, (for which he returns him

dieir

their hearty Thanks) having made him as high in Favour, as he is in his own Merit, for adventuring himself so far in the publick Cause; and that the House's, good Acceptance thereof is the more valuable, being taken notice of on the same Day with the great Services performed for the Nation by his Excellency the Lord General.

Friday, 27th Aprils 1660.

Prayers.

MR. 'Turner reports from the Committee for Privileges and Elections, touching the double Return for the Borough of Plymouth, that Mr. Serjeant Maynard and Mr. Edmund Vowell be returned by the Mayor, Will. Morris and Sam. Trelawny Esquires by the Freemen; and the Opinion.of the Committee, That Serjeant Maynard and Edmund Vowell ought to fit, until the Merits of the Cause touching the said double Return be heard.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that Mr. Serjeant Maynard., and Mr. Edmund Vowell, do fit in the House, until the Merits of the Cause touching the said double Return be heard.

Mr.T//r;rralfo reports from the said Committee, touching the double Return for the Borough of Abingdon in the County of Berks, that the Mayor returned Sir John thall, and the Bailiffs Sir Geo. S; that but one Burgess is to be elected; and the Opinion of the Committee, that Sir John Lcntball is duly returned, and ought to fit in this House, until the Merits of the Cause touching the said double Return be determined.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth ggree with the Committee, that Sir John Lent ball is duly returned, and, do fit in this House, until the Merits of the Cause touching tire laid double Return be determined.

Mr, Turner also reports from the said Committee, upon, the double Return for the Borough of New in

the County of Berks, that Alexander Blake and Roger Palmer Esquires are returned by the Mayor and Burgesses under the Hand of the Mayor and Common Seal, and Richard Winwoad Esquire by the Burgesses, without Common Seal or Hand of the Mayor; and the Opinion of the Committee, that Alexander Blake and Roger Palmer ought to fit in this House, until die Merits of the C§ufe touching the said double Return be determined.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree wkh the Committee, that Alexander Blake and Roger Palmer do fit in this House, until the Merita of thg Cause touching she said double Return be determined.

Mr. Turner also reports from the said Committee, upon the double Return for the Borough of in die

County of Essex, that Henry Mildmay Esquire is returned By the Bailiffs, Aldermen, and Burgesses, and Edward fiarris Esquire by the Burgesses only; and the Opinion of the Committee, that Henry Mildmay Esquire ought to fit in this House, until the Merits of the Cause touching the said double Return be determined.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that Henry Mildmay Esquire do fit in this House, until the Merits of the Cause touching the said double Return be determined.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers foe called in, and gme his Attendance on the Service of this House,

Mr. Turner also reports from the said Committee, touch? ing the double Return for the Borough of Oakebampton in the County of Devon, that Edward Wife and Jofias shady Esquires are returned severally in Two Indentures under the Handand Seal of the Mayor, and: that Robert Reynolds Esquire is returned by die Free Buigefles without the Hand or Seal of die Mayor; and the Opinion] of the Committee, that the said Edward Wife and Jofiaf

Calmady Esquires ought to fit in this House, until the Merits of the Cause touching the said double Return be determined.

Resolved, 8 cc.That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the said Edward Wife and Jofias Calmady Esquires do fit in this House, until the Merits of the Cause touching the said double Return be determined.

Mr. Tnmer also reports from the said Committee, upon the double Return for the Borough of Beere-Alefton in the County of Devon, that George Howard and John Maynard Esquires are returned by the Mayor under the Common Seal, John Maynard and Sir Francis Drake by the Freemen; and the Opinion of the Committee, that Geo. ard and John Maynard Esquires ought to fit in this House, until the Merits of the Cause touching the double Rev turn be determined.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that George Howard and John Maynard Esquires do fit in this House until the Merits of the Cause touch* ing the said double Return be determined.

Mr. Turner also reports from the said Committee, upon the double Return for the Borough of Tavistock in {he County of Devon, that William Russell and George Howard Esquires are returned by the Portreve under the Common Seal, and Wm. Russell and Ellis Crymes Esquires by the Burgesses in the Name of themselves and the Portreve, but without the Hand or Seal of the Portreve; and the Opinion of the Committee, that George Howard Esquire ought to fit in this House until the Merits of the Cause touching the said double Return be determined.

Resolved, Szc...That this House doth agree with the Committee, that George Howard Esquire do fit in this House, until the Merits of the Cause {ouching the said double Return Be determined.

1 r - -

Mr. Turner allfo reports from the said Committee, touching the double Return for the Borough of the Devizes in the County of Wilts, that Wm. Lewis and Robert Aldworth Esquires are returned by the Mayor under

the Common Seal, apd Wm. Lewis and John by the Burgesses only; and the Opinion of the Committee, that Robert Aldworth Esquire ought to fit in this House, until the iMerits of the Cause touching the said double Return be determined.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with thq Committee, that Robert Aldworth Esquire do fit in this House, until the Merits of the Cause touching the said double Return be determined,

Mr. Turner also reports from the said Committe, touching the double Return for the Borough of Saturn in the County of Wilts, that Seimour Bowman and John Norden Esquires are returned by the Bailiffs and

Burgesses, and Algernon Cecill Esquire singly by the Burgesses, without the Bailiffs 5 and the Opinion of the Committee, that Seimour Bowman and John Norden ought to fit in this House, until the Merits of the Cause touch-i ing the said double Return be determined.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that Seimour Bowman and John Norden Esquires do fit in this House, until the Merits of the Cause touching the said double Return be determined.

NixiTurntr also reports, touching the double Return lor the Borough of Great Bedwm in the County of Wilts, that Sir Walter St. John Baronet and Sir Ralph Vemey are returned by the Portreve under Hand and Private Seal, and Rob. Speneer and Thomas Gape Esquires, by another Return, under a Great Seal with G. B. but no Name; and the Opinion of the Committee, that none of the Parties returned do fit in this House, rill the whole Merits of the Cause upon the said double Return be determined.

Resolved, That this House doth agree yrith the Com, tnittee, that none of the Patties returned do fit in thi

House,

6

4 Journals of the House of Commons. A. 1660.

House, till the whole Merits of the Cause upon the said double Return be determined.

The humble Petition of Edward Birkhead Esquire was this Day read.

Ordered, That this Petition be referred to a Committee, to examine the Business upon the whole Merits of the Cause, and what Matters may be objected against the Petitioner i and whether he hath acted any thing, whereby he hath forfeited the Office of Serjeant at Arms attending the Speaker of the House of Commons in the Petition mentioned; and to report it to this House:

Lord Commissioner WiddringtonMajor General Mr. PrySir Anthony Ashley , Mr. , Sir

Henry Cholmley, Major General , Sir George

Sir Wm. Waller, Sir Anthony , Mr. Mr.

Serjeant Hales, Sir John North, Mr. Tong, Mr. Bo-

derda, Lord Howard, Colonel , Sir Thomas Rouse and are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the inward Court of Wards.

Ordered, That Edward Birkhead Esquire do forthwith deliver the Keys of the House, and the Mace belonging to the House, to Serjeant Nor,

Resolved, &c. That the Pardon for divers Prisoners in Newgate be referred to the former Committee, to whom the Petition of Edward Birkhead Esquire is referred, to examine the Crimes of the Prisoners, and report their Opinion to this House, which of them are fit for Pardon; and that Mr. Recorder, and the Members that lerve for the City of London, be added to that Committee.

Ordered, That the great Business, touching the Settlement of these Nations, be taken into Confederation on Tuesday Morning next.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth adjourn itself until Tuesday Morning next Eight of Clock; reserving Power to Committees to fit and aft in the mean time, notwithstanding the said Adjournment: And that the Committee of Privileges do fit Tomorrow Morning at Nine of the Clock, notwithstanding their Adjournment.

Tuesday, May the i\ 1660.

Prayers.

MR. Annejley reports from the Council of State a Letter from the King unopened, directed, " To Our " Trusty and Well-beloved General , to be communicated to the President and Council of State, and to the Officers of the Armies under his Command " being received from the Hands of Sir John

The House being informed, that Sir John , a

Messenger from the King, was at the Door;

Resolved, &c. That Sir John , a Messenger

from the King, be called in.

He was called in accordingly, and being at the Bar, after Obeisance made, said;

Mr. Speaker, I am commanded by the King my Matter to deliver this Letter to You, and his Desires, that You will communicate it to the House. The Letter was directed, "To Our Trusty and Well-beloved the " Speaker of the House of Commons which, after the Messenger was withdrawn, was read to the House by Mr. Speaker.

A Declaration from the King, inclosed within the said Letter, was read by the Clerk, given under the King's. Sign Manual, and Privy Signet at his Court at , the — of April 1660, in the Twelfth Year of his Reign.

The aforesaid Letter from the King, reported from the Council of State, with a Declaration therein inclosed, agreeing verbatim with the Declaration formerly read, was also read.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Rich and Mr. Unhead, Matters of the Chancery j

Mr. Speaker, We are commanded by the Lords to wait on this House with this Message, That the Lords desire a Conference with this House in the Painted Chamber at Eleven of Clock this Day, in order to the Settlement of the great Affairs of the Kingdom.

The Messengers were again called in; and Mr. Speaker gave them this Answer;

Gentlemen, The House hath considered of your Mef-. sage; and they will return Answer by Messengers of their own.

Resolved, &c. nemine contradiThat an Answer

be prepared to his Majesty's Letter, expressing the great and joyful Sense of this House of his gracious Offers, and their humble and hearty Thanks to his Majesty for the same *, and with Professions of their Loyalty and Duty to his Majesty; and that this House will give a speedy Answer to his Majesty's gracious Proposals.

Ordered, That it be referred to a Committee to prepare the said Answer.

Resolved, &c. That the Number of the Committee be Seven.

Ordered, That Mr. Finch, Mr. , Sir Antho. Ashley

Cooper, Lord General, Sir Wm. , Mr. , and

Mr. Holies, be the Committee.

Resolved, &c. nemine contradic, That the Sum of Fifty Thousand Pounds be presented to the King's Majesty from this House.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to draw the Answer to the King's Letter do go to the Lord-Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of , to consider with them how the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds may be raised, what Security they will desire for Repayment thereof with Interest, after the Rate of Six Pounds per Cent, and to offer such Security, as they shall think fit, for Repayment thereof to the Persons who shall advance the fame.

Ordered,.That the Aldermen and Burgesses, who serve for the City of London, do repair to the Lord-Mayor, and desire him, that a Common Council be called Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Resolved, See. That it be referred to the same Committee, that are appointed to go to the Lord-Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, about the Fifty thousand Pounds, to consider with them about a further Sum to be raised and applied for the paying of the Army, and to consider how the Arrears of the Army may be satisfied.

Resolved, &c. nemine contradicente. That the Letters from his Majesty, both that to the House, and that to the Lord General, and his Majesty's Declaration, which came inclosed, be entered at large in the Journal Book of this House.

The said Letters and Declaration are as followeth,

Trusty and Well-beloved, We greet you well. In these great and insupportable Afflictions and Calamities, under which the poor Nation hath been so long exercised, and by which it is so near exhausted, We cannot think of a more natural and proper Remedy, than to resort to those for Counsel and Advice, who have seen and obfer-ved the first Beginning of our Miseries, the Progress from bad to worse, and the Mistakes and Misunderstandings which have produced and contributed to Inconveniencies which were not intended j and after so many Resolutions, and the Observation of what hath attended them, are now trusted by Our good Subjects to repair the Breaches which are made, and to provide proper Remedies for those Evils, and for the lasting Peace, Happiness, and Security of the Kingdom.

We

We do assure you upon Our Royal Word, that none of Our Predecessors have had a greater Esteem of Parliaments, as We have in Our Judgment, as well as from Our Obligation: We do believe them to be so vital a Part of the Constitution of the Kingdom, and so necessary for the Government of it, that We well know, neither Prince nor People can be in any tolerable Degree happy without them: And therefore you may be confident. We shall always look upon their Counfeis, as the belt We can receive; and shall be as tender of their Privileges, and as careful to preserve and protect them, as of that which is most near to Our Self, and most necessary for Our own Preservation. And as this is Our Opinion of Parliaments, that their Authority is most necessary for the Government of the Kingdom; so We are most confident, that you believe and find, that the Preservation of the King's Authority is as necessary for the Preservation of Parliaments; and that it is not the Name, but the right Constitution of them, which can prepare and apply proper Remedies for those Evils, which are grievous to the People, and which can thereby establish their Peace and Security: And therefore we have not the least Doubt, but that you will be as tender in, and as jealous of, any thing, that may infringe Our Honour, or impair Our Authority, as of your own Liberty and Property; which is best preserved, by preserving the other.

How far We have trailed you in this great Affair, and how much it is in your Power to restore the Nation to all that it hath loft, and to redeem it from any Infamy it hath undergone, and to make King and People as happy as they ought to be, you will find by Our inclosed Declaration; a Copy of which We have likewise sent to the House of Peers: And you will easily believe, that We would not voluntarily, and of Our Self, have reposed lb great a Trull in you, but upon an intire Confidence, that you will not abuse it, and that you will proceed in such a Manner, and with such due Consideration of Us, who have trailed you, that We shall not be ashamed of declining other Assistance, (which We have Assurance of) and repairing to you for more natural and proper Remedies for the Evils We would be freed from, nor ferry, that We have bound up Our own Interest so intirely with that of Our Subjects, as that We refer it to the same Persons to take care of Us, who are trailed to provide for them. We look upon you as wife and dispafii-onate Men, and good Patriots, who will raise up those Banks and Fences which have been call down, and who will moll reasonably hope, that the same Prolperity will again spring from those Roots, from which it hath heretofore and always grown. Nor can We apprehend, that you will propose any thing to Us, or expert any thing from Us, but that We are as ready to give, as you to receive.

If you desire the Advancement and Propagation of the Protestant Religion; We have, by Ourconstant Profession and Practice of it, given sufficient Testimony to the World,. that neither the Unkindnels of those of the same Faith towards Us, nor the Civilities and Obligations from those or a contrary Profession, (of both which We have had abundant Evidence) could in the least degree llartle Us, or make Us swerve from it; and nothing can be proposed to manifest Our Zeal and Affection for it, to which We will not readily consent: And We hope in due Time Our Self to propose somewhat to you for the Propagation of it, that will satisfy the World, that We have always made it both Our Care, and Our Study, and have enough observed what is most like to bring Disadvantage to it.

If you desire Security for those who in these calamitous Times either wilfully or weakly have transgressed those Bounds which were prescribed, and have invaded each others Rights; We have left to you to provide for their Security and Indemnity, and in such a Way as you shall think just and reasonable, and, by a just Computation of what Men have done and suffered, as near as is pofii-ble, to take care, that all Men be lausfied; which is the surest Way to suppress and extirpate all such Uncharita-

9

blenels and Animosity, as might hereafter Ihake and threaten that Peace, which for the present might seem established. If there be a crying Sin, for which the Nation may be involved in the Infamy that attends it *, We cannot doubt, but that you will be as felicitous to redeem and vindicate the Nation from that Guilt and Infamy, as We can be.

If you desire, that Reverence and Obedience may be paid to the fundamental Laws of the Land, and that Justice may be equally and impartially administered to all Men it is that which We desire to be sworn to Our Self, and that all Persons in Power and Authority should be so too.

In a Word, there is nothing that you can propose, that may make the Kingdom happy, which We will not contend with you to compals: And upon this Confidence and Assurance, We have thought fit to fend you this Declaration, that you may, as much as is possible at this Distance, fee our Heart -, which, when God shall bring us nearer together, (as We hope he will dolhortly) will appear to you very agreeable to what We have professed: And We hope, that We have made that right Christian Use of Our Affliction, and that the Observation and Experience We have had in other Countries hath been such, as that We, and We hope, all our Subjects, shall be the better for what We have seen and suffered.

We shall add no more, but Our Prayers to Almighty God, that He will so bltfs your Counfeis, and direct your Endeavours, that his Glory and Worship may be provided for and the Peace, Honour, and Happiness of the Nation, may be established upon those Foundations, which can best support it. And so We bid you Farewel.

Given at Our Court at , this -r47th Day of April 1660, in the Twelfth Year of Our Reign.

Superscribed, "To Our Trusty and Well-beloved the Speaker of the House of Commons."

His Majesty s Declaration, came in-

closed in the aforesaid Letter*

ARLES, by the Grace of God, King of,

Scotland, France, and Ireland, Defender of the Faith;

To all Our loving Subjects, of what Degree or Quality soever, Greeting. If the general Distraction and Confusion, which is spread over the whole Kingdom, doth not awaken all Men to a Desire and Longing, that those Wounds, which have so many Years together been kept bleeding, may be bound up; all We can say will be to no Purpose. However, after this long Silence, We have thought it Our Duty to declare, how much We desire to contribute thereunto; and that, as We can never give over the Hope in good time to obtain the Possession of that Right, which God and Nature hath made Our Due, lb We do make it Our daily Suit to the Divine Providence, that He will, in Companion to Us and Our Subjects, after so longMisery and Sufferings, remit and put Us into a quiet and peaceable Possession of that Our Right, with as little Blood and Damage to our People as is possible. Nor do We desire more to enjoy what is Ours, than that all Our Subjects may enjoy what by Law is theirs, by a full and entire Administration of Justice throughout the Land, and by extending Our Mercy where it is wanted, and deserved.

And to the End that the Fear of Punishment may not engage any, conscious to themselves of what is past, to a Perseverance in Guilt for the future, by opposing the Quiet and Happiness of their Country, in the Restauration, both of King, Peers, and People, to their just, an-tient, and fundamental Rights; We do by these Presenta declare, that We do grant a Free and General Pardon, which We are ready, upon Demand, to pals under Our B Great

Great Seal of 'England to all Our Subjects, of what Degree or Quality soever, who, within Forty Days after the publishing hereof, shall lay hold upon this Our Grace and Favour, and shall, by any publick Act, declare their doing so, and that they return to the Loyalty and Obedience of good Subjects; excepting only such Persons as shall hereafter be excepted by Parliament: Those only excepted, let all Our Subjects, how faulty soever, rely upon the Word of a King, solemnly given by this prefen t Declaration, that no Crime whatsoever, committed against Us, or Our Royal Father, before the Publication of this, shall ever rife in Judgment, or be brought in Question, against any of them, to the least Endamagement of them, either in their Lives, Liberties, or Estates, or (as far forth as lies in Our Power) so much as to the Prejudice of their Reputations, by any Reproach or Term of Distinction from the rest of Our best Subjects-, We desiring and ordaining, that henceforward all Notes of Discord, Separation, and Difference of Parties be utterly abolished among all Our Subjects-, whom We invite and conjure to a perfect Union among themselves under our Protection, for the Resettlement of Our just Rights, and theirs, in a free Parliament; by which, upon the Word of a King, We will be advised.

And,* because the Passion and Uncharitablenels of the Times have produced several Opinions in Religion, by which Men are engaged in Parties and Animosities against; each other, which, when they shall hereafter unite in a Freedom of Conversion, will be composed or better understood; We do declare a Liberty to tender Consciences; and that no Man shall be disquieted, or called in Question, for Differences of Opinion in Matter of Religion, which do not disturb the Peace of the Kingdom 5 and that We shall be ready to consent to such an Act of Parliament, as, upon 'mature Deliberation, shall be offered to Us for the full granting that Indulgence.

And because, in the continued Distractions of so many Years and so many and great Resolutions, many Grants and Purchases of Estates have been made to and by many Officers, Soldiers, and others, who are now possessed of the fame, and who may be liable to Actions at Law upon several Titles; We are likewise willing, that all such Differences, and all'Things relating to such Grants, Sales, and Purchases, shall be determined in Parliament, which can best provide for the just Satisfaction of all Men who are concerned.

And We do further declare, that We will be ready to ponfent to any Act or Acts of Parliament to the Purposes aforesaid, and to the full Satisfaction of all Arrears due to the Officers and Soldiers of the Army under the Command of General Monck j and that they shall be received into our Service, upon as good Pay and Conditions, as they now enjoy.

Given under Our SignManual, and Privy Signet, at Our Court at , this Day of April 1660, in the 12th Year of Our Reign.

His Majesty s Letter to General Monck.

'TTRufty and Well-beloved, We greet you well. It cannot be believed but that We have been, are, and ever must be, as felicitous as We can, by all Endeavours, to improve the Affections of Our good Subjects at home, and to procure the Assistance of Our Friends and Allies abroad, for the Recovery of that Right, which, by the Laws of God and Man, is unquestionable, and of which We have been so long dispossessed by such Force, and with those Circumstances, as We do not desire to aggravate by any sharp Expressions, but rather wish, that the Memory of what is past may be buried to the

World. That We have more endeavoured to prepare and to improve the Affections of Our Subjects at Home for Our Restoration, than to procure Assistance from Abroad to invade either of Our Kingdoms, is as manifest to the World: And We cannot give a better Evidence, that We are still of the same Mind, than in this Conjuncture, when common Reason must satisfy all Men, that We cannot be without an Assistance from Abroad: We chose rather to send to You, who have it in your own Power to prevent that Ruin and Desolation which a War would bring upon the Nation, and to make the whole Kingdom owe the Peace, Happiness, Security, and Glory it shall enjoy to your Virtue, and to acknowledge, that your Armies have complied with their Obligations, for which they were first raised, for the Preservation of the Protestant Religion, the Honour and Dignity of the King, the Privileges of Parliament, the Liberty and Property of the Subject, and the fundamental Laws of the Land; and that you have vindicated that Trust, which others most perfidiously abused and betrayed. How much We desire and resolve to contribute to those good Ends, will appear to you by Our inclosed Declaration; which We desire you to cause to be published for the Information and Satisfaction of all good Subjects, who do not desire a further Effusion of precious Christian Blood, but to have their Peace and Security founded upon that which can only support it, a Unity of Affections amongst ourselves, an equal Administration of Justice to all Men, restoring Parliaments to a full Capacity of providing for ail that is amiss, and the Laws of the Land to their due Veneration. You have been yourselves Witnessies of so many Resolutions, and have had so much Experience how far any Power and Authority, that is only assumed by Passion and Appetite, and not liipported by Justice, is from providing for the Peace and Happiness of the People, or from receiving any Obedience from them, without which no Government can provide for them, that you may very reasonably believe, that God hath not been well pleased with the Attempts that have been made, since he hath usually increased the Confiifion, by giving all the Success that hath been desired, and brought that to pass without Effect, which the Designers have proposed as the best Means to settle and compose the Nation: And therefore We cannot but hope and believe, that you will concur with Us in the Remedy We have applied, which, to human Understanding, is only proper for the Ills we all groan under, and that you will make yourselves the blessed Instruments to bring this Blessing of Peace and Reconciliation upon King and People, it being the usual Method in which Divine Providence delighteth itself to use, and sanctify those very Means, which ill Men design for the Satisfaction of private and particular Ends and Ambition and other wicked Purposes, to wholfbme and publick Ends; and to establish that Good, which is most contrary to the Designers; which is the greatest Manifestation of God's peculiar Kindness to a Nation that can be given in this World.

How far We resolve to preserve your Interest, and to reward your Services, We refer to Our Declaration: And We hope, God will inspire you to perform your Duty to Us, and to your native Country, whose Happiness cannot be separated from each other. We have entrusted Our well-beloved Servant Sir,

one of the Gentlemen of Our Bed-Chamber, to deliver This unto You, and to give Us an Account of your Reception of it, and to desire you in Our Name, that it may be published. And so We bid You farewel.

Given at Our Court at , this of April 1660, in the Twelfth Year of Our Reign.

Resolved, &c. nemine contract, That the Letters from his Majesty, both that to this House, and that to the Lord General, with his Majesty's Declaration, which came inclosed, and the Resolve of this House thereupon, be forthwith printed and published.

Ordered,

Ordered, That the Lord General be desired to communicate his Majesty's Letter, directed to himself, to the Officers and Soldiers under his Command; and diat he have the Leave of this House to return to his Majesty an Answer thereunto.

Ordered, That the Original of his Majesty's Letter, directed to the Lord General, be returned back to the Lord General; who is desired, after the same shall be communicated and answered according to the Order of this House, to return it back again to this House, to be preserved and kept among the Records of this House for his Honour.

Resolved, &c. That Sir George Booth do go to the Lords, to let them know, that this House is ready for a Conference with the Lords, as they desired.

Resolved, &c. That Mr. AnnMr. Mr. Turner, Lord Faulkland, Mr. , Serjeant Hales,

Serjeant Browne, be a Committee to manage the Conference to be had with the Lords.

Ordered, That Mr. Pryn, Mr. Holies, Mr.

Serjeant Hales, and Sir Anthony AshleyCooper, or any Three

of them, be appointed weekly to examine the Entries in the Journal; to fee, that they agree with the Votes passed in the House.

The Lord Faulkland, being ele<5led to serve as a Member in this present Parliament for the City of Oxford, and also for the Borough of Arundell in the County of Sussex, declared, that he did make Choice to serve for the City of Oxford, and waved his Election for the Borough of Arundell.

Ordered, That a new Writ be issued for the Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Arundell in the County of Sussex; and that Mr. Speaker do fend his Warrant to the Clerk of the Commonwealth in Chancery, for the issuing of a new Writ for the Efe&ion of a Burgefe to serve for the said Borough of Arundell: And Sir Thomas Widdrington, Thomas fyrrill, and John Fountains, Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal, or any Two of them, are hereby required to lffiie out and pass the same under the Great Seal in their Custody accordingly.

Colonel Norton, being eletted to serve as a Member in this present Parliament for the County of

and also for the Borough of Pdeclares, that he did make Choice to serve for the County of Southampton, and waved his Election for the Borough of Portsmouth.

Ordered, That a new Writ be issued for the Elettion of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Portsmouth; and that Mr. Speaker do fend his Warrant to the Clerk of the Commonwealth in Chan-. eery, for the issuing of a new Writ for the Election of a Burgess to serve for the said Borough of Portsmouth: And Sir Thomas Widdrington, Thomas Tyrrill, and John Fountains, Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal, or any Two of them, are hereby required to issue out and pass the same under the Great Seal in their Custody accordingly.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Rich and Mr. El-tonbead. Two of the Masters of Chancery;

We are commanded by the Lords to wait upon you* and to acquaint you with their Purpose to fit at Three of the Clock this Afternoon; and they-desire that this House will do so to.

Resolved, &c. That- this House doth agree with the Lords, that this House do fit this Afternoon at Three of the Clock.

The Messengers were again called in; and Mr. Speaker gavethetrt- this Answer;

- Gentlemen, The House have considered of your Mef-lage; and they are resolved to fit at Three of the Clock, as is desired.

- The House adjourn! until Three of Clock.

Tuesday^ May ift. 1660. Afternoon,

/~\Rdered, That the Thanks of this House be given to Mr. Calamy, for his great Pains in carrying on the Work of Preaching and Prayer before this House at St. Margaret's Westminster Yesterday, being set apart by this House for a Day of Falling and Humiliation; and that he be desired to print his Sermon; and is to have the same Privileges in printing the fame, that others have had in the like kind; and that Mr. Alderman Robinson do give him Notice hereof.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to Dr. Gauden, for his great Pains in carrying on the Work of Preaching and Prayer before this House at St. Margaret's Westminster Yesterday, being set apart by this House for a Day of Falling and Humiliation; and that he be desired to print his Sermon; and is to have the same Privileges in printing the fame, that others have, had in the like Kind -, and that Mr. Recorder of London do give him Notice hereof.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to Mr. Baxter, for his great Pains in carrying on the Work of Preaching and Prayer before this House at St. Margaret's Westminster Yesterday, being set apart by this House for a Day of Falling and Humiliation; and that he be desired to print his Sermon; and is to have the same Privileges in printing the fame, that others have had in the like kind; and that Mr. Swinfin give him Notice thereof.

Resolved, &c. That an Assessment at the Rate of Seventy Thousand Pounds by the Month for Three Months, to commence from the Twenty-fourth of June 1660, be set upon the Kingdom of Dominion

of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed: And Mr. Serjeant Maynard, Mr. Recorder of London, Mr. Pryn, and Mr. Serjeant Hales, are to prepare an Ordinance for this Purpose.

Sir George Booth reports, that, according to the Commands of this House, he repaired to the Lords, and acquainted them, that this House is ready for a Conference with the Lords, as they desired; and brings Answer, that the Lords desire, it may be with what Speed may be.

The Committee appointed to manage the free Conference with the Lords withdrew.

Mr. Dunch, being elected to serve as a Member in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the County of Wilts, and also for the Borough of Wallingford in the County of Berks, declares, that he did make Choice to serve for the Borough of Crieklade, and waved has Election for the Borough of Wallingford.

Ordered, That a new Writ be issued for the Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Wallingford aforesaid; and that Mr. Speaker do fend his Warrant to the Clerk of the Commonwealth in Chancery, for the issuing of a new Writ for the Election of a Burgess to serve for the said Borough of Wallingford: And Sir Thomas Widdrington, Thomas Tyr-rilt, and John Fountains, Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal, or any Two of them, are hereby required to issue out and pass the same under the Great Seal in their Custody accordingly.

Mr. Annejley reports the Conference had with the Lords; that the Earl of Manchifter had acquainted the Committee of this House with the Lords Receipt cf a Letter from his Majesty, and- of a Declaration inclosed; He told us, it was a Maxim, " Where the Word of-a King is, there is Power and where the Word of our King is, as it is now received, there is Truth; and Power and Truth are the bell Supports of Government: He wished

US

ill

us to consider the mistaken Maxims of some Politicians, that Distrust and Jealousies are the Nerves and Sinews of Wisdom; but He hopes* that we will rather consider that Wisdom from above, which is first pure, # easy to be intreated , and that all Distrust and Jealously might be laid aside: He took Notice of some new State Builders, that had been framing imaginary States of Government; which brought into Consideration our an-tient Government, the best in the World: And thereupon took notice of a Vote in the Lords House, concerning the Government of this Kingdom, to the Tenor following, viz.

" The Lords do Own and Declare, That,.according to the antient and fundamental Laws of this Kingdom, the Government is, and ought to be, by King, Lords, and Commons.'1

That he proceeded further, and took notice of the great Resolutions and Changes that have been; and the Occasion of them to be, the Separation of the Head from the Members; and therefore he acquainted the Committee with another Vote of the Lords,

" That the Lords, having a deep Sense of the Miseries and Distractions that this Kingdom hath been involved in, since the violent Attempts to difiolve the established Government; and conceiving, that the separating the Head from the Members, hath been the chiefest Occasion of all our Disorders and Confusions; they desire that some Ways may be considered how to make up these Breaches, and to obtain the King's Return again to his People."

And that he also acquainted them with a third Vote of the Lords, in order to a further Proceeding on the former, viz.

" That a Committee of the House of Commons may be appointed to meet with a Committee of the Lords, to prepare such Things as may be, in order to these good and necessary Ends; and to frame a Letter of Thanks and Acknowledgments to his Majesty for his gracious Letter and Declaration."

And, lastly, his Majesty's said Letter and Declaration, sent to the Lords, was read there; and that they had entrusted the Committee with them, that they might also be read here, and a Resolution given upon the Whole.

The Letter written by the King's Majesty, directed, " To the Speaker of the House of Peers, and to the Lords there assembled," Given at his Court at Breda, this Day of April, 1660, with his Majesty's Declaration therein inclosed, were read.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Lords , and do Own and Declare, That, according to the antient and fundamental Laws of this Kingdom, the Government is, and ought to be, by King, Lords, and Commons.

Ordered, That it be referred to a Committee to peruse the Journals and Records, and to examine what pretended Acte or Orders have been passed, which are incon-fiftent with the Government by King, Lords, and Commons; and report them, with their Opinion therein, to this House; and also to offer such Expedients as may carry on the Courts of Justice of the Kingdom; and how Eines, Recoveries, Assurances, Judgments, and Decrees passed, may be confirmed and made good;

Mr. Bryn, Mr. Finch, Lord Faulkland, Mr. Burner, Sir Wm. Lewis, Serjeant Hales, Sir Walter Earle, Sir Henry Lea, Mr. Counyers, Mr. Serjeant Maynard, Sir Anthony Ashley Cooper, Lord Commissioner Byrrill,

Cope, Serjeant Glyn, Lord Commissioner 4on, Sir John Courtopp \ and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe be of this Committee: And are to meet in the Court of Wards, Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Wednesday, 2d May, 1660,

Prayers.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Rich and Mr. Et tonhead. Matters of Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, We are commanded by the Lords to wait upon you, and to acquaint you with a Vote of the Lords; whereby they have nominated and appointed the Earl of Manchester to be one of the Commissioners for the Great Seal of England; and their Desire is, that the House of Commons will concur with them therein.

The Messengers were again called in; and Mr. Speaker gave them this Answer j

Gentlemen, The House have considered of the Mefi* sage , and have commanded me to return you this Answer; That they will return Answer to their Lordships Message by Messengers of their own.

Mr. Holies reports from the Committee an Answer to the King's Majesty's Letter; which he read in his Place, and after brought the same up to the Clerk's Table, and there the same was read by the Clerk in Parts; and the first Paragraph being read, was, upon the Question, agreed unto , and the next Paragraph being read, was, upon the Question, agreed unto; and the next Paragraph being read, and the Word " Our" being omitted, was upon the Question, agreed unto; and the next Paragraph, being read, was, upon the Question, agreed unto; and the next Paragraph, being read, was, upon the Question, agreed unto; and the next Paragraph being read, and instead of these Words " In the mean time," these Words, viz. " For the present and instead of these Words, " Your Majesty's View," these Words, viz. " Your Majesty," being inserted, was, upon the Question, agreed unto; and the next Paragraph being read, and the Word " the" instead of the Word " that" being inserted, was, upon the Question, agreed unto; and the Conclusion, being read, and the Word "All" being omitted, was agreed unto.

Resolved, &c. That this be the Superscription of the said Letter; viz.

" To the King's most Excellent Majesty."

Ordered, See. That Sir Walter Earle, Sir Mr. Annejley, Mr. Burner, be added to the Committee appointed Yesterday to peruse the Entries in the Journal Book of this House weekly.

His Excellency the Lord General acquainted the House with an Address made to him by the Officers of the Army, which was intituled, " The humble Address of the Officers of your Excellency's Army, in the Name of themselves and their Brethren, as it was presented to his Excellency the Second Day of May, 1660, by us whose Names are subscribe and the same was read.

Resolved, &c. That Dr. Clergis, a Member of this House, have the Leave of this House to go to the King with the Lord General his Letter, in Answer of that from his Majesty to his Excellency.

Resolved, &c. That Sir John Greenville, who brought his Majesty's Letter to this House, be called into the Bar of this House to receive the Thanks of this House.

Resolved, &c. That Five hundred Pounds be bestowed by this House on Sir John Greenville, who brought lb gracious a Letter, from the King's Majesty to this House, tp buy him a Jewel, as a Testimony of the Respects of this House to him, and a Badge of Honour, which this House thinks fit to place upon him.

Ordered, That the Council of State do take care, thac the Five hundred hounds be forthwith paid to Sir John Greeneville out of the Contingencies of the Council.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Rich and Mr. EL tonhead. Matters of Chancery;

Mr.

Mr. Speaker, We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this House, that the Lords halve appointed a Committee of Eight Lords, to join with a Committee of this House, to consider of an Answer to his Majesty's gracious Letter and Declaration; and to prepare some Things, in order to what was mentioned at a Conference Yesterday.

The Messengers being again called in, Mr. Speaker gave them this Answer;

Gentlemen, This House hath considered of your Mef-sage from the Lords , and will forthwith return an Answer to the Lords by Messengers of their own.

Ordered, &c. That Sir Henry Cholmley do go to the Lords, and communicate to the Lords the King's Letter sent to this House *, and that they have given an Answer thereunto; and to desire them to return the said Letter again: And also to acquaint the Lords, that this House hath concurred with the Lords in their Vote touching the fundamental Government of this Kingdom.

Alderman Robinson informs the House, that he was commanded by the Lord-Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council of the City of London, to acquaint this House, that they have received a Letter and Declaration from the King's Majesty, by the Hands of the Lord Viscount Mordent and Sir John Greenville and they desire the Leave of this House to return an Answer to the said Letter.

The said Letter was read, and was directed, "ToOur Trusty and Well-beloved the Lord-Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council of the City of ."

Resolved, &c. That the Lord-Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council of the City of , have the Leave of tins House to fend an Answer to the said Letter from his Majesty.

Sir Henry Cholmley reports, that he hath delivered the Message of this House to the Lords, according to the Command of this House.

Tljurfday^ May 3d. 1660.

Prayers.

MR. Goreing, being elected to serve as Knight of

the Shire in this present Parliament for the County of Suffer, and as a Burgess for the Borough of Steyning in the said County, declares, that he did make Choice to serve for the County of , and waved his Election for the Borough of Steyning.

Ordered, That a new Writ be issued for the Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Steyning in the County of Suffer and that Mr. Speaker do fend his Warrant to the Clerk of the Commonwealth in Chancery, for the Iftuing of a new Writ for the Election of a Burgess to serve for the said Borough of Steyning: And Sir Thomas Widdrington, Thomas Tyrrill, and John Fountai, Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal, or any Two of them, are hereby required to issue out and pass the same under the Great Seal in their Custody accordingly.

Mr. Turner reports from the Committee for Privileges and Elections, touching the double Return for the Borough of St. Edmundns-Bury in the County of Suffolk, the Opinion of the Committee, that Mr. Thomas Jyn and Mr. Thomas Clerke are returned by the proper Officer, and ought to fit, until the Merits of the Cause he determined.

Resolved, See. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that Mr. Thomas Chaplyn and Mr. Thomas Clerk, who are returned by the proper Officer, do fit in this House, until the Merits of the Cause, upon the double Return, be determined.

He also reports from the said Committee, touching the double Return for the Borough of Sudbury in the County of Suffolk, the Opinion of the Committee, that Mr. Joseph Brond and Mr. John Gurdon are returned by the proper Officer, and ought to fit, until the Merits of the Cause, upon the double Return, be determined.

Resolved, See. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that Mr. Brond and Mr. John Gurdon, who are returned by the proper Officer, do fit in this House, until the Merits of the Cause, upon the double Return, be determined.

He also reports from the said Committee, touching the double Return for the City of Chichester, the Opinion of the Committee, that Wm. Cawley El'quire is returned by the proper Officer, and ought to fit until the Merits of the Cause, upon the double Return, be determined.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that Wm. Cawley Esquire, who is returned by the proper Officer, do fit in this House, until the Merits of the Cause, upon the double Return, be determined.

He also reports from the said Committee, touching the double Return for the Borough of Wilton, in the County of Wilts, that the Precept is directed to the Mayor and Burgesses; and Return made, under the Seal of the Corporation, (but without the Hand of the Mayor) of Francis Swanton and William Hughes Esquires, by one Indenture; and that William Hughes, who is returned, is the Mayor , and that, upon another Indenture, from the Burgesses, there is returned the said Francis Swanton and Richard Grobham How Esquire: Whereupon the Judgment of the House is prayed, whether the Mayor be capable to be elected; or, whether he can return himself.

Resolved, &c. That this Report be recommitted to the Committee for Privileges and Elections, for their further Consideration.

He also reports from the said Committee, touching the double Return for the Borough of Hindon in the County of Wilts, the Opinion of the Committee, that Edmund Ludlow Esquire is returned by the proper Officer, and ought to fit, until the Merits of the Cause, upon the double Return, be determined.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that Edmund Ludlow Esquire, who is returned by the proper Officer, ought to fit in this House until the Merits of the Cause, upon the double Return, be determined.

Resolved, Sec. That Edmund Ludlow Esquire, do attend the Service of this House, on this Day Sevennight.

He also reports from the said Committee, touching the double Return for the Borough of Rippon in the County of York, the Opinion of the Committee, that Henry Arthington Esquire and Edmund Jennings Esquire are returned by the proper Officer, and ought to lit, until the Merits of the Cause, upon the double Return, be determined.

Resolved, Sec. That this House doth agree with the 1 Committee, that Henry Arthington and Edmund Jennings Esquires, who are returned by the proper Officer, do fit in this House, until the Merits of the Cause, upon the said double Return, be determined.

He also reports from the said Committee, touching the double Return for the Borough of in the County of Wilts, the Opinion of the Committee, that Sir John Evelyn Knight is returned by the proper Officer, and ought to fit, until the Merits of the Cause, upon the double Return, be determined.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that Sir John Evelyn, who is returned by the proper Officer, do fit in this House, until the Merits of the Cause, upon the said double Return, be determined.

Wm. Pryn Esquire, being elected to serve as Burgess in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ludgerfall C in

io Journals of the House of Commons. A. 1660.

in the County of Wilts, and also a Citizen for the City of Bath, elects to serve for the City of Bath, and waveth his Election for Ludgerfall aforesaid.

Ordered, That a new Writ be issued for the Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ludgerfall aforesaid; and that Mr. Speaker do fend his Warrant to the Clerk of the Commonwealth in Chancery, for the issuing of a new Writ for the Election of a Burgess to serve for the said Borough: And that Sir Thomas Widdringtott, Thomas , and John

Fountaine, Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal, or any Two of them, are hereby required to issue out and pass the same under the Great Seal in their Custody accordingly.

Mr. Turner also reports from the Committee for Privileges and Elections, touching the double Return for the Borough of Dozvnton in the County of Wilts, the Opinion of the Committee, that Thomas James Esquire and William Coles Esquire, are returned by the Bailiff, to whom the Warrant was directed, and ought to lit, until the Merits of the Cause, upon the said double Return, be determined.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the said Thomas Fitz James and Wm. Coles Esquires, who are returned by the Bailiff, to whom the Warrant was directed, do fit in this House, until the Merits of the Cause, upon the said double Return, be determined.

He also reports from the said Committee, touching the double Return for the Borough of Thirjke in the County of York, the Opinion of the Committee, that Wm. Stanley Esquire is returned by the proper Officer, and ought to fit, until the Merits of the Cause, upon the double Return, be determined.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that Wm. Stanley Esquire, who is returned by the proper Officer, do fit in this House, until the Merits of the Cause, upon the double Return, be determined.

He also reports from the said Committee, touching the double Return for the Borough of Cheping-Wiccomb in the County of Bucks, the same of Thomas Scot Esquire, who is returned, by one Indenture, to serve for the said Borough.

Resolved, &c. That the Debate upon the said Report, touching Cheping-Wiccomb, be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Annejley reports from the Committee, to whom it was referred to lpeak with the City of London about lending of Moneys upon Security, that they had treated with the Lord-Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City, concerning the Loan of Fifty thousand Pounds, and of a further Sum, for the Uses intended by this House; and that they have promised to take the speediest Course they can, for getting One hundred thousand Pounds to be subscribed and paid *, and that they desire the Money, to be advanced, may be secured by the Ordinance for Three Months Assessment; that their Money may be paid into the Chamber of London; and that the Chamberlain of the City may be the Treasurer for the Whole; and that the Time, to be limited by the Ordinance, for paying the Assessments into the Treasury, may be the First o next.

Resolved, &c. That, for securing the Money which shall be advanced by the City of London, the Money, which shall be raised upon the Three Months Assessment, be paid into the Chamber of the City of London , and that the Chamberlain of the City of London be the Treasurer for Receipt thereof.

Resolved, &c. That the Money, which the City of , London shall advance on Credit of the said Three Months Assessment, shall be, in the first Place, satisfied with

Interest, after Six Pounds per Cent, from the Time it shall be received to the Time it shall be repaid.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom it is referred to prepare an Ordinance for the Three Months Assessment, do bring in the Draught of the Ordinance Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Aldermen and Burgesses, which serve for the City of London, and also Alderman Lang-ham, Alderman Frederick, and Alderman,

Mr. Thomas Rich, and Mr. John Jolley, be added to the Committee, appointed to prepare an Ordinance for the Three Months Assessment: And they are to meet at the Speaker's Chamber, at Two of the Clock this Afternoon: And Mr. Recorder of London is to take care herein;

Resolved, 8cc.That it be referred to the Committee, who are to prepare the Ordinance for the Three Months Assessment, to consider how the Fifty thousand Pounds, which is ordered to be presented to his Majesty, may be remitted to his Majesty to his best Advantage; and so as there may be no Lois upon the Exchange.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Rich and Mr. El* tonhead. Mailers of Chancery,

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to wait upon you, and acquaint you with a Vote; by which they have appointed a Committee of Twelve Lords, for settling and expediting the Militia; desiring you to add a proportionable Number to them; that the Place nominated for the meeting, is the Prince's Lodgings; and the Time of meeting, at Three in the Afternoon; with Power to add, and alter, as they shall see Cause.

Resolved, That this House will return an Answer to the Lord's Message, by Messengers of their own.

The Messengers being again called in, Mr. Speaker gave them this Answer;

Gentlemen, The House hath considered of the Mef-sage by you brought from the Lords , to which they will return an Answer by Messengers of their own.

Ordered, That the Letter agreed by this House, in Answer to his Majesty's gracious Letter to this House, be kept by the Clerk under such Privacy, that no Copy thereof may come to any Hand, till it hath been communicated to his Majesty.

The House being informed, that Sir John,

who brought his Majesty's Letter to this House, was at the Door; he was called in to receive the Thanks of this House, according to the Order of Yesterday.

Mr. Speaker did accordingly give the Thanks of this House unto the said Sir John Greeneville, he Handing at the Bar of this House, in Effect as followeth;

Sir John Greeneville, I need not tell you, with what grateful and thankful Hearts the Commons, now assembled in Parliament, have received his Majesty's gracious Letter: Res ipsa loquitur: You yourself have been ocularis & auricularis Tejiis de rei veritate: Our Bells, and our Bonfires, have already begun the Proclamation of his Majesty's Goodness, and of our Joys: We have told the People, That our King, the Glory of England, is coming home again; and they have resounded it back again in our Ears, that they are ready, and their Hearts are open, to receive him: Both Parliament and People have cried aloud to the King of Kings, in their Prayers, " Long live King Charles the Second !"

Sir, I am likewise to tell you, that the House doth not think it fit, that you should return back to our Royal Sovereign, without some Testimony of their Respects to yourself.

They have ordered and appointed, that Five hundred Pounds shall be delivered to you, to buy a Jewel, as a Badge of that Honour, which is due to a Person, whom the King hath honoured to be the Messenger of so gracious

a

a MefTageAnd l am commanded, in the Name of the House, to return you their very hearty Thanks.

Ordered, That a MefTage :be sent. to the Lords, to acquaint them, that this House hath prepared an Answer to his Majesty's gracious Letter, sent to this House; and that they intend to fend the same by some Members of their own: And that Sir Wm.Lewis do carry this MefTage to the Lords.

Refolded, &c. That, for determining what Members of this House shall cany to his Majesty the Letter of this, House, the several Members of this House shall deliver in their several Papers: And that it be referred to a Committee to view the Papers, and make Report to this House, who have the greatest Number of Voices.

Resolvod, See. That the Number of the said Committee be Four.

Ordered, That Sir Henry , Major General Browne, Sir Henry Cholmeley, Lord be the

Committee.

Mr. Pryn offers a Report from the Committee of the House, to whom it is referred to inform themselves, by the Journals of this House, what pretended Acts and Orders are made, inconsistent with the fundamental Government of this Kingdom, by King, Lords, and Commons.

Resolved, &c. That Mr. Pryn do make his Report Tomorrow Morning, the first Business.

Sir Wm.Lewis reports, that, according to the Command of this House, he had delivered their MefTage to the Lords.

Resolved, See.That a Committee of this Floufe be appointed, to consider of the King's Majestiy's Letter and Declaration, and for preparing of Bills accordingly,

Mr. Finch, Serjeant Maynard, Ld. Howard, Mr. Re-

corder of London, Mr. Goodrick, Col. Bowyer, Sir Walter Earle, Sir Gilbt. Gerrard, Mr. Swaile, Mr. Holies, Sir Edward Peering, Mr. Morrice, Mr. Francis Gerrard, Lord General, Mr. Charleton, Mr. Perrepont, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Bunckley, Sir Horatio Colonel

Maffey, Mr. Clifford, Sir John Holland, Ld. Herbert, Sir Wm. Waller, Sir George Booth, Ld. Faulkland, Mr. Crew, Sir Robert Pye, Mr. Tol/on, Mr. Brodrick, Sir Dudley North, Col. Birch, Sir "Trevor Williams, Mr. Clapham, Sir Henry Telverton, Mr. Williams, Mr.

Jin, Mr. Annejley, Col. Morley, Mr. Rnightley, Mr. Duncb,

Sir Anthony Irby, Mr. Onslow, Lewis, Col. Harley,

Lord Bulkley, Mr. Henry Hungerford, Mr. Stanhop, Mr. Boderda, Sir John Evelyn of Wilts, Sir Evelyn of Surrey, Mr. Clobery, Mr. Turner, Ld. Howard, Sir Thomas Spencer, Mr. Dawney; and all the Gentlemen of this House of the Long Robe: This Committee have Power to prepare a Bill for taking away Tenures Capite, and by Knights Service, and Socage in Capite, and also of the Court of Wards; and to consider and propound to this House, how One hundred thousand Pounds a Year may be raised and settled on his Majesty, in Compensation for Wardships and Liveries, and the Court of Wards: And this Committee are to meet in the Inner Court of Wards, at Three of the Clock this Afternoon: And Mr. Finch is to take care of this Business.

Friday, May 4th. 1660.

Prayers.

A MefTage from the Lords by Mr. Rich and Mr. tonhead. Matters of Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to wait fipon you, to acquaint you with a Vote of theirs; by which they have appointed Six Lords to attend upon

A

the King's Majesty, with their Answer to his Majesty's gracious Letter, and Declaration inclosed, which he was pleased to send to them.

Mr. Finch reports from the Committee, appointed to prepare Bills to be tendered to his Majesty, for his Afient, a Bill, declaring the Continuance of this present Parliament; which was this Day read the first and second Time, and, upon the Question, committed to Mr. Finch, Mr. Rich, Mr. Knightley, Mr. Annejley, Sir Anthony Irby, Mr. Turner, Lord Commissioner Mr. Ser-

jeant Hales, Mr. John Stephens, Col. White, Mr. Pryn, Serjeant Maynard, Mr. Baynton, Sir John Northcott, Sir Walter Earle, Serjeant Glyn, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Rowfe, Serjeant Browne, Mr. Crew, Lord Brufe, and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; who are presently to withdraw into the Speaker's Chamber: And Mr. Serjeant Maynard is to take care of it.

Mr. Finch also reports, from the said Committee, a Bill touching Lands purchased from the Trustees of the late Parliament; which was this Day read the first Time.

Resolved, That this Bill be now read the second Time.

The said Bill was read the second Time accordingly, and, upon the Question, committed to Sir Rickard Temple, Sir John Northcot, Ld. Howard, Sir Col. Morley, Col. Birch, Mr. Finch, Col. Gorges, Col.

Jones, Ld. Faulkland, Ld. General, Sir Walter Earle, Serjeant Browne, Serjeant Hales, Sir Mr. John Stephens, Col. Clobery, Col. Bowyer, Mr. Ru/h-worth, Ld. Herbert, Serjeant Ld. Mrndevill, Mr. Pryn, Major General Browne, Sir Henry Sir

Wil/rid Law/on, Mr. Brarnfton, Mr. Turner, Mr. Perrepont, Mr. Swaile, Mr. Dodde Mr. Mr.

Gerrard, and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; presently to withdraw into the Speaker's Chamber.

Resolved, See. That the same of Alderman Bunce be taken into Confederation by this Committee.

Resolved, That a Declaration be prepared to give Notice to the People, that there will be no Proceedings in Easter Term next coming, upon Caules depending in any of the Courts of Justice in We/lminJhr-Hall, uritil the Two last Returns of the said Term.

Resolved, See. That it be referred to the Committee, who are to consider of Expedients for carrying on the Courts of Justice, to prepare the said Declaration, and to bring it in Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Serjeant Maynard reports Amendments t<3 the Bill for declaring the Continuance of this present Parliament; which were twice read, and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill, thus amended, be ingossed.

Resolved, Sec.That Mr. Recorder of the City of London, Alderman Robin/on, Alderman Vincent, and Alderman Bloudworth, have the Leave of this House to go

to the King's Majesty, from the City of London, with the Letter, which the City fends to his Majesty, in Answer of his Majesty's Letter to them.

Resolved, Sec. That the Members of this House, who are to go to his Majesty with the Letter, in Answer of his Majesty's Letter to this House, be Twelve in Number.

Resolved, Sec. That this House do proceed Tomorrow Morning, to determine of the said Persons, in the Way appointed by the Order of this House.

Mr. Finch reports from the Committee, to whom the Bill touching Sales is committed; that the Committee cannot pOrfed their Report, so as to otter it to the House this Forenoon.

Resolved

Resolved, See. That the said Committee do meet at Three of Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Saturday, May 5. 1660.

Prayers.

A Bill ingrossed, for continuing this present Parliament*

was, this Day, read the third Time.

Resolved, That this be the Title of the Bill, viz. An Act for removing and preventing all Questions and Disputes, concerning the Alfembling and Sitting of this present Parliament:

And the said Bill, being put to the Question, palfed.

Ordered, That Mr. Finch do carry up this Bill to the Lords.

Mr. Francis Bacon reports a Declaration, concerning the putting off some Part of the next Easter Term, until Quinque Pafche \ which was read, and committed unto Serjeant Hales, Sir Tho. Mr. West on,

Serjeant Glyn, Mr. Pryn, Mr. V urner, Mr. Char let on, Mr. Francis Bacon-, who are presentty to withdraw, and amend the said Declaration upon the Debate had in the House.

Mr. Turner reports from the Committee for Privileges

and Elections, touching the double Return for the Borough of Truro in the County of ,that the

Warrant was directed to the Mayor and Burgesses; who returned, in one Indenture, Edward Bofcawen Esquire, together with Walter Vincent Esquire (who is returned in both the Indentures) and the Committee's Opinion, that Edward Bofcawen Esquire is returned by the proper Officer, and ought to fit, till the Merits of the Cause shall be determined.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that Edward Bofcawen Esquire, being returned by the proper Officer to lerve in this Parliament, for the Borough of Truro in the County of , do fit, till

the Merits of the Cause be determined.

He also reports from the said Committe, touching the several Returns for the Borough of Helston in the County of Cornwall, that Anthony Rowfe Esquire and Alexander

Penbellick Esquire are returned by the proper Officer, in Two several Indentures , and the Opinion of the Committee, that they ought to fit, till the Merits of the Cause be determined.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the said Anthony Rowfe and Alexander hellick do fit in this House, until the Merits of the Cause be determined.

Mr. Turner also reports from the said Committee, touching the double Return for the Borough of Bodmyn in the County of Cornwall, that Hender Roberts and John Scilly are returned by the proper Officer; and the Opinion of the Committe, that they ought to fit, till the Merits of the Cause be determined.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the said Hender Roberts and John Scilly do fit in this House, till the Merits of the Cause be determined.

Mr. Turner also reports from the said Committee, touching the several Returns for the Borough of Camel-ford in the County of Cornwall, that Peter and

Samuel Trelawney Esquires are returned by the proper Officer, by Two several Indentures and the Opinion of the Committee, that they ought to fit, till the Merits of the Cause be determined.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the said Peter Kelligrew and Samuel Trelawney do fit in this House, till the Merits of the Cause be determined.

He also reports from the said Committee, touching the several Returns for the Borough of St. Ives in the County of Cornwall, that John Seyntaubin and James Praed Esquires are returned by the proper Officer *, and the Opinion of the Committee, that they ought to fit, till the Merits of the Cause be determined.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the said John Seyntaubin and James Praed do fit in this House, till the Merits of the Cause be determined.

He-also reports from the said Committee, touching the double Return for the Borough of Lofwithell in the County of Cornwall, that John Cleyton and Walter Moyle Esquires are returned by the Mayor, by one Indenture, and that Henry Ford Esquire is returned by the Mayor by another Indenture; and the Opinion of the Committee, that none of the said Persons ought to fit, till the Merits of the Cause be determined.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that none of the said Persons do fit in this House, till the Merits of the Cause be determined.

Resolved, That the Mayor of the Borough of Lofwithell in the County of Cornwall be summoned to appear, at the Bar of this House, on Monday next come Fortnight, to answer his Misdemeanour, in making an insufficient Return of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough: And that he bear the Charge of the said Summons.

Mr. Turner also reports from the said Committee, touching the several Returns for the Borough of St. Mawes in the County of Cornwall, that Wm. Tredingham and Arthur Spry Esquires are returned by the proper Officer, by two several Indentures; and the Opinion of the Committee, that they ought to fit, till the Merits of the Cause be determined.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the said Mr. Tredingham and Mr. Spry do fit in this House, till the Merits of the Cause be determined.

Mr. Turner also reports from the said Committee, touching the double Return for the Borough of East-Low in the County of Cornwall, that the Mayor of the said Borough had, under his Hand and Seal, returned Henry Seamour and Jonathan Trelawny Esquires by one Indenture, and George Trelly and Nathaniel Moyle by another Indenture , and the Opinion of the Committee, that none of the said Persons ought to fit, till the Merits of the Cause be determined.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that none of the said Persons do fit in this House, till the Merits of the Cause be determined.

Resolved, That the Mayor of the Borough of East-Low in the County of Cornwall be summoned to appear, at the Bar of this House, on Monday next come Fortnight, to answer his Misdemeanour, in making an insufficient Return of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough: And that he bear the Charge of the said Summons.

Mr. Turner also reports from the said Committee, touching the double Return for the Borough of Lejkard in the County of Cornwall, that John Connock and John Robinson Esquires are returned by the proper Officer; and the Opinion of the Committee, that they ought to fit, till the Merits of the Cause be determined.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the said Mr. Connock and Mr. Robinson do fit in this House, till the Merits of the Cause be determined.

Mr. Turner also reports from the said Committee, touching the several Returns for the Borough of Mtchell in the County of Cornwall, that Thomas Carew Esquire and Henage Finch Esquire are returned by the proper

Officer

12 Car. II. Journals the

Officer by several Indentures; and the Opinion of the Committee, that they ought to fit, till the Merits of the Cause be determined.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the said Mr. Carew and Mr. Finch do fit in this House, till the Merits of the Cause be determined.

Mr. Finch, being elected to serve as a Member in this present Parliament, for the City of Canterbury in the County of Kent., and also for die Borough of Michell in the County of Cornwall, declares, that he makes Choice to serve for the City of , and waves

his Election for the Borough of Michell aforesaid.

Ordered, That a new Writ be issued for the Election of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Michell aforesaid; and that Mr. Speaker do fend his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, for the Ifiuing of a new Writ for the Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Michell: And the Lords Commissioners of the great Seal, or any Two of them, are hereby required to issue out, and pass the fame, under the Great Seal accordingly.

Mr. Turner reports from the Committee for Privileges and Elections, touching the double. Return for the Borough of Launceston in the County of that

Thomas Gewen and Edward Ell, Esquires, are returned by the proper Officer; and the Opinion of the Committee, that they ought to fit, till the Merits of the Cause be determined.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the said Mr. Gewen and Mr. Elliot, do fit in, this House, till the Merits of the Cause be determined.

Mr. Turner also reports, touching the several Returns for the Borough of Tregony in the County of Cornwall, that Sir John Temple, Knight, and Edward Bofcawin, Esquire, are returned by the proper Officer; and the Opinion of the Committee, that they ought to fit, till the Merits of the Cause be determined.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the said Sir John Temple and Mr. Bofcawin do fit in this House, till the Merits of the Cause be determined.

Mr. Turner also reports from the said Committee, touching the double Return for the Borough of Melcombe Regis in the County of Dorset, that, upon Examination of the Faff, it appeared to the Committee, that Peter Middleton, Merchant, returned by on? Indenture, had more Voices, of those that had Right to elect Burgesses to serve for the said Borough, than Samuel Bond, Esquire, who is returned by another Indenture; and the Opinion of the Committee, that the said Peter Middleton is duly elected, and ought to fit.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the said Peter Middleton is duly elected to serve for the said Borough, and ought to fit.

Mr. Turner also reports from the said Committee, touching the double Return for the Borough of Wiccomb in the County of Bucks, that, upon Examination of the Fast, it appeared to the Committee, that Rich. Browne, Esquire, returned by one Indenture, had more Voices, of Persons capable to elect Burgesses to serve for the said Borough, than Thomas Scot, Esquire, who is returned by another Indenture -, and the Opinion of the Committee, that the said Mr. Browne is duly defied, and ought to fit.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the said Richard Browne is duly elected for the said Borough, and ought to fit.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery do attend, at the Bar of this House, with the Returns for the Borough of Cheping Wiccomb in the County of Bucks, on - Monday Morning next; and that the Mayor of

t

House of Commons. 13

Wiccomb aforesaid, do then also attend, in order to his Amendment of the said Returns.

Mr. Turner allb reports from the Committee for Privileges and Elections, touching the several Returns for the Borough of Gatton in the County of Surrey, that, upon Examination of the Fad, it appeared to the Committee, that Thomas Turgis, Wm. O, and Roger , Esquires, who were returned by Two several Indentures, had all of them equal Votes , and that Robert , Esquire, who is returned in the same Indenture with the said Rob. James, had the Minority of Votes *, and the Opinion of the Committee, that the whole Election is void.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the said Election is void.

Ordered, That a new Writ be issued for the Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Gatton in the County of Surrey and that Mr. Speaker do fend his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, for the issuing of a new Writ for the Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough: And that the Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal, or any Two of them, are hereby required to issue out, and pals the fame, under the Great Seal accordingly.

Mr. Francis Bacon reports Amendments to the Declaration for putting off some Part of Term; which

were read; and the said Declaration, so amended, being put to the Question, was agreed unto.

Resolved, That the Lords Concurrence be desired to this Declaration *, and that Mr. Bacon do carry this Declaration to the Lords, for their Concurrence.

Resolved, That in all Cases, where the Great Seal of England shall be necessary to be used, all Proceedings shall go in the King's Name.

Ordered, That it be referred to a Committee, to consider, from what Time all Proceedings shall commence in his Majesty's Name; and what Seal shall be for the present used j viz. Col. Clobery, Mr. Annesley, Mr. T Mr.

Finch, Sir Henry Telverton, Sir Rich. Onslow, Col. , Col. Bowyer, Sir Walter Earle, Sir Irby, Sir Antb.

Ashley Cooper, Serj. Hales, Ld. Commissioner Widdrington, Mr. Pryn, Serj. Twifden, and all the Gendemen of the Long Robe: And this Committee are to meet at Two of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Annejley reports from the Council of State, to the Tenor following j viz. The Council of State being informed, that there are Distempers in several Parts of this Kingdom j and that unquiet Spirits may make an Advantage to foment new Troubles and Distractions, by Pretence, or Colour, that the Sheriffs, and other publick Ministers of Justice, are not impowered, in this present Juncture of Affairs, with sufficient Authority to dilpenle the ordinary Acts of Justice belonging to their respective Places, for preserving of the publick Peace; they [do] therefore humbly move, that the Parliament will please to pass a Declaration for requiring all Officers of Justice to attend the Duties of their Places, as by their Commissions they are enjoined; that so the publick Peace may be the better secured, and the Justice of the Nation carried on without Interruption.

Ordered, That a Declaration, or Proclamation, be prepared, to the Effect of the said Report; and that it be referred to Mr. Pryn, Serjeant Hales, Serjeant,

Mr. Finch, Lord Commissioner Widdrington, Mr.

Lord Commissioner Tyrrill, Colonel Mr. Thur-

land, Mr. Charleton, Colonel King, Serjeant Glyn, to prepare the same: And they are to meet in the Speaker* Chamber, at Three of the Clock this Afternoon: And Mr. Serjeant Glyn is to take care herein,

Resolved, That the Commissioners of the Excise, or the Committee for the Army, do take effectual Order, that Five D hundred

hundred Pounds be forthwith paid into the Treasury of the Council's Contingencies, out of the Moiety of the Excile of Beer and Ale, or out of the monthly Assess-fnents respectively; to be reimbursed, with the first Opportunity, out of the said Contingencies to the Treasury, that shall lend the fame: And that the Council of State do take care to fee this Order put in Execution: And that the said Five hundred Pounds be forthwith paid to Sir John Greenvile, for so much bellowed upon him by a

former Order of this House.

Mr. Forth, a Member of this House, offered, forthwith, to advance Five hundred Pounds for Sir John Greenville; which the House accepted of.

Ordered, That the Council of State do take care, that the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, offered to be advanced by Mr. Forth, be speedily repaid to Mr. Forth, out of the Council's Contingencies, by the Money ordered to be paid in thither by the Commissioners of Excise, or Committee for the Army.

Resolved, That Mr. Forth have the Thanks of this House, for his Forwardness to accommodate this Service:

And Mr. Speaker gave him the Thanks of this House accordingly.

' Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Lords, that the Earl of Manchester, Speaker of the House of

Peers, be, and is hereby, nominated and appointed one of the Commissioners of the Great Seal, and added to those, who have the presentCustody thereof, till farther Order.

Ordered, That Mr. Annejley do acquaint the Lords-with the Concurrence of this House to their Message concerning the Earl of Manchester.

Mr. Bacon brings Answer from the Lords, that the Lords did concur with this House, to the Declaration for putting off Part of EasterTerm next , and desire, that the said Declaration be forthwith printed and published.

Ordered, That the said Declaration be forthwith printed and published.

The House, according to former Order, proceeded in the Election of Members to attend Iris Majesty with the Letter from this House.

Lord Howard, 1

Sir Henry Cholmley, /appointed to Tell the

Sir Henry Telverton, I. House.

Major General Browne, j

Resolved, That the Door be shut.

The Tellers report, the Number of the Members in the House to be Four hundred and Four, besides the Tellers, being in the Whole Four hundred and Eight.

Two Glasses were prepared, for every Member to put irt his Paper, of the Names of the Persons, whom he would have to carry the Letter to the King's Majesty from this House.

The Clerk of the Parliament, and Clerk-Assistant, thereupon, went to the several Members with the Glasses, arid received from every of them respectively, fitting in their Places, a Paper of Names , and so both the Glasses were brought, and set upon the Table.

Resolved, That the Glasses, with the Papers, be delivered to the Committee; and that they make Report, who have the greatest Number of Voices, on Monday Morning next.

' A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hobart and Mr. Glasscock, Masters of Chancery;

' Mr. Speaker, We are commanded by the Lords to deliver this Message; The Lords desire the Concurrence of this Honourable House to this Order — - And therewith delivered in ah Order touching the Duke of Bitch.'

They likewise eommanded us to return his Majesty's Letter to this House, formerly transmitted from this House to their Lordships.

The Order, now communicated from the Lords, was

read.

Resolved, That the Order from the Lords, touching the Duke of Buckingham, be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill of Sales is referred , to insert his Name into the Proviso of the Bill for Sales.

Resolved, That this House doth concur with the Lords in the Order this Day sent from their Lordships, touching the Duke of Buckingham , viz.

Whereas the Duke of Buckingham having had his Estate sequestered and fold, not only without the Concurrence of the House of Lords, but also against their Vote of Indemnity sent down to the House of Commons in his Behalf; and that his being in Arms, was in his Minority; the Lords and Commons, in Parliament assembled, conceiving his same to be singular, do order, that there be a Stop and Stay of demolishing or defacing of, or committing Waste in, the Houses and Lands, or any of them, whereof the Duke of Buckingham, or Catharine late Duchess of Buckingham, his Mother, or either of them. Was or were seized, in Possession or Reversion, the First Day of July 1651; and that no Timber or Woods be felled, or cut down, off any of the said Lands, or any Part thereof; and that no Wood or Timber felled, and now remaining the re, be taken away, or removed from the same Lands; and that all the Rents "of the said Lands be flopped in the Tenants Hands respectively: And a Stay and Stop is hereby made accordingly , and this to continue, till the Pleasure of the Houses be further signified concerning the same. And all Persons, whom it may. concern, are hereby required to yield Obedience to this Order.

Resolved, That there be a Stop and Stay of demolishing or defacing of, or committing Waste in, the Houses and Lands, or any of them, whereof William Lord Craven, Sir John Stowell, Knight of the Bath, and James Bunce, Alderman of the City of London, or any of them, was or were seized, in Possession or Reversion, at the Time of the Seizure or Sequestration thereof; and that no Timber or Woods be felled, or cut down, off any of the said Lands, or any Part thereof; and that no Wood or Timber felled, and now remaining the re, be taken away or removed from the same Lands; and that all the Rents of the said Lands be flopped in the Tenants Hands respectively: And a Stay and Stop is hereby made accordingly; and this to continue, till the Pleasure of the Houses be further signified concerning the same. And all Persons, whom it may concern, are hereby required to yield Obedience to this Order.

Resolved, That the Lords Concurrence be desired therein j and that Sir Rich.‘Temple carry it to the Lords.

The Messengers from the Lords were called in again,; and Mr. Speaker gave them this Answer:

Gentlemen, The House have considered of the Message that you have brought from the Lords; and their Answer is. That they do agree with the Lords therein.

It being propounded, that Mr. Huf ands, and Mr. Speaker's Printer, may be Printers for this House.

Ordered, That it be left to Mr. Speaker to give Order therein accordingly.

The House adjourns itself till Eight of the Clock on Monday Morning next.

Monday, May 7th. 1660.

Prayers.

A Letter from General Mon, dated, aboard the Naseby, in the Downs, the Third of May 1660; giving an Account of his Receipt of His Majesty's most gracious Declaration, dated — Day of April, 1660; and of a Letter of the same Date, directed to General Mom and himself, to be communicated to the Fleet; was this Day read.

iv Copy of his Majesty's said Letter, which came inclosed in General Mount ague* s, was also read.

Fefohsd.,

Resolved, That the Generals of the Fleet have the

Leave of this House, to return an Answer to his Majesty's gracious Letter and Declaration, sent to them.

Resolved, That the Ministers do, on next, the

Thanksgiving Day for the Cities of London and minster, and late Lines of Communication, return Thanks to God for his Majesty's gracious Letters and Declaration; and for the hearty, loyal, and dutiful Conjunction, and universal Concurrence, of the Houses,j and of all the Forces by Sea and Land, to bring in his Majesty, upon the Terms of Justice and Honour, propounded by his Majesty.

Resolved, That the several and respective Ministers, throughout the Kingdom of , and

land, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, be, and are hereby required and enjoined, publickly to pray for the King's Majesty, by the Name of Our Sovereign Lord Charles the Second, by the Grace of God, King of England, S, and,

Defender of the Faith, &c.

Ordered, That Mr. Pryn, Mr. , Mr.

Col. Bowyer, Sir Trevor Will, Mr. , Mr.

Finch, Mr. Gewen, Seij. Browne, be a Committee, to word the said Two last Orders, upon this Day's Debates: And the said Committee are forthwith to withdraw, and report to the House.

Resolved, That the King be proclaimed Tomorrow; and that it be referred to the Committee last named, to bring in the Form of the Words to be used in the proclaiming of him:

That the Lords Concurrence be desired herein.

Mr. Pryn reports a Declaration, for continuing all Sheriffs, Justices of Peace, Mayors, Constables, and other Ministers of publick Justice, that were in Office the Twenty-fifth Day of April 1660 , which was read, and, after some Amendments at the Table, passed.

Resolved, &c. That the Lords Concurrence be desired to this Declaration; and that the Lord President of the Council of State do carry the same to the Lords.

Lord Howard reports the Names of the Members of this House, who have the greatest Number of Voices, For attending his Majesty from this House, with their Answer to his Majesty's Letter, being as followeth;

Sir George Booth, Lord Faulkland, Mr. , Sir John Holland, Sir Anthony Ashley C, Lord Bruce, Sir Ho-ratio Townefend, Lord Herbert, Lord , Lord

Fairfax, Sir Henry Cholmley, Lord Mandevill.

Resolved, &c.. That Sir George Booth do go, as one of the Messengers from this House, with their Answer to -his Majesty's Letter,

Resolved, That the Lord Faulkland do go, as one of the Messengers from this House, with their Answer to his Majesty's Letter.

Resolved, That Mr. Holies do go, as one of the Messengers from this House, with their Answer to his Majesty's Letter.

Resolved, That Sir John Holland do go, as one of the Messengers from this House, with their Answer to his Majesty's Letter.

Resolved, That Sir Anthony Ashley Cooper do go, as one of the Messengers from this House, with their Answer to his Majesty's Letter.

Resolved, That the Lord Bruce do go, as one of the Messengers from this House, with their Answer to his Majesty's Letter.

Resolved, That Sir Horatio Townefend do go, as one

of the Messengers from this House, with their Answer to his Majesty's Letter.

Resolved, That the Lord Herbert do go, as one of the Messengers from this House, with their Answer to his Majesty's Letter.

Resolved, That the Lord Castleton do go, as one of the Messengers from this House, with their Answer to his Majesty's Letter. '

2

Resolved, That the Lord Fairfax do go, as one of the Messengers from this House, with their Arjlwer to his Majesty.

Resolved, That Sir Hemy Cholmley do go, as one of the Messengers from this House, with their Answer to his Majesty.

Resolved, That the Lord Mandevill do go, as one of the Messengers from this House, with their Answer to his Majesty.

Resolved, That Mr. Bowles have the Leave of this House to go with the Messengers, who are to attend the King's Majesty from dais House, with their Answer to his Majesty's Letter, as their Chaplain.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hobart and Mr. Harrington;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire the Concurrence of this Honourable House to this Order: — And therewith delivered in an Order, which was read; and was, For Stay of Delivery of the Possession to any of the Purchasers of the Manor of Chedley, and other the Manors and Lands called the Brooke's-Lands, late the Lands of John Lord

Marquis of Winch eft er; and to flop Wastes and Spoils thereupon; and for flaying the Rents in the Tenants Hands.

Resolved, That this House will fend an Answer to this Message, by Messengers of their own.

The Messengers were again called in; and Mr. Speaker gave them this Answer; ‘

Gendemen, The House have considered of your Message, and the Order which you brought from the Lords; and they will return an Answer by Messengers of their own.

Mr. Recorder of London reports an Ordinance, for an Assessment of Seventy thousand Pounds by the Month, for Three Months, to be set upon England, to commence from the Twenty-fourth Day of June, 1660; which was this Day read the first Time.

The Lord President of the Council of State brings Answer from the Lords, That the Lords have agreed to the Declaration, for continuing Sheriffs, and other Ministers of Justice, as was desired by this House.

Ordered, That this Declaration be forthwith printed and published.

The Ordinance for an Assessment of Seventy thousand Pounds by the Month, to be set upon England, &c. for Three Months, was this Day read the Second Time; and, upon the Question, committed to Sir Dudley North, Sir Wm. Wheeler, Sir Wrn. Lewis, Mr. Recorder of London, Mr. Pryn, Colonel Bowyer, Serj. Maynard, Sir John Northcot, Mr. Stephens, Lord Mr. Good-

rich, Sir Tho. Wroth, Lord Bulkley, Ld. Commissioner Widdrington, Mr. Turner, Sir John Carter, Mr. Mild-may. Sir Rich. Temple, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Sir

Anthony Irby, Sir Trevor WilliMr. Swayle, Alderman Bloudworth, Mr. Tolfon, Sir Richard Onslow, Lord Falkland, Mr. Boderda, Mr. Finch, Ld. Howard, Sir Geo. Booth, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Mr. Baynham,

Col. King, Ld. Anger, Sir Qilb. Gerrard, Col. Rouse, Mr. Holies, Sir Anthony Ashley. Cooper, Mr. Francis Gerrard, Col. Fitz James, Mr. Chasse, Mr. Lancelot Lake, Mr. Sylly, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Gewen, Mr. Mr.

Rainsford, Mr. Serj. Glyn, Sir Mr. Clap-

ham; and all that come to have Voices: And that the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, who serve for the respective Counties, Cities, and Boroughs, do, this Afternoon, give in to the said Committee the Names of Commissioners for the Assessments for the respective Counties, Cities, and Boroughs: And are to meet in the Ex-' chequer Chamber, at Three of the Clock this Afternoon: And that Mr. Recorder of London do take care hereof.

Resolved, That the Proportions, in this Bill, be according to the Proportions in the last Bill of Assessments;

provided

provided that these Proportions shall not be drawn into Precedent for the future.

Mr. Finch reports several Votes, worded by the Committee appointed to withdraw; which Votes were read, and, upon die Question, agreed unto; and are as followed; viz.

Resolved, That all and every the Ministers, throughout the Kingdoms of England and Dominion of

Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, do, and are hereby required and enjoined, in their publick Prayers, to pray for the King's most Excellent Majesty, by the Name of our Sovereign Lord Charlesby the Grace of God, of

England, Scotland, France and King, Defender

of the Faith, &c. and for the moil illustrious Prince "James Duke of Fork, and the rest of the Royal Progeny.

Resolved', That the Ministers, who are appointed to officiate before this House upon next, being the

Day appointed for a publick Thanksgiving; and all other Ministers within the late Lines of Communication, who, in their several Churches and Chapels, are to carry on the Duties of that Day -, and also all other Ministers, who are, on that Day Fortnight, to perform the like Duty throughout the Kingdom of , and Dominion of

Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed-, shall be and are hereby enjoined to return Thanks to Almighty God, for his Majesty's several gracious Letters to both Houses of Parliament, and to the Commanders in Chief of the Forces both by Land and Sea, and to the Lord-Mayor and Common-Council of the City of , together

with the Declarations inclosed; and the just and honourable Conceffioiis therein contained; and for the hearty, loyal, and dutiful Conjunction of the Lords and Commons, now assembled in Parliament; and the universal Concurrence of all the Commanders and Forces both by Land and Sea, to receive his Majesty into his Dominions and Government, according to their bounden Duty, and the Laws of the Land: And that the Ministers, upon Thursday Fortnight, be enjoined to read his Majesty's Letters and Declarations to both Houses, in their several Churches and Chapels, at the same time.

Resolved, That the Concurrence of the Lords be desired to these Votes.

Resolved, That it be recommended by this House to the Ministers in the several Parishes within the Cities of London and Westminster, and late Lines of Communication; that

there be a charitable Collection made in their several Congregations, upon Thursday next, being set apart for a Day of Thanksgiving, for Relief of the poor, lick, maimed Soldiers, Widows, Orphans, and Pensioners, at the Hospitals of the Savoy and Ely-house.

A Message from the Lords, by the Master of the Rolls, and Ld. Chief Baron;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to tell you, that their Lordships have made an Order for proclaiming of his Majesty, King of,

France, and Ireland -, and have agreed on a Committee of Four Lords; desiring a proportionable Number of this House may be appointed to meet with them, at Four of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Prince's Lodgings; to consider of the Manner, Time, and other Circumstances, to be observed therein.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Lords in the said Message.

Resolved, That Mr. Pryn, Mr. Turner, Mr. Stephens, Col. Bowyer, Sir Trevor Williams, Mr.- Charlton, Mr. Finch, Mr. Gewen, be the Committee, to meet with the Committee of the Lords accordingly.

The Messengers being called in, Mr. Speaker gave them this Answer;

Gentlemen, The House have considered of the Message and Order sent from the Lords concerning the Proclaiming of the King; and have appointed a proportionable Number of themselves, to meet with the Committee

appointed by the Lords, at the Time and Place mentioned, according as is desired.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eltonhead and Mr. Hobart, Masters of Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to attend you with the Bill for Removal and Preventing allQuestions and Disputes concerning the Assembling and Sitting of this present Parliament; to which they have added a Provish, and made feme Amendments; to which their Lordships desire the Concurrence of this House.

The Provish and Amendments were read the first, second, and third time; and are as followeth; viz.

L. 17, after the Word " Parliament," and before the Word Provided," add these Words, 44 Provided always, that this present Parliament may be difiolved by his Majesty, after the usual Manner, as if the same had been summoned byWritorWrits in his Majesty's Name." In the same seventeenth Line, after the Word Provided," and before the Word And," instead of the Word always," put in the Word also."

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Lords; and that the said Proviso and Amendment be Part of the Bill.

The Messengers being called in ag^in, Mr. Speaker gave them this Answer;

Gendemen, The House have considered Of your Message from the Lords; and have agreed to the Provilb and Amendments, by them offered to be Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That it be referred to a Committee to consider, upon this Day's Debate, of the Return to be made ro the Lords, upon the Bill for Removing and Preventing all Questions and Disputes concerning the Assembling and Sitting of this present Parliament, sent from the Lords this Day with some Amendments; viz. Mr. Seij. Maynard, Mr. Serj. Hales, Mr. Serj. Glyn, Ld. Corrtmiffidner Widdrington, Mr. Pryn, Ld. Commissioner Tyrrill, Mf. Setj. Twifden, Mr. Charlton-, and they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber; and to peruse Precedents in this Cafe, and report their Opinions therein to the House.

T/uefday, May8th. 1660.

Prayers.

TkifR. Turner reports, from the Committee appointed to meet with a Committee of the Lords, concerning the Proclaiming of the King, the Form of aProclamation; which was first read by him, Handing in his Place:

Being after brought up by the Reporter to the Table, it was read by the Clerk; and after the inserting of the Words many Years, " instead of these Words " these Twelve Years," the same was agreed; and resolved, upon the Question, to be the Form to be used for Proclaiming his Majesty; the same being as followeth: Although it can no way be doubted, but that his Majesty's Right and Title to his Crowns and Kingdoms, is and was every way completed, by the Death of his most Royal Father, of glorious Memory, without the Ceremony or Solemnity of a Proclamation; yet, since Proclamations in such Cases have been always used, to the end, that all good Subjects might, upon this Occasion, testify their Duty and Respect; and since the armed Violence, and other the Calamities, of many Years last past, have hitherto deprived us of any such Opportunity, wherein we might express our Loyalty and Allegiance to his Majesty: We, therefore, the Lords and Commons now assembled in Parliament, together with the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, and other Freemen of this Kingdom, now present, do, according to our Duty and Allegiance, heartily, joyfully, and unanimously, acknowledge and proclaim; that, immediately upon the Decease of our late Sovereign Lord King Charles, the Imperial Crown of the Realm of England, and of all the Kingdoms, Dominions and Rights belonging to the fame, did, by inherent Birthright, and lawful and undoubted

Suc-

1

Succession, descend and come to His Most Excellent Majesty Charles the Second, as being lineally, justly, and lawfully next Heir of the Blood Royal of this Realm*, and that, by the Goodness and Providence of Almighty God, he is, of England, Scotland, and , the

most potent, mighty and undoubted King: And thereunto we do most humbly and faithfully submit, and oblige ourselves, our Heirs, and Posterities for ever.

Resolved, That these Words, viz. " God save the King," be inserted in the End of the Proclamation.

Resolved, That the Lords Concurrence be desired herein , and that Mr. Turner go with it to the Lords.

Mr. Turner further reports, from the said Committee, the Ceremonies agreed upon, to be used in Proclaiming the King's Majesty.

Resolved, That a Copy of this Proclamation, to be signed by the Speakers of both Houses, be forthwith sent to the Lord-Mayor of the City of London.

Resolved&c. Nemine Contradicente, That the King's Majesty be desired to make his speedy Return to his Parliament, and to the Exercise of his Kingly Office.

Ordered, That it be referred to a Committee, to consider of the Manner of the King's Majesty's Return and Reception *, and of all Preparations requisite for those Ends; and of settling a Revenue for his Majesty; and of the Recovery of the Jewels and Goods belonging to his Majesty; with Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Witnesses.

Resolved, That the Members of the Council of State, who are also Members of this House, be the Committee, to whom the Consideration of this Business shall be referred i and are to fit, in the Queen's Guard-Chamber in Whitehall, Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Mr. Turner reports, that the Lords do concur with the Proclamation, as it was amehded by this House; and that the Speaker of the Lords House hath signed it *, and that the Lords have sent it to this House; and desire, that the Speaker of this House do also sign the fame.

Resolved, That this Proclamation be forthwith printed and published.

Resolved, That the Members of this House, who serve For the several Counties, Cities, and Boroughs, do take care, forthwith, to send to the Sheriffs, Mayors, Bailiffs, and other Head Officers of the Counties, Cities, and Boroughs of England and Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, for which they serve, the Proclamation for

proclaiming of the King's Majesty; to the Intent the same may be proclaimed in the respective Counties, Cities, and Boroughs *, which the several Sheriffs, Mayors, Bailiffs, and other Head Officers, are required to do with Speed accordingly.

Mr. Goodrich reports from the Committee, appointed to consider, from what Time, Proceedings shall pass under the Great Seal, in the King's Majesty's Name, the Opinion of that Committee, that all Proceedings be in his Majesty's Name, from the Fifth of , inclusive; being the Day of the Resolve of this House, " that in all Cases, where the Great Seal should be necessary to be used, all Proceedings should go in the King's Name: "

That, they knowing of no other Great Seal for the present, than That, which the House hath lately voted should remain in the Hands of the Earl of and the Commissioners j it is humbly fiibmitted to the House, by the Committee *, Whether, for the carrying on, and present Expediting of the Justice of the Kingdom, the House shall think fit That Great Seal be made use of, until further Order: — And the Lords Concurrence to be desired.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that all Proceedings be in the King's Majesty's Name, from the Fifth of May instant, inclusive *, and that in all Cases, where the Great Seal shall be necessary to be used, all Proceedings do pass accordingly.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that, for the carrying on and expediting the Justice of the Kingdom, the Great Seal, remaining in the Hands of the Earl of Manchester, and the rest of the Commissioners for Custody of the Great Seal, be made use of until further Order.

Resolved, That Use be made, in like manner, of all Seals belonging to any other Courts, till further Order; and that all Process and Proceedings in all other Courts be in the King's Majesty's Name.

Resolved, That the Lords Concurrence be desired to these Votes *, and that the Lord President of the Council of State do carry these Votes to the Lords.

Resolved, That in all Cases, where the Great Seal of Ireland shall be necessary to be used, all Proceedings shall go in the King's Name, from the Fifth of May instant, inclusive *, and that, for the carrying on and expediting the Justice of that Kingdom, the Great Seal of ,remaining in the Hands of the present Commissioners for Custody of the Great Seal of be made use of

there, until further Order and that Use be made, in like manner, of all Seals belonging to any other Courts in Ireland, till further Order; and that all Process and Proceedings, in all other Courts there, be in the King's Majesty's Name.

Resolved, &c. That the Proclamation agreed on, for proclaiming of the King's Majesty, be sent to , to be there proclaimed: And the Commissioners, for managing the Affairs of Ireland, are required to cause the same to be proclaimed accordingly.

Ordered, That the Council of State do take care for fending over the said Proclamation to , to the

Intent it may be there proclaimed accordingly:

That the Lords Concurrence be desired to these Votes; and that Mr. Annesley do carry them to the Lords.

Ordered, That Serj. Browne, Mr. , Seri.

Hales, Ld. Commissioner Widd, Mr. , Seij.

Gfyn, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Serj. Tw, do forthwith with-

draw, and prepare a Declaration, upon the Debate of the House.

Resolved, That Mr. Scobell, Mr. St. , and

all others, who have in their Hands or Custody, any Records, Books, Papers or Proceedings, belonging to the House, do forthwith deliver the same to Mr. Jeff of the Clerk of this House -, that they may be ready upon all Occasions for the Service of this House.

A Message from the Lords, by the Lord Chief Baron Wild and Mr. Justice Mallet \

Mr. Speaker, We are commanded by the Lords, to deliver unto you this Message: The Lords have appointed a Committee, of the Number of Eight Lords, to meet with a proportionable Number of this House, Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Three of the Clock, in the Prince's Chamber -, to consider of the Manner of Reception of the King's Majesty, in the best Way that may be for his Honour; and to hasten his coming.

Resolved, That this House will fend Answer to the Lords Message, by Messengers of their own.

The Messengers being again called in, Mr. Speaket gave them this Answer -,

The House have considered of the Message you . brought from the Lords *, and they will return Answer, by Messengers of their own.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Cromwell,a Member of this

House, have the Leave of this House to go into the Country, for Seven Days.

Resolved, That the Arms of the Commonwealth, which are now placed over the Speaker's Chair, be forthwith taken down *, and that the King's Majesty's Arms be set up there, instead thereof; and where-ever the Arms of the Commonwealth are set up, that they be taken down, and the King's Majesty's Arms fee up instead thereof:

E And

And Mr. Pryn is to take care to fee this Order put in Execution.

Resolved, That Sir Robert Pye, a Member of this House, have the Leave of this House to go over to the King's Majesty.

Resolved, That Mr. Thomas a Member

of this House, have the Leave of this House to go to the King's Majesty, with the Lord Fairfax.

Resolved, That the Sitting of the Committee for Privileges and Elections be adjourned, from this Day, to fit Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Three of the Clock, in the Exchequer Chamber.

Mr. Finch reports, from the Committee appointed to withdraw, to prepare a Declaration, upon the Debate of the House, a Declaration touching Acts now in Preparation to be palledj which he first read. Handing up in his Place , and afterwards was read by the Clerk.

Resolved, That these Words, " with due Care

of tender Consciences" be added, next after the Word " thereunto," in the Fifth Line:

And the said Declaration, so amended, was, upon the Question, agreed unto, and passed.

Ordered, That this Declaration be forthwith printed and published; and sent down, by the respective Members of this House, together with the Proclamation for proclaiming the King's Majesty.

Ordered, That the Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal, Members of this House, do go in their Gowns, and with the Purse, and their Mace carried before them, at the Proclaiming of the King's Majesty.

Ordered, That the Lord President of the Council of State do attend the Proclaiming of the King's Majesty; and that his Mace be carried before him; and that he go next to the Speaker of the House of Commons.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rich and Dr. Hobart, Mailers of the Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, We are commanded by the Lords to wait upon you, and to let you know, that they are ready <0 perforni the Solemnity to proclaim the King -, and desire to know, whether you be ready to accompany them:

The Messengers were again called in , and Mr. Speaker gave them this Answer;

Gentlemen, The House hath considered of your Mef-sage} and their Answer is, that they are ready likewise.

: Resolved', That the Members of this House do go.

Three and Three in a Rank, in performing the Solemnity of proclaiming the King.

The usual Subscription, upon agreeing to the Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the BUI, intituled, An Ail for removing and preventing all Questions and Dif-putes concerning the Assembling and Sitting of this present Parliament, being written by the Clerk; the same was read.

Ordered, That Mr. Pryn do carry this Bill to the

Lords, for their Assent.

Ordered, That Mr. John , a Member of this House, have the Leave of this House to go into Holland, upon his own Occasions.

Ordered, That the Lieutenant of the Tower, and Mr. Baldwin, two Members of this House, have the

Leave of this House to be absent from the Solemnity of proclaiming the King: And that they repair to the Tower, and there take Order, that the highest Expression of Joy, that can be made, be made, by shooting off the great Guns there.

Ordered, That Mr. Pryn and Mr. Turner do go to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House is ready to attend the Solemnity, of proclaiming the King.

Wednesday.) May 9th, 1660.

Prayers.

f~\Rdered, That Mr. Hugh , a Member of this House, have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

Mr. Turner reports from the Committee for Privileges and Elections, touching the double Return for the Borough of Stamford in the County of that, upon

Examination of the Fact, it appeared to the Committee, that Francis Wingfeild is duly chosen to serve in this Parliament for the said Borough, and ought to fit.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the said Mr. IVingfeild is duly chosen, and ought to fit in this House.

He also reports from the said Committee, touching the double Return for the Borough of in the County of Wilts, that, upon Examination of the Fact, it appeared to the Committee, that Eyre the younger.

Gentleman, and John Elliotare duly chosen to serve in this Parliament for the said Borough, and ought to fit.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the said Mr. Eyres and Mr. Elliot are duly chosen, and ought to fit j and that the Mayor of Downton do amend the Return; and insert the Names of the said Giles Eyre and John Elliot, instead of Mr. Fitz James and Mr. Cole, who were returned by another Indenture.

The House being informed, that the Mayor of ing-Wiccomb in die County of Bucks, and the Clerk of the Crown, were at the Door; they were called in: And the Mayor of Cheping-Wiccomb did, at die Bar of this

House, amend the Return; and insert the Name of Mr. Browne in the Indenture, instead of the Name of Mr. Scot.

The House being also informed, that the Alderman of Stamford in the County of Lincoln was at the Door; he was called in, and, being at the Bar of this House, did there amend the Return for the said Borough; and put out the Name of Mr. Weaver, and inserted the Name of Mr. Wingfeild, who was adjudged, by the House, to have Right to fit.

Resolved, That the Mayor of Wiccombe in the County of Bucks be committed to the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, until further Order; for his Abuse, in making a false Return for the said Borough.

Ordered, By the Commons assembled in Parliament, that the Arms of this Commonwealth, where-ever they are Handing, be forthwith taken down , and that the King's Majesty's Arms be set up instead thereof:

That the Lords Concurrence be desired herein j and Mr. Pryn is to carry it to the Lords.

Resolved, That the Members of this House, who lerve for the City of London, as also Alderman,

Alderman Bloudworth, Mr. Rich, Mr. Jolliffe, Alderman Frederick, Mr. Forth, and Mr. , Mem-

bers of this House, and every of them, are desired to procure as much Money as they can, towards the making up of Thirty thousand Pounds, part of the Fifty thousand Pounds ordered to be sent to his Majesty , to be forthwith remitted for his Majesty's Use, by Bills of Exchange, Letters of Credit, or such other Way as shall be moll for the Advantage of his Majesty's Service: And whatever Sum they, or any of them, shall procure to be advanced, on Bills of Exchange, Letters of Credit, or otherwise, the same shall be repaid, and made good, out of the Fifty thousand Pounds appointed for his Majesty's Use and Service.

Ordered,

12 Car. II. Journals of the House of Commons. ip

Ordered, That General Edward one of the

Generals at Sea, do observe such Commands, as the King's Majesty shall please to give him, for Disposal of the Fleet, or any Part thereof, in order to his Majesty's Return:

That the Lords Concurrence be desired herein; and Mr. Pryn is to carry it to the Lords.

Resolved, That the Lords Concurrence be desired to the Vote passed Yesterday; whereby his Majesty is desired to make his speedy Return to his Parliament; and Mr. Pryn is to carry it to the Lords.

Resolved, That the Council of State do forthwith advance the Sum of Five hundred Pounds to General Mountague., one of the Generals at Sea, on Account:

That the Lords Concurrence be desired herein; and that Mr. Amefley do carry the same to the Lords.

Ordered, That Mr. Annesley, who carried to the Lords the Resolves of this House, passed Yesterday, concerning the Great Seal; with the Desire of this House, of their Lordships Concurrence therein, do go to the Lords, and remind them of the said former Message.

Mr. Finch reports a Bill of general Pardon, Indemnity, and Oblivion; which was this Day read the first Time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read the second Time on Friday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock *, nothing to intervene: And that Mr. Speaker do put the House in mind thereof.

Mr. Pryn brings Answer from the Lords, that the Lords do fully concur with this House, in the Vote for his Majesty's speedy Return to his Parliament, and the Exercise of his Kingly Office; and to the Vote for taking down the Arms of the Commonwealth, and setting up the King's Arms instead thereof; and to the Order of the Seventh Instant, for Prayers to be made for his Majesty; and for Thanks to be given to God for his Majesty's Letters and Declarations: And that he also, according to the Commands of this House, presented to the Lords the Bill for removing and preventing all Questions and Disputes concerning the Assembling and Sitting of this present Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Orders, to which the Lords have concurred as aforesaid, be forthwith printed and published.

for his Majesty's several gracious Letters to both Houses of Parliament, and to the Commanders in Chief of the Forces, both by Land and Sea, and to the Lord-Mayor and Common-Council of the City of , together

with the Declarations inclosed, and the just and honourable Concessions therein contained; and for the hearty, loyal, and dutiful Conjunction of the Lords and Commons now assembled in Parliament; and the universal Concurrence of all the Commanders and Forces, both by. Land and Sea, to receive his Majesty into his Dominions and Government, according to their bounden Duty, and the Laws of the Land: 1 And that the Mi-nifters, upon Thursday Fortnight, be enjoined to read his Majesty's Letters and Declarations to both Houses, in their several Churches and Chapels, at the same Time.

Mr Finch also reports a Bill, for making good of Fines and Proceedings in Courts of Justice; which was v this Day read the first Time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the second Time on Friday next, after the Bill of General Pardon and Oblivion.

Mr. John Stephens reports a Bill, for establishing Mini fters settled in Ecclesiastical Livings; which was this Day read the first Time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the second Time on Saturday Morning next.

Mr. Annesley brings Answer from the Lords; First, concerning the carrying on Proceedings in Courts of Justice in Ireland, the Lords will fend Answer by MdTengers of their own:

To the Order, that General Mountague attend the Commands of the King; and to the Order for advancing Five hundred Pounds to General Mountague, the Lords do concur with this House:

To That for using of the Great Seal; they will return Answer by MdTengers of their own:

To the Order for fending the Proclamation, for proclaiming his Majesty, to Ireland, &c; the Lords do concur with this House.

Resolved, That such Bills of Exchange, Letters of Credit, or other Means, that shall be made Use of, in pursuance of, the Order of this Day, for remitting of Money to the Use of his Majesty, be delivered to Sir John Greeneville.

The Votes for Prayers to be made for his Majesty, and for Thanks to be given to God for his Majesty's Letters and Declarations, concurred unto by the Lords, is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, upon the Question, by the Lords and Commons assembled in Parliament, That all and every the Ministers, throughout the Kingdoms of England and Ireland, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, do, and are hereby required and enjoined, in their publick Prayers, to pray for the King's most excellent Majesty, by the Name of Our Sovereign Lord Charles, by the Grace of God, of England, Scotland, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c; and for the most illustrious Prince James, Duke of Torke, and the rest of the Royal Progeny.

Resolved, on the Question, by the Lords and Commons assembled in Parliament, That the Ministers, who are appointed to officiate before both I loufes upon next,

being the Day appointed for a publick Thanksgiving; and all other Ministers within the Cities of London and minster, and the late Lines of Communication, who, in their several Churches and Chapels, are to carry on the Duties of that Day; and also all other Ministers, who are, on that Day Fortnight, to perform the like Duty, throughout the Kingdom of England, and Dominion of Wales, and Town of Barwick upon; shall be, and are hereby, enjoined to return Thanks to Almighty God,

a

Resolved, That it be referred to the Members of the Council of State, who are also Members of this House, to consider of Instructions for the MdTengers, that are to go to his Majesty from this House; and to report them to this House.

Ordered, That Alderman Langham, a Member of this House, have the Leave of this House to go over to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Lewis do acquaint the Lords with the Vote of this House, appointing the Members of the Council of State, who are also Members of this House, to prepare Instructions for the MdTengers, that are to carry the Letter to the King's Majesty from this House; and to desire the Lords to appoint some of their Number to prepare Instructions for the Persons, whom they send to his Majesty; and that this House will fit Tomorrow in the Afternoon for Dispatch of this Business.

Ordered, That Mr. Mortice, Mr. Bofcawen, Mr. Francis Gerrard, Sir John Carey, Col. West, Mr. Brampfton, Seij. Maynard, Mr. Thomas Carey, Mr. Huxley, Mr. Wal-poole. Major Harley, Sir Ralph Mr. Gewen, Mr.

Cefar, Mr. Fowell, Mr. Rich. Lee, Col. Ireland, Sir Wm. Hickman, be added to the Committee of this House for Privileges and Elections.

lo Journals of the House of Commons. I

Ordered, That Dr. Reignolds, Dr. Mr. Ca-

Ittmy, Mr. Manton, Mr. Hale, and Mr. Cafe, have the

Leave of this House to attend the King's Majesty, for presenting to his Majesty an Address, in the Name of the Ministers of London: And that they have the Benefit of the publick Convoy for their Passage.

Sir Wtn. Lewis reports, that he had acquainted the Lords with the Message sent by him from this House: And that the Lords have named Twelve of their House, to be a Committee, to prepare Instructions for those that are to go with the Letter to his Majesty from the Lords *, and that they desire a proportionable Number of the Members of this House to meet with them at Three of the Clock this Afternoon , and that the Lords intend to fit Tomorrow in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Ld. Gen. Monck, Mr. Perrepont, Mr. Crew, Col. Rojfeter, Mr. Col.

Col. Morley, Ld. Fairfax, Sir Anthony Ashley Cooper, Sir Gilb. Gerrard, Ld. Commissioner Sir John

Evelyn of Wilts, Sir Wtn. Waller, Sir Rich. Onslow, Sir Wtn. Lewis, Gen. Mount ague. Col. Harley, Col. Norton, Mr. Armefley, Mr. Holies, Sir John Temple, Mr. Trevor, Sir John Holland, Col. Birch, be a Committee, to meet with the said Committee of the Lords, at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Queen's Guard-Chamber in Whitehall; for the preparing of Instructions for the Messengers, that are to go to his Majesty.

The House being informed, that the Clerk of the Crown, and the Mayor of Downton in the County of Wilts, were at the Door, to amend the Return, and to insert the Names of Giles Eyres the younger, and John Elliot, in the Indenture, instead of Mr. and

Mr. Cole; they were called in to the Bar of this House; where the Mayor amended the Return, and inserted the said Names accordingly.

This House adjourns itself till Tomorrow at Four of the Clock in the Afternoon.

'Thu.rfday^ May 10th, 1660, Afternoon.

fXRdered, That Mr. Price have the Thanks of this House, for his great Pains taken in* his Sermon preached before this House, this Day, being a Day set apart for Publick Thanksgiving *, and that he be desired to print his Sermon , and that he have the like Privilege in printing thereof, as hath been given to others, in like Cafes.

Ordered, That Cpl. Knight do give him the Thanks of this House accordingly.

Ordered, That the Committee for Privileges and Elections haveLeave tofitTo-morrowintheAfternoon.

Mr. Recorder of London reports Amendments to the Bill for an Assessment of Seventy thousand Pounds by the Month, to be set upon England, for Three Months, to commence from the Twenty-fourth Day of June, 1660; which were twice read, and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The Names of Commissioners for the Assessment, being, according to former Order, delivered in by the respective Members of Parliament, were reported, and in part read: And Ordered, that this House proceed in reading the same Tomorrow Morning the first Business , nothing to intervene.

Mr. Annejley reports, from die Committee, Instructions to be given to Aubery Earl of Oxford, and other the Members of both Houses of Parliament, nominated to carry the Letters to his Majesty from both Houses of Parliament which Instructions were read, and, upon the Question, agreed unto, and ordered to be the Instructions to be observed by them.

Ordered, That the Lords Concurrence be desired to these Instructions , and that Capt. Skerhard go with them to the Lords.

Mr. Auneflcy, Lord President of the Council of State, reports from the Committee of Lords and Commons fitting in the Queen's Guard-Chamber at Whitehall, that both Houses will please to give their Directions concerning the Time of the Return of the Committee, who are to be sent to his Majesty.

Resolved, That it be left to the Committee, who are to go over to the King's Majesty from this House, to return back again at such time as they shall receive a Dif-mission from his Majesty.

Whereas, in pursuance of the Order of this House, there is paid to Sir John Greenville, by Alderman John Robinson, towards the Fifty thousand Pounds ordered to be prefer.ted to the King's Majesty, the Sum of Four thousand Five hundred Pounds in ready Gold, for the Uleof his Majesty; and also a Letter of Credit is delivered him, subscribed by John Langham, the said Alderman John Robinson, Wiliam Vincent, Thomas Riche, and Thomas Bloudworth, Esquires, for the Sum of Twenty-five thousand Pounds Sterling, to be paid at Amsterdam on Sight, being also for his Majesty's Use, and in further Part of the Lid Fifty thousand Pounds:

Ordered, That the said Sum of Four thousand Five hundred Pounds be, in the first Place, repaid to the said Alderman Robinson, and, next after That, the said other Sum of Twenty-five thousand Pounds, to the said John Langham, Alderman John Robinson, William Thomas Riche, and Thomas Bloudworth, Esquires, out of the first Moneys that shall be advanced by the City of London, upon the Credit of the Ordinance for Three Months Assessments.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given unto the said John Langham, Alderman John Robinson, Wm. Vincent, Thomas Rich, and Thomas Bloudworth, Esquires, Members of this House, for their great Forwardness to advance this Service.

Mr. Speaker, accordingly, gave them the Thanks of this House, as followeth: viz.

Gentlemen, The House takes notice of your Forwardness and Readiness to engage your Credits for the Furtherance of this great Service; wherein the Welfare and Happiness of this Kingdom is so much concerned i And I am commanded to return you their very hearty Thanks for it.

Mr. Aunefley, Lord President of the Council of State, reports from the Council of State, that, as hath been communicated to the Council of State, the Commissioners for the Admiralty and Navy, the Committee for the Army, the Commissioners for the Revenue, the Commissioners for the Customs and Excise, and all other Officers relating to the Revenue, Army and Navy, who have acted betwixt the Fifteenth of March, and the Twenty-fifth of April last past, are obstructed in purluing the Duties of their respective Places, through a Doubt and Dilsatisfaction, whether, in this Juncture of Affairs, they may lawfully and safely aft upon their former Powers; by means whereof the publick Service is hindered , and a Dilbrder and Prejudice is like to ensue, in the Receipts of the Publick Revenue, if a timely Remedy be not applied and that therefore the Parliament is humbly moved to take such Course therein, as they shall in their Wisdom think fit.

He also reports, that, as the Council of State is informed, there is a great Obstruction in the Proceedings of the Mint at the Tower, to the Prejudice of his Majesty's and Kingdoms Service; in regard they have not yet received Direction, concerning the Stamp that shall be used for Coining of Money there , and that the Council are notable to answer the Parliament's Orders for Monies, through the want of Direction about the using of the Great Seal: Which is humbly submitted to the Parliament's Consideration for their Direction therein.

Resolved, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to desire from this House a Conferrence with the Lords touching the Business of the Great Seal , and that Mr. Pryn do carry this Message to the Lords.

Resolved, That a Declaration be prepared for directing the Commissioners of the Admiralty and Navy, the Committee for the Army, the Commissioners of the Customs and Excise, and all other Officers relating to the Revenue, Army, and Navy, to proceed in their several Places, as formerly, till further Order.

Ordered, That Mr. Perrepon, Mr. , Seij.

Hales, Sir Wm. Lewis, Mr. , Mr. Charlton, Mr.

Rainsford, Mr. Pryn, or any Two of them, be a Committee, to prepare the said Declaration and to bring it in Tomorrow.

Mr. Pryn brings Answer from the Lords, that the Lords are ready to give a Conference forthwith, in tire Prince's Lodgings, about the Great Seal.

Ordered, That the Lord President, Mr. Boynton, Mr. Finch, Mr. Pryn, and Sir Wm. Lewis, be the Committee to manage the Conference with the Lords, about the Buli-ness of the Great Seal, upon the present Debate of this House.

Resolved, That the Sum of Five thousand Pounds be sent to the Duke of Torke ', and the like Sum of Five thousand Pounds to the Duke of Gloucester; for their present Supply and Accommodation: And that the

Council of State do prepare an Instruction for that Purpose accordingly.

Sir Richard Temple carries to the Lords the Order of this House of the Fifth of May instant, touching the Stopping of Wastes, and flaying of Rents on the Lord Craven's, Sir John Stowe IPs, and Alderman Bunce's Estates.

Resolved, That the Scots Colours, taken at Dunbar and Worcester, and now hanging up in

be forthwith taken down: And that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do fee them taken down accordingly.

Mr. Annejley reports from the Committee, appointed to consider of the Manner of the King's Return and Reception, and of Preparations requisite to those Ends; that whereas divers Persons, who have Lodgings in Whitehall, do keep their Chambers locked, and sometimes go out of Town, and carry the Keys with them, having divers of the King's Goods and Furniture in their Chambers, which cannot be come at, unless their Doors be broken open: Whereupon it is humbly reported to the House, that they will be pleased to give Direction in this Particular; as also in Removing, out of Whitehall, all Persons whatsoever that are there, which do not necefla-rily attend upon the Council , to the End the Surveyor may forthwith go in hand with the Repairs.

Ordered, That, where any Persons, who have Lodgings in Whitehall, do keep their Chambers locked, and, going out of Town, carry the Keys with them, by means whereof the Goods and Furniture there, belonging to the King's Majesty, cannot be come at, the Doors of such Chambers be, in such Case, broke open: And that all Persons whatsoever, who have Lodgings in and do not necessarily attend upon the Council, be forthwith removed out of WhitehallAnd that the Council of State take Order, that this be put in Execution:

That the Lords Concurrence be desired herein.

Mr. Annejley reports, from the Committee appointed to consider of the Manner of the King's Return, and Reception, and of Preparations requisite to those Ends, Three Lists of Things necessary to be provided for his Majesty's Service , viz.

I. Things necessary to be provided for his Majesty's Service, and his Brothers the Dukes of Torke and Gloucester.

A rich Bed, to be of Velvet, either embroidered with Gold, or laced, and lined with Cloth of Silver or Sattin, as shall be best approved of} with a high Chair of State,

Two high Stools, One Foot-Stool, and two Cuffiions; all suitable to the Bed.

Two great Quilts or Matreflcs of Sattin, liiitable to the Lining of the Bed.

Two thick Fustian Quilts, to lie under the Sattin Quilts; One Down Bolster; One Pair of Fustian Blankets, and One Pair of Spanish Blankets.

One Close-Stool, suitable to the Bed.

Six Pair of Holland Sheets, having Twenty-four Ells of Holland in a Pair, at Ten Shillings, Eleven Shillings, or Twelve Shillings the Ell.

Two Beds more, for the King's Majesty, to be Removing Beds, either of Scarlet Cloth, or of Velvet; all lined with Sattin; and all Necefluries to each Bed as to the former Bed, except Sheets.

And for the present, Two Beds, of the like Goodnels, to be made for the Duke of Torke, and the Duke of Gloucester; with all Particulars as the others , and Six Pair cf Sheets for each of the Dukes Beds.

For the present, Twenty large Pallet Beds, w'ith Bolsters; Twenty large Tapestry Counterpaints; Twenty Pair of good large Blankets; f orty Pair of good Holland Sheets, of Eighteen Ells in each Pair, being of Holland of Three Shillings and Six Pence per Ell, for those Beds.

Twenty good double yellow Ground Carpets, of Turky making , and Six Hides i Six Cart Canvafles.

There must be provided also Tenter-Hooks, Hammers, Tacks, and such like Necessaries for the Wardrobe.

For Table Linen for his Majesty, Twelve Damask Table Cloths, for his Majesty's own Table; as many Towels , and Six Napkins for every Table Cloth: The like for each Duke, if they eat asunder; but if they eat together, half the Proportion.

f or other Diets for the Great Lords, though Table Linen was allowed them, yet they used their own Linen.

Inferior Diets had Holland or Flaxen Table Cloths, but no Napkins.

A rich Coach also, the Inside crimson Velvet, richly laced and fringed , Liveries for Two Coachmen, and Two Postilions, suitable; the Footmen should have Liveries, and Coats suitable.

II. A Particular of what is at present necessary to be provided for his Majesty's Service, humbly offered to the Consideration of this Honourable Board.

Two Coaches; the one for Travelling, the other to be a rich One.

Two Set of Coach Horses.

Liveries for Two Coachmen, Two Postilions, Six Grooms, and Ten Footmen.

Two rich Saddles for the great Horse.

Six Pad-Saddles.

Four Sumpter Horses, and Cloaths to them.

Two Horses for the great Saddle.

Provisions of all Sorts to be laid into the Mewes, against his Majesty's coming.

III. A Memorial of Flags, &c. for the Fleet.

<A Standard A Jack An Ensign.

A Suit of Pendants. Waft Cloths.

A rich Barge, of the we have, of Standard.

Vice Admiral. ( Flags.

Naseby.

Silk.

Scarlet.

lame Dimenfton as this Thirty-three Foot , with a

Silk.

i Jacks. ——

Ensigns. ——

A Suit of good Kersey Waft Cloths.

In most of the Frigats there will need the King*s Arms, either carved, or in painted Cloth.

Carvers, Painters, and a Glazier, for every Flag Ship, will be necessary.

F

The

22 Journals of the House of Commons. A. 1660.

The General's Cabbin to be new glazed with square Glass.

Wardrobe-Men and Upholsterers to be brought down:

Mr. Kcr.ncrf.rj will be very useful to confer with, about what is necessary herein.

Beale's Galley, and a Standard.

Beale and Simpfan, and a choice Noise of Trumpets.

Singleton's Musick.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the Particulars, contained in the Three Lifts now presented, be forthwith provided and furnished for the Service and Accommodation of his Majesty.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Council of State, to cause the same to be provided and furnished accordingly: And that they are impowered to charge any Part of the publick Revenue, for raising of Moneys to pay for the fame.

Mr. Annejlej reports, that the Committee have had a Conference with the Lords, about the Business of the Great Seal; and that they have heard the Reasons offered by the Committee, and have given Answer, that they will take them into Consideration; and send to this House thereupon. Tomorrow.

Capt. Sherrards brings Answer from the Lords, " that they have considered of your Message, touching the In-ltructior.s to be given to the Persons, appointed to carry the-Letter to the King* from this House; and will fend Answer by Messengers of their own."

Sir Richard Temple brings Answer from the Lords, that the Lords do agree to the Order, touching the Lord Craven, Sir John Stowell', and Alderman

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Glascock and Mr. Giles, Two of the Matters of the Chancery,

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have considered of the Instructions to be given to the Persons, who are to carry Letters to the King from both Houses *, and which were transmitted to them from this House; and they do agree to the said Instructions, with some Alterations.

The said Instructions, with the Alterations made by the Lords, were read, and were as followeth; viz.

Instructions for Auhery Earl of Oxford, Charles Earl of Warwick, Lyonell Earl of Middlesex, Leycester Viscount Hereford, George Lord Berkley, Robert Lord Brooke, the Lord Herbert, the Lord Mande-vile, the Lord Bruce, the Lord Cafileton, the Lord Falkland, the Lord Fairfax, Denzel Holies Esquire, Sir Horatio Townefend, Sir John Holland, Sir Anthony Ashley Cooper, Sir Geo. Booth, and Sir Henry Cholmeley:

You are to begin your Journey towards his Majesty on Friday next , and make a speedy Repair to such Place, where his Majesty shall be; and humbly to present the Letters, wherewith you are respectively intrusted by both Houses of Parliament.

You are to acquaint his Majesty, with what great Joy and Acclamation he was proclaimed in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, upon the Eighth Day of May instant; and present the Proclamation itself unto his Majesty , and to acquaint him with the Orders of both Houses, to have the same proclaimed throughout the Kingdoms of England and Ireland, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon; and that

both Houses have ordered, that all and every the Mi-nifters, throughout the Kingdoms of England and Ireland, be injoined, in their publick Prayers, to pray for his most Excellent Majesty, and for the most Illustrious Prince James Duke of Yorke, and the rest of the Royal Progeny; and all'o that they have ordered, that the assumed Anns of the late pretended Commonwealth, where-ever they are Handing, be taken down , and that his Majesty's Arms be set up instead thereof: And you are to commu-

nicate to his Majesty the Resolutions of both Houses, relating to this Instruction.

You are to acquaint his Majesty with the earnest Desire of both Houses, that his Majesty will be pleased to make a speedy Return to his Parliament, and to the Exercise of his Kingly Office; and that, in order thereunto, both Houses have given Directions to General Mountague, one of the Generals at Sea, and other Officers of the Fleet, to observe such Commands, as his Majesty shall please to give him or them, for Disposal of the Fleet, in order to his Majesty's Return; and you are to communicate to his Majesty the Resolutions of both Houses relating to this Instruction.

That the Committee, from both Houses, do beseech his Majesty, that they may know where he purpose th to take Shipping, and to land at his coming over; that Preparation may be made for his Reception; and which of his Majesty's Houses he intendeth to make use of at his first coming to London; and whether he will come all the Way by Land, after he comes on Shore; or whether he will please to come by Water from Gravesend to London; and that his Majesty will declare in what Manner he is pleased to be received.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the Amendments to these Instructions, as they came from the Lords.

The Messengers were again called in; and Mr. Speaker gave them this Answer,

Gentlemen, The House have considered of your Message; and they will immediately return an Answer by Messengers of their own.

Ordered, That the Lord President do go with a Message to the Lords; that this House doth agree with the Lords, to the Instructions, with the Amendments, as they came from the Lords.

Friday, I i,h May, 1660.

Prayers.

IDEfolved, That Colonel Thomas Harrison, who is now in the Custody of some Officers and Soldiers, under Command of Colonel John Bowyer, in the County of Stafford, be forthwith sent up hither; and that he be delivered by the Officers and Soldiers, who have him in Custody, to the Charge of such Person or Persons, as shall be appointed by the Lord General to receive him: And the Lord General is desired to appoint such Officer or Officers, as he shall think fit, to receive him, and bring him in lafe Custody accordingly.

Ordered, That the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds be sent to the Duke of York, from this House, to supply his present Occasions; and that the said Ten thousand Pounds, and the Five thousand Pounds to be sent to the Duke of Gloucester, by this House, be charged upon the

Security of the Bill of Aftcftment of Seventy thousand Pounds by the Month: And that the Gentlemen, Members of this House, to whom it was referred to take care for providing the Fifty thousand Pounds for his Majesty, do take care for the speedy providing the said Fifteen thousand Pounds, and fending the same over to the Duke of Yorke, and Duke of Gloucester, respectively, accordingly: And that the Committee, who go to his Majesty from this House, do acquaint his Majesty, and the said Dukes, therewith.

Ordered, That all and every the Persons, who are now in Possession of the Mewes, be forthwith removed, and forthwith leave the Possession thereof; and that the same be cleared for his Majesty's Service: And the Serjeant at Arms is hereby required to take care, to lee this Order put in Execution; and to break open the Doors, in case of any Resistance: And that he have the same Power, as he had given him for clearing of

Ordered, That the Letter to his Majesty, and the In-structions from this House, be delivered to Mr. Holies:

Mr.

Mr. Holies came to the Clerk's Table; and the same were there delivered him by Mr. Speaker accordingly.

Mr. Annejley reports from the Council of State, touching the Monies given for Relief of the poor Protestants in Piedmont, as followeth: Whereas, in pursuance of an

Order of Parliament of the Twenty-ninth of July 1659, there hath been paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, by Thomas Viner and Christopher Pack, Aldermen of the City of London, Treasurers for the Monies collected for the Relief of the Protestants of Piedmont and Poland, Seven thousand Nine hundred Seventy-eight Pounds Eight Shillings Nine-pence, out of the Monies which hath come in, upon the said Collection; which said Sum of Seven thousand Nine hundred Seventy-eight Pounds Eight Shillings Nine-pence was so paid into the said Receipt, for Supply of the publick Necessities of the Commonwealth: And whereas several Orders of the Council have been issued to the Receipt of Exchequer, for the paying back again of the said Sum of Seven thousand Nine hundred Seventy-eight Pounds unto the said Aldermen; to be employed and disposed of by them, for the Uses to which the said Monies were given: But hitherto there hath not been any Monies paid out of the said Receipt upon that Account, by reason that many Warrants, which are charged upon the Treasury there, for other publick Uses, have taken up the whole Treasure: — Whereupon he moved for the further Order and Direction of this House therein; and how a speedy Payment may be made of the said Monies, for the Use of the said poor Protestants, out of the Receipt of the Exchequer, or otherwise.

Resolved, That the Sum of Seven thousand Nine hundred Seventy and Eight Pounds Eight Shillings Nine-pence, heretofore paid into the Receipt of the publick Exchequer, of the Monies collected for the Relief of the poor Protestants of Piedmont and Poland, be paid, at the said Receipt of Exchequer, unto Alderman Tyner, and Alderman Pack, Treasurers for the said Money, out of such Monies as shall come into the said Receipt, upon the Moiety of the Excise, at the Rate of Two thousand Pounds by the Month, till the Whole be satisfied. And this House doth declare their Detestation and Abhorrence of the Diversion of the said Money from the charitable Uses, to which it was originally intended.

Ordered, That all and every such Sum and Sums, Part of the Money heretofore collected for the Relief of the poor Protestants of Piedmont and Poland respectively, as remains in the Hands of any the Sheriffs or Collectors, be forthwith paid, by such Sheriffs and Collectors, to the Hands of Alderman Thomas Vy, and Alderman Christopher Pack, Treasurers for the said Collection Monies: And that it be referred to the Council of State, to fee this Order put in Execution.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Glajcock and Mr. Giles, Two Matters of Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have lately received an Act-dress, to them directed, from the Commissioners employed for the Kingdom of Ireland; which they have considered of, and agreed to; and desire the Concurrence of this House therein:

Which Address was read, and was in these Words; viz.

The humble Address of the Commissioners, employed for the Kingdom of to the Right Honourable the Lords assembled in Parliament:

That in Regard his Majesty's late Letters and Declarations, to both Houses of Parliament, do not at all mention Ireland, or any the Concernments of that Kingdom; which, by reason of the fad Consequences of the late bloody Rebellion there, hath been call into great Disorder and Confusion; and so doth necessarily require speedy and healing Provisions and Remedies;

That therefore your Lordships may be pleased favourably to afford your Assistance and Concurrence in their Addresses to his Majesty by Commissioners from Ire-

l

land, for the calling and holding a Parliament there as formerly, for Remedy of the unsettled Condition of that Kingdom.

The like humble Address of the Commissioners, employed for the Kingdom of Ireland, to the Honourable the Commons, assembled in the Parliament of England, was read.

Resolved, That this House doth concur with the Lords, and agree to, and approve of, the said Address from the Commissioners employed for the Kingdom of Ireland.

The Messengers being again called in, Mr. Speaker gave them this Answer;

Gentlemen, The House hath considered of your Mef-sage; and they do concur with the Lords.

Mr. Raynsford reports, from the Committee appointed to prepare a Declaration for the Officers of Revenue, Army, and Navy, to proceed in the Execution of their Places, a Declaration to that Effect; which the Reporter first read in his Place; and the same was after read by the Clerk; and, after feme Amendments at the Table, was, upon the Question, agreed unto, and passed.

Ordered, That the Lords Concurrence be desired to the said Declaration; and that Mr. Rainsford do carry it to the Lords.

The House this Day, according to former Order, proceeded in reading the Names of Commissioners for the Assessments of Seventy thousand Pounds, for Three Months, to commence from the Twenty-fourth Day of June 1660.

Mr. Rainsford reports, that he had delivered the Mef-sage from this House to the Lords; and the Declaration for carrying on the Affairs of the Revenue, Army, and Navy; and that the Lords do fully concur therein.

The Declaration is as followeth:

The Lords and Commons assembled in Parliament do hereby order and declare; that all Commissioners of the Admiralty and Navy, the Committee for the Army, the Commissioners for Appeals, and Regulation of Excise and Customs, the Commissioners for the Customs and Excise, the Commissioners for the monthly Assessments, and all other Commissioners, Committees, and Officers whatsoever, relating to the Excise, or any other Part of the Revenue, or to the Army, or.Navy, that were in Office and Employment the Twenty-fifth Day of April 1660, shall, and are hereby authorized and required to, proceed forthwith in the Execution of their respective Commissions, Offices, and Employments; and shall exercise the lame, in the King's Majesty's Name and Style, according to the respective Powers, Authorities, and Instructions to them, or any of them, formerly given, or mentioned to be given, and in being, the said Twenty-fifth Day of April 1660, until further Order.

A Message from the Lords, by and Mr.

rington;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to desire your Concurrence, touching the - Amendment of an Order for the Duke of Buckingham, by inferring into it the Year 1648, instead of the Year 1651.

The Messengers were again called in; and Mr, Speaker gave them this Answer;

Gentlemen, The House hath considered of your Mefe sage; and will return Answer by Messengers of their own.

Ordered, That Mr. Ransford and Mr. Pryn do look over the Order touching the Duke of Buckingham; and give an Account thereof to this House, Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That all Acts, Ordinances, Journal^ Records, Books, Papers, or Proceedings, belonging to this

House,

Hoi:ft', or concerning the lame, or the Proceedings thereof, as well in the Time it ailed as a single House, as before, which are now in the Custody of Henry Esquire, The mas St. Nicholas Esquire, or any others, or

that hath come to the Hands of the said Mr. or Mr. St. Nicholas, or either of them, as Clerks of this House, be forthwith delivered to JVm. JeJfop Esquire, now Clerk of this House; to be kept among the Records of this House.

Saturday, 12th May, 1660.

Prayers.

THE House, this Day, proceeded in reading the Names of Commissioners for the Assessment of Seventy thousand Pounds by the Month, for Three Months (reported as Amendments) the Second Time; which, being read, were agreed unto.

Resolved, That the Day for paying in the Three Months Allllfinents to the Receiver General be so timely, as the whole Sum may be paid in, to the Receiver General, at or before the First Day of Aug next. Resolved, That this Bill, thus amended, be ingrafted. '

Mr. Pryn acquaints the House, that there is an Offer made of a Discovery of Two hundred thousand Pounds, due to, and concealed from, the Commonwealth.

Ordered, That Mr. Pryn, Alderman Frederick, Alderman Robinson , Mr. Rich, Col. Gorges, Mr. Spry, Mr.

Jolliffe, Col. Boivyer, Major General Browne, or any Three of them, be a Committee to receive and examine the said Discovery: And they are to meet this Afternoon in the Inner Court of Wards , and to adjourn from Time to Time, and Place and Place, as they shall see Cause: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Witnesses, and what else may conduce to this Business.

Ordered, That it be referred to Mr. Ann fey, Serj. Maynard, Mr. Pryn, Serj. Glyn, and Mr. Turner, forthwith to withdraw, and prepare the Draught of an Order for quickening the Commissioners, for the monthly Assessments, to proceed effectually for the getting in of die Monies due and unpaid, upon the Act for Six Months Assessments, commencing from the Twenty-fifth of December last; and to report it to the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Glascock and Mr. Giles, Mailers of the Chancery,

Mr. Speaker, Upon die Address made to the Lords from the Commissioners for the Kingdom of Ireland, their Lordships have pafifed this Order, wherein they desire the Concurrence of this House; — and therewith delivered in the Order, made by the Lords; which Order was read, and was in these Words; viz.

Upon the humble Address of the Commissioners, employed from the Kingdom of Ireland, shewing, that in regard his Majesty's Letters and Declarations, to both Houses of Parliament, do not at all mention Ireland, or any the Concernments of that Kingdom; which, by rca-lon of the fad Consequences of the late bloody Rebellion there, hath been call into great Difordr and Confusion; and so doth necessarily require speedy and healing Provisions and Remedies; and therefore desiring the Assistance and Concurrence of the Houses to his Majesty, for the Calling and Holding of a Parliament there, as formerly, for Remedy of the unsettled Condition of that Kingdom: It is Ordered, by the Lords and Commons in Parliament assembled, that it be offered and presented, and it is hereby offered and presented, as the Advice and Desire of the Parliament, that his Majesty may be gracicufly pleased, upon the Repair of Commissioners to him from that Kingdom, with all convenient Speed to call a Parliament in Ireland, to con Act of Protestant Peers and Commons, as being the most visible Means for the regulating and settling of the respective Interests in that unsettled Kingdom.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth concur with the Lords in this Order.

The Messengers being again called in, Mr. Speaker gave them this Answer;

Gentlemen, The House have considered of the Order you brought from the Lords; and they do concur with die Lords therein.

An Act of General Pardon, Indemnity, and Oblivion, was this Day read the Second Time.

Some Votes in the Journal of the Twelfth of December 1650, concerning the Trial of the late King, were read.

A Journal, intituled, A Journal of the Proceedings of the High Court of Justice, erected by Act of the Commons of England, intituled, An Act of the Commons assembled in Parliament, for erecting of a High Court of Justice, for the Trying and Judging of Charles Stewart, King cf England, was read.

Divers Members of this House, now prefect, who were named Commissioners in the said Act, did severally express, how far they were concerned in the said Proceedings, and their Sense thereupon.

Some Exception was taken to some Words spoken by Mr. Lenthall,a Member of this House, in the Debate

of the Bill of General Pardon, to the Eftedl following; viz. " He that first drew his Sword agaicfl the King, committed as high an Offence, as he that cut off the King's Head

Mr. Lenthall, standing up in his Place, explained himself; and withdrew.

The Question being propounded, that Mr. Lenthall be called to the Bar; and diere receive the Rcprchension of this House;

And the Question being put, that tin's Question be now put;

It passed with the Affirmative:

And the main Question being put; it was

Resolved, That Mr. Lenthall be called to the Bar; and there receive the Represension of the House.

The Serjeant, with his Mace, went to Mr. Lenthall, who was withdrawn into the Speaker's Chamber, and brought him to the Bar of this House; who there kneeling, Mr. Speaker bid him rife; and after, according to the Order of the House, gave him a sharp Represension, to the Eftedl following:

Mr. Lenthall, The House hath taken very great Offence at some Words you have let fall, upon Debate of this Business, of the Bill of Indemnity; which, in the Judgment of this House, hath as high a Refiedlion on the Justice and Proceedings of the Lords and Commons, in the last Parliament, in their Adtings before 1648, as could be expressed. They apprehend there is much of Poison in the Words; and that they were spoken out of Design to set this House on Fire; they tending to render them, that drew the Sword to bring Delinquents to condign Punishment, and to vindicate their just Liberties, into Balance with Them, that cut off the King's Head; of which Act they express their Abhorrence and Detestation; appealing to God, and their Conscience bearing them Witness, that they had no Thoughts against his Person, much less against his Life. Therefore I am commanded to let you know, that, had these Words fallen out at any other Time, but in this Parliament; or at any Time in this Parliament, but when they had Considerations of Mercy, Pardon, and Indemnity, you might have expected a sharper and severer Sentence than I am now to pronounce: But the Disposition of his Majesty is to Mercy; he hath invited his People to accept it; and it is the Disposition of the Body of this House, to be Healers of Breaches, and to hold forth Mercy to Men of all Conditions, so far as may stand with Ju slice, and the Justification of themselves before God and Man: I am therefore commanded to let you know, that That being their Dispolidon, and the present Subject of this Day's Debate being Mercy, you shall therefore taste of Mercy; yet I am to give you a sharp Represension; and I do as

sharply

sharply and severely as I can (for so I am commanded) represend you for it.

Resolved, That the Debate of this Bill, of General Pardon and Oblivion, be adjourned until Monday Morning next, at Eight of Clock, the first Business.

The House being informed, that the Lord,

being elected to serve as Knight of the Shire for the County of Monmouth, and as a Burgess for the Borough of Wootton Buffet in the County of Wilts, makes Choice

to serve for the County of , and waves his

Election for the Borough of Wootton aforesaid;

Ordered, That a new Writ be ifilled for the Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Wootton Basset aforesaid; and that Mr. Speaker do fend his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, for the Ifiuing of a new Writ for the Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Wootton Basset: And the Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal, or any Two'of them, are hereby required to issue out and pass the same under the Great Seal accordingly.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr. rington, Two of the Mailers of Chancery4,

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire your Concurrence to an Order for preventing the demolishing or defacing of, or committing of Waites in, the King's Houses, Woods, and Lands; wherein they desire the Concurrence of this House: And therewith delivered an Order from the Lords; which Order was read.

Ordered, That this Order be referred to the Committee, to whom it is referred to consider of a Revenue to be settled on the King's Majesty; to consider of it, and report their Opinion therein to this House.

The Messengers were again called in; and Mr. Speaker gave them this Answer;

Gentlemen, The House hath considered of the Order that you have brought from the Lords; and they will return you Answer by Messengers of their own*

Ordered, That the Bills for Confirmation of Sales, and touching Religion, be proceeded in by this House, in Course, next after the Bill of General Pardon, Indemnity, and Oblivion.

The House adjourns itself until Monday Morning next. Eight of the Clock.

Monday, May 14th, 16601

Prayers.

fXRdered, That the Letter, sent to his Majesty from this House, in Answer of his Majesty's gracious Letter to this House, be forthwith printed and published.

Mr. Turner reports from the Committee for Privileges and Elections, touching the double Return for the Borough of St. Edmond?s Bury in the County of Suffolk, that, upon Examination of the Fact, the Committee are of Opinion, that Mr. Chaplyn and Mr. Clarke, who are returned by one Indenture, ought not to fit; and that Sir Henry Crofts and Sir John Buncombe Knights, mentioned in the other Indenture, are duly elected, and ought to fit.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the said Sir Henry Crofts and Sir John combe are duly elected; and that they do fit in this House: And that the Indenture, signed by the Inhabitants of that Borough, whereby the said Mr. Chaplin and Mr. Clarke are returned, be withdrawn, and taken off the File: And that the Alderman of the said Borough, with the Clerk of the Crown, be sent for, to attend for the amending of the Return accordingly.

He also reports from the said Committee, touching the

dpuble Return for the Borough of Maldon in the County ‘of Essex, that, upon Examination of the Fact, the Committee are of Opinion, that, as to the double Return of Henry Mildmay Esquire, and Edward Esquire, by

several Indentures, the Election is void.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the Election, as to the said Henry Mildmay and Edward Herris, is void.

Ordered, That a new Writ be issued for the Election of one Burgess to serve in this present Parliament (together with Mr. Counyers, who is duly elected) for the Borough of Maldon aforesaid; and that Mr. Speaker do fend his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, for the Ifiuing of a new Writ for the Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Borough: And that the Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal, or any Two of them, are hereby required to issue out and pass the same under the Great Seal accordingly.

Mr. Edward Herle, being elected to serve as Burgess for the Borough of Fowey, and also as Burgess for the Borough of Kellington, both in the county of ,

makes Choice to serve for the Borough of Fowey aforesaid, and waves his Election for the Borough of Killing-ton aforesaid.

Ordered, That a new Writ be issued for the Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Kellington aforesaid; and that Mr. Speaker do fend his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, for the Ifiuing of a new Writ for the Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Borough: And that the Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal, or any of them, are hereby required to issue out and pals the same under the Great Seal accordingly.

Mr. Thomas Moore, being elected to serve as Burgess for the Borough of Heytejlury in the County of Wilts, and as Burgess for the Borough of Lyme Regis in the County of Borfet, makes Choice to serve for the Borough of Heytesbury, and waves his Election for the Borough of Lyme Regis aforesaid.

Ordered, That a new Writ be issued for the Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lyme Regis aforesaid; and that Mr. Speaker do fend his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, for the Ifiuing of i new Writ for the Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Borough: And that the Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal, or any Two of them, are hereby required to issue out and pals the same under the Great Seal accordingly.

Sir Thomas Widdrington, one of the Lords Commife sioners of the Great Seal, being elected to serve as a Citizen for the City ,of Torke, and as a Burgess for the Borough of Berwick upon Tweed, makes Choice to serve for the City of Torke, and waves his Election for the Borough of Berwick aforesaid.

Ordered, That a new Writ be issued for the Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Berwick upon Tweed aforesaid; and that Mr. Speaker do fend his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, for the Ifiuing ol a hew Writ for the Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Borough: And that the Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal, or any of them, are hereby required to issue out arid pass the faine under the Great Seal accordingly.

Resolved, That all ‘thole Persons, who fat in Judgment Upon the late King's Majesty, when the Sentence was pronouriced for his Condemnation, be forthwith secured.

Resolved, That Mr. John Cooke, Andrew,

John Phelpes, and Edward Bendy, be forthwith secured.

Resolved, That those Two Persons, who were employed for the Execution of his late Majesty, be secured.

Resolved, That Mathew, who'gloried, " that he was an Instrument in the Execution of his late Majesty, G and

and that he had a Reward of Three hundred Pounds for it," be forthwith secured.

Resolved, That Comet Joice, who seized upon the Person of his late Majesty at Holmeby, be forthwith secured.

Resolved, That a List of the Names of those Persons, who fat in Judgment upon the late King's Majesty, and are, by an Order of this Day, to be secured, be delivered to the Serjeant at Arms attending this House: And all Officers, both Civil and Military, are required to give Assistance to the said Serjeant, his Deputy, and Deputies, in the securing of those Persons, and such other Persons, as are this Day ordered to be secured.

Resolved, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do forthwith take care to secure all the said Persons accordingly.

Resolved, That Mr. Vtlliers, alias who hath

fat this present Parliament in this House, as a Member thereof, be summoned to attend Tomorrow Morning, to answer the Charge, which was this Day offered against him: And that Col. Eyre do then attend to make good the Charge.

Resolved, That Mr. John Cwho is now in Custody in Ireland, be forthwith sent over hither in safe

Custody.

The Question being propounded, that the Number of Seven, o? those who fat in Judgment upon the late King's Majesty, when Sentence was given, be the Number who shall be excepted, for Life and Estate, out of the Act of General Pardon and Oblivion:

And the Question being put, that this Question be now put;

It passed with the Affirmative:

And the main Question being put; it was

Resolved, That me Number of Seven, of those who fat in Judgment, when Sentence was given upon the late King's Majesty, be the Number who shall be excepted, for Life and Estate, out of the Act of General Pardon and Oblivion.

Resolved, That the Debate of this Bill, of General Pardon and Oblivion, be adjourned until Tomorrow, at Eight of the Clock.

A Message from the Lords, by Dr. and Mr. bart, Two Matters of the Chancery j Mr. Speaker, The Lords have appointed a Committee, of Sixteen, to meet at Five of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Prince's Lodgings, to confer about the Manner of Reception of the King; and desire a proportionable Number of this House may be appointed to meet with them.

Ordered, That the Ld. General , Mr.

Mr. Crew, Col. Roffeter, Mr. Knight ley. Col. Popham,

Col. Morley, Lord FairfaxSir Anthony Ashley Coopery

Sir Gilb. Gerrard, Lord Commissioner Sir

John Evelyn of Wilts., Sir Wm. Waller, Sir Rich. Onslow, Sir Wm. Lewis, Col. Harley, Col. Norton, Mr.

Mr. Holies, Sir John Temple, Mr. Trevor, Sir John Holland, Col. Birch, Mr. Swinjin, Seij. Maynard, Sir John Northcot, Sir Anthony Irby, Ld. Howard, Mr. Turner, Mr. Finch, Mr. Morris, Sir Henry ,be a Committee, to meet with the Committee of Sixteen Lords, this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Prince's Lodgings; to confer concerning the Reception of the King's Majesty.

The Messengers being called in again, Mr. Speaker gave them this Answer;

Gentlemen, The House have considered of your Mef-lage; and they do concur with the Lords; having appointed a proportionable Number of this House, to meet with the Committee of Lords, as is desired.

Tuesday, May 15th, 1660.

Prayers.

MR. Finch reports, from the Committee, to whom it is referred to consider of settling judicial Proceedings in Courts of Justice, An Act for the Con*-

tinuance of Process and judicial Proceedings; which was this Day read the first and second Time; and, upon the Question, committed to the same Committee, that brought it in: And they are to fit this Afternoon.

Mr. Annejley reports an Ordinance, for quickening the bringing in the Arrears of the Assessment, and other the publick Revenue *, which was this Day read the first and second Time; and, upon the Question, committed to Mr. Pryn, Sir John Northcot, Ld. President, Col. King, Mr. Finch, Mr. Turner, Seij. Hales, or any Three of them j who are presently to withdraw.

Resolved, That Secretary Thurloe, being accused of High Treason, be secured: And that the Serjeant at' Arms attending this House do forthwith put this Order in Execution.

The Question being put, that the Door be locked;

It passed with the Negative.

Ordered, That the Mayor of Chepping Wiccombe, being now in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attend-' ing this House, be discharged of his Imprisonment.

Resolved, That the first Four, and the Three last, of those whose Names are taken, be the Committee, for to take the Examination of Mr. Secretary Thurloe \ viz. Col. King, the Ld. President Annejley, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Eameley, Col. Bowyer, Mr. Trevor, Mr. Weston, or any Three of them, be a Committee, to take the Examination of Mr. Secretary Thurloe, to the Acculatioir given against him with Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Witnesses; and are to meet Tomorrow, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Inner Courr of Wards.

Mr. Annejley reports from the Committee of the Council of State, appointed to consider of the Manner of the Reception of his Majesty, that Thomas Citi-

zen and Skinner of London, is a fit Person to be employed to provide Robes of Ermins for his Majestyhe having the greatest Quantity, as the Committee is informed, of any Person in London for that Purpose; and that Alderman Vyner be appointed to provide the Crown and

Sceptre, which, by Estimate, will amount unto the Sum. of Nine hundred Pounds* or thereabouts.

Resolved, That Thomas Langhorne, Citizen and Skinner of London, be employed to provide Robes of Ermins for his Majesty.

Resolved, That Alderman Vyner be appointed to provide the Crown and Sceptre for the King's Majesty.

Ordered, That the Lords Concurrence be desired to these Yote6.

Ordered, That the Lord President do carry these! Votes - to the Lords.

Resolved, That Sir Henry Mildmay, Mr. Cornelius Holland, and Mr. Nicholas Love, do forthwith attend the Committee, to whom it is referred to consider of Re-quifites for his Majesty's Reception; to give an Account, what is become of the Crowns, Robes, Sceptre, and Jewels, belonging to the King's Majesty: And that such other Robes or Sceptre, as have been provided at the publick Charge, be forthwith brought into the same Committee, by such Person or Persons as have them, or any of them, in their Custody.

The House resumed the Debate upon the Bill for General Pardon, Indemnity, and Oblivion.

Resolved, That John Bradfhawe, deceased, late Serjeant at Law, be one of those, that shall, by Act of Parliament, be attainted of High Treason, for the Murthering of the late King's Majesty.

Resolved, That the Attainder shall relate to the First Day of January 1648.

Resolved, That Oliver Cromwell, deceased, be one of those, that shall, by Act of Parliament, be attainted of

High

High Treason, for the Murthering the late King's Majesty: And that the Attainder shall relate to the First Day of January 1648.

Resolved, That Henry Iretondeccafed, be one of those,

that shall, by Act of Parliament, be attainted of High Treason, for the Murthering of the late King's Majesty: And that the Attainder shall relate to the First Day of January 1648.

Resolved, That 'Thomas Pride, deceased, be one of those,

that shall, by Act of Parliament, be attainted of High Treason, for the Murthering of the late King's Majesty: And that the Attainder shall relate to the First Day of January 1648.

Mr. Annefiey reports, from the Council of State, an Account of the State of the Warrants issued from the Council of State, for charging of the Revenue.

Resolved, That this Report, touching the State of the Revenue, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning, the first Business.

Mr. Annefiey also reports, the Estimate of the Charge for Repair of the King's Majesty's Houses.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Council of State, to charge any Part of the publick Revenue and Trea-furies, for raising of such Moriey, as shall be necessary to be provided for Repair of the King's Majesty's Houses, and for providing Requisites for his Majesty's Reception; the same not exceeding, in the Whole, the Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds:

That the Lords Concurrence be desired herein: And the Lord President is desired to carry it to the Lords.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill of General Pardon, Indemnity, and Oblivion, be committed to Lord Commissioner Terryll. Sir Anthony Irby, Mr. , Mr. John

Seij. Glyn, Mr. Turner, Lord President , Serj.

Maynard, Sir Walter. Earle, Mr. Mr.

da, Mr. Foxwift, Mr. John ,- Serj. , Mis

Finch, Sir Gilb. Gerrard, Mr. , Mr. , Sir

Ralph Ashton, Colonel Ireland, Mr. , Mr.

Col. Birch, Mr. JoUiffe, Mr. , Mr.

Col. King, Sir John Northcot, Mr. Ld. Commissioner Widdrington, Sir JobH Lowtbfr, Mr. Brodrick, Col. Litton, Mr. Peckham, Mr. Henry Hungerford, Serjeant Browne, Mr. Lucy, Mr. Bamfeild, Sir Trevor Williams, Col. Jones, Sir Peter Temple, Mr. Crouch, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Mr. Ferrers, Mr. Eamley, Mr. Wendy, Sir Wm. Lewis', Col. Bowyer, Ld. Howard, Mr. Tong, Mr. Brookes, Col. Harley, and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet Tomorrow in die Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The humble Petition of Dame Mary Hewytt, Widow, late Wife of John Hewytt, Dr. in Divinity,- was read.

A Message from the Lords, by Doctor Child and Mr. Eltonhead, Two Matters of the Chahcery;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords do agree to your Order, with these Alterations: — And thereupon delivered the Vote touching the raising Money for repairing of the King's Houses,&c-, which, with the said Alterations, was read. —

Mr. Annefiey reports, that the Lords do agree to the Orders concerning the King's Majesty's Robes, Crown, and Sceptre, &c , and that, as touching the raising Money for Repair of the King's Houses, and providing Requisites for his Majesty's Reception, they will return Answer by Messengers of their own. —

The Messengers were again called in; and Mr. Speaker gave them this Answer,

Gentlemen, The House hath considered of your Mef-sage, and Amendments, that you brought from the Lords and they will return Answer by Messengers of their own.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee, appointed to prepare Bills, to prepare an Ordinance for bringing in Monies for Repair of his Majesty's Houses, and making Provisions for his Majesty's Reception. 2

2

1

Resolved, That it be referred to the Council of State, to proceed to give their Order, for the charging of any of the Treasuries, within their Power, for the raising of such Monies as shall be necessary for Repair of his Majesty's Houses, and for providing Requisites for his Majesty's Reception.

Mr. Wm. Stanley, being elected to serve as Burgeft ih this present Parliament for the Borough of in

the County of Lancaster, and also as Burgess for the Borough of Thirjke in the County of Yorke, makes Choice to serve for the Borough of Liverpoole, and waves his Election for the Borough of aforesaid.

Ordered, That a new Writ be issued for the Election of one Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the-Borough of Thirjke aforesaid; and that Mr. Speaker do fend his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, for the issuing of a new Writ for the Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Borough: And that the Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal, or any Two of them, are hereby required to iffui out and pass the same under the Great Seal accordingly!

Mr. Charles Pytn, being elected to serve as Burgess in this present Parliament for the Borough of Mine head in the County of Somerset, and also as Burgess for the Borough of Boffinyin the County of Cornwall, makes Choice to serve for the Borough of Minehead, and waves his Election for the Borough of Boffiny aforesaid.

Ordered, That a new Writ be issued for the Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Boffiny aforesaid; and that Mr. Speaker do fend his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown in Chance* ry, for issuing of a new Writ for the Election of a Btirgefs to serve in Parliament for the said Borough: And that the Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal, or any Two of them, are hereby required to issue out and pass the same under the Great Seal accordingly;

Wednesday, May 16th, 1660.

Prayers.

TXRdered, That James Norfolk, Serjeant at Arms at- tending this House, or his Deputy, do forthwith seize and secure all Goods, late of John Bradshaw, Serjeant at Law, deceased, where-ever he shall find the fame: And he is impowered, in case of Resistance, to break open any Doors and Locks, for the morje effectual Execution of this Service.

Ordered, That all Records, Books, Papers, and other Writings, relating to the Publick, in the Hands of Mr. John Phelpes, be forthwith secured by Mr. Pryn and Col. Bowyer, Members of this House; and such as have been removed, to be inquired after, and secured, in whose Hands soever they shall be found.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee, to whom the Business of Secretary Thurloe is referred, to take Order, that all the Books and Papers, heretofore belonging to the Library of the late Archbishop of Canterbury, and now, or lately, in the Hands of Mr. Hugh Peters, be forthwith secured.

Resolved, That a Debt of Nine hundred Forty-four Pounds Six Shillings Two-pence, due to Major General Edward Maffey, by virtue of an Ordinance of the Lords and Commons, bearing Date the Second Day of 1646, together with Interest for the fame, from the Time it ought to have been paid, be forthwith paid and satisfied to the said Major General Edward Maffey, or his Assigns j according to the Tenor of the said Ordinance.

Mr. Annefiey, Lord President of the Council of State, reports, from the Council of State, a Particular of the Sums of Money charged by Order and Warrants from the Council of State, upon the several Treasuries therein named, from the Twenty-fifth of February 1659, to the Fifteenth of May 1660.

A

28

Journals of the Hou k of Commons. A. 1660.

A Particular of the Sums of Money, charged by Orders

and Warrants from the Council of State, upon the several Treasuries after-named, from the Twenty-fifth of February 1659, to the Fifteenth of May 1660 r Viz.

f For his Excellency the Lord General George Monke, on an Act of the late Parliament, of 1 which there is yet unpaid the Sum of 4856/. — — - J

Charged on the Receipt of publitk Exchequer,

c

20000

d.

rTo Col. Wm. Lockhart, the Governor, on Account for,) fortifying the Place, all unpaid, — J

To Aid.

For Dunkirk j Garrison, \

o o

TFor \ For < For

d

For Four Weeks Pay — 4800 o

Two Weeks Pay ----- ----- 2400 o

Four Weeks Pay (un- J paid thereof 4609/. (4800 o

2S. IOJ. % .) — J

f To Cap. Thomas Lo- 1 J dington, — )

IOOOO

For Pro- 1 dington, ----- ----- J >4450

visions, j and (all unpaid) — 3450 J

V

o o

yfTo Henry Suuball (all unpaid) 1556 8 10

For Savoy and Ely-House Hospitals,

For the Council's Contingencies,

" To Mr. John Brcffey, Treasurer, Part of 2000l. — To the Committee appointed by Parliament, their Assignee, in full of the 2000 /. viz.

By one Warrant ----- -- ----- ----- — 300 o o

By another Warrant (which is all un-1 . paid) ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- J 4

o o

12000 O O

06006 8 10

300 o o

1700 o o

\ 19006 8 10

1

02000 o o

To Mr. Wm. JeJfopy before a Treasurer was appointed, 1000 o o

To Mr.

Thomas

Parry,

Treasurer,

28 March 1660. — — 0500

and — — 0500

30. - 0400

2 April (whereof 4900l. is 1 unpaid) — ~ J

10. ----- — - - 0500 o

,ii, (whereof no Part is paid) 0500 o

7400 o o

08400 o o

For Mr. Martin Notll\ to enable him to strike a Tally, for so much paid by him, on Orders of the former Council of State, to General Montagu; and for the Commissioners Plenipotentiaries of this Commonwealth, at the Sound,

For Alderman Tho. Vyner and Aid. Ch+iftopher Packe, Treasurers for the"J Collection Money for Piedmont and Poland, for so much ordered from f g them, by the late Parliament, into the Exchequer (none of which is f 797 paid) ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- - — J

And for so much deposited in the Exchequer, of clipped and Brass Money, 1 Part of the said Collection Money, 1 1 — J *7* 9

07252 6 2

8 9

IO

1

8454 8 7

For the Earl and Counters of Nottingham, on Pensions from His late Majesty, and confirmed by Parliament; viz.

To the said Earl (all unpaid) — — - 300 o o

To the said Countess (all unpaid) — * 200 o o

For the Gentleman-Porter, Warders, and Gunners, at the Tower, for Two Quarters, ended 25 March 1660 (no Part paid) , —

For Christopher Peircehay, Esq; Receiver General for Yorkshire, to enable him to (trike a Tally, for so much paid by him out of his Receipt, on Order of the late Council, to V Col. Samuel Clegke, for Pay of his Regiment on their March to Scotland, —

J 00500 o o

J 0,160 4 +}

1

01500 o o

68273 7 11

68273 7 11i

343^6 13 34

Charged on the Council's Contingencies,

By Warrant on Mr. Wm. JeJfop, on the 1000l. by him re- / ceived at the Receipt of Exchequer, as above.

Of which Sum of —

There is paid but —

So there is unpaid thereof 33886 14 85 And of what was paid, there 1 came into the Council's (

Contingencies no more j 300° 0 0

than — — ----- ----- ----- - J

/To Dr. Kinge, sent to Ireland on the publick Service, — — 0020

To Secretary Thurloe, on Account of Intelligence, — — — 0250

To Secretary Thompson, on the like Account, — — - — 0250

To Maurice Gardiner, in pursuance of an Order of Parliament, — 0100

To Jo. Bradley and Edward Titon, Messengers, on Account of,) a Journey to Dover, in the State's Service, — - — J

To Major Clinton alias Fyennes, on Account for levying and 1

transporting Recruits for Dunkirk, — — > - J

To Colonel Jo. Bridges, on his Journey to Ireland in the State's )

Service, — — — J

To Sir Oliver Fleming, in Part of a greater Sum due to him as I k* Mailer of the Ceremonies, — — — j 0070

o

o

o

o

0010 o o

0200 o O

0100 a o

01000 o o

Charged.

iz Gar; II. Journals of the Hoiilfe of Cofnmonl

a*

Charged bn Mr.

!Tho. Parry, Treasurer of the Council's Contingencies,

To Mr. 'Nathaniel Sterry, on his Journey to the Sound> —

To Cornet Robert Goldjion, for seizing an Agitator, —

To Mr. Gamble, his Excellency's Chaplain, by Order of the late Parliament (not

paid) — - — - r- . ——

To Col. Peter Temple, for publick Service, on a Recommendation from the late Parliament,

For several publick Ser- /

vices.

To Edward. Lloyd, for his Journey to Ireland with the Seals, —

To the Marshai of London, for discovering an Agitator, — —

To M^jor Smith, for his Journey and Expences to and at Hull (not paid) — To John Mountaine, &c. for seizing an Agitator (not paid) —

To Thomas Wright, for bringing Intelligence from Northampton, about Col.}

Lambert, — — j

To Major Bahington, for his bringing up Col. Lambert (not paid) ——

To Mr. Gajcoyne, to one that brought up a Letter from Northampton (not paid)

To L. Laftfells, for seizing Agitators (not paid) ——

To Phyneas Payne, in Part, for his Journey to Scotland, and Disbursements (not 1

paid) ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- — ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- - 7 ]

To Mr. Charles Rich, for Coaches to bring the Portugal Ambassador to Audi 1

ence (not paid) — — — — \

To Messengers of the Council, for Bills and riding Charges (not paid) ——

To Benjamin Ridley, for Service ar Whitehall (not paid;: — — —

To Thomas Symon, Graver, for the Seals for Ireland and Scotland (not paid) —

s. d.

0030 0 c

0010 0 0

0100 0 c

02CO 0 0

OO3O 0 0

OOOO5 0 0

OIOO 0 0

0010 0 0

0020 0 0

0050 0 0

0010 0 0

0020 0 0

0040 0 0

0029 10 0

0263 4 10

0010 0 0

0500 0 0

1427 *4 10

'To Mr. Riley, Keeper of the Tower Records, Two Years Salary, 400 o To Sir Oliver Fleming, Mailer of the Ceremonies (50 /. only J 230 o

paid).

For Salaries and Disburle ments to Of-( ficers in Ar re^r,

k

To several Peffons; on Account for Repairs;

Porters, Gardeners, and other menial Servants, at Whitehall (not \

paid) — r, ----- --: JIOO O

To Edmund Leman, Mailer of the Barges (not paid) — 028 5

To Wm. Williams,' who brings the Bills of Mortality, a Quarter J

(not paid) I — --- ----- ----- ----- ----- - J 002 10

To Messengers, belonging to the former Council, riding Charges 7 (nojt paid) — ----- — -- — - j

103

To Mr, Cook, an, under Clerk of the late Council (not paid) \

Part of 59 /. $ 020

To the present Officers of the Council, in Part of Arrears (not 5 ,

paid) r 3

To Scutt, Ulher of the Council Chamber, for Fewel (not \ Q

paid) ----- ----- , —: — — J 09

To Tho. Wright, and the Widows of Turner and Cook, MelTen- 5

gei? of the late Council, Part of Arrear not paid, ----- - J

To Messengers of the former Council, Part of Salary Arrear 7 ,

m>«4 — . - — — — {260

o o

060 o o

1901 17 3

i 10760 17

To Mr. Bales, on Account, towards the Charge of removing the Gravel and Rubbish at Scotland Yard Gate (10/. only paid)

(not'paid) ——

To Serjeant Birkhead, to prepare Necessaries for the Parliament-

House (not paid) ——

To Mr. Davenport, to repair the Parliament-House and Westminster (not paid) — - ——

) 400 1 b o'

V 020 0 0

O O 0 0

} °4° 0 0

{ 200 b 0

0710

o o

f To Mr. Thomas St. Nicholas, Clerk of the late Parliament (not paid) 468 15 o\

J To Nlr. Darnell, Clerk Affiilant (not paid) ----- ----- - - 350 o "

To Mr. Marjfr&nd Mr. Frensham, under Clerks (not paid) — 010 o

Tp Officers of the late

100 o

To Mr. Streeter and Mr. Mecock, Primers, Part of 528/. 13/. 3d. J

(not paid) J

r^riiamcnu,' / /pQ Leave* and Edward Meaktn, (not paid) - 020 O

d!L; W I To Lancelot Emmot, Provoll-Marshal, (not paid) ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- --- 050 6

To his Six Servants, (not paid) ..... — 060. o

To Serjeant Edward Birkhead, SaIhry(not paid) Part of 1166/. is. 3d, 100 o To his Fourteen Deputies (not paid) Part of 952/. 11s. 8d. 280 O

To the Offi the officers> /or paid,

/* 1 -1 t - v, -1. ' hot paid;

cers or the 1 To their Printefs> on BUl (not paid)

pre en \ ^Q j^flgug^rs,- for - PkKng Charges,

o

o

o

o

0/

1433 »5 o

Council,

paid, — ' ' " ' $60 o o"J

hot paid; ' 512 16 10 I

>t paid) — ^- 088 o o>

UW,'*vi % A Mr. Bradley 10L 1 < 1

(not paid) \ Mr. Blake 21 /. 3 s. 6d.^ j J

1132 0 4

p ry f To Col. Lockhart, ^Gb^errior, for a spetial Service (not paid) 1000

or un~ J To , Capt. Tho. Lodingfpd, Vbr Provisions sent thither, in Part 0500

ir e> I To1 John Berisford, for Medicaments sent thither (not paid) — 0150

For Bills of Exchange { from public] . Miniftets Abroad,

For Repair ^of Garrisons,

(h'Ot^paid)

To Mr. Thomat Rfdtr;: bn Iikfe Bill' (not piid)' — - —

(not paid)

To Mr. Downeing more (not paid) —

' To Major Bayly, for Hull (not paid)

[ To Mr. Morrice, for Plymouth Fort (not paid) — I To Major Nicholas, for the Tower of London (not paid)

f 031 3 ,6

1000 bo

0500 0150 6 0 U> 3

- 250 1 b 0

| 600 o 0

600 0 b

i IOO 6 6

150 0 0

0 0 0 0 6 0 0 0

200 0 0

1650 lo 3

}i^oo o o

► 080b o 0

j

H

Mhuc',

p

Journals of the House of Commons, A. 1660.

Adhuc, charged on Mr. Thomas Parry, Treasurer of the Council's Contingencies,

/'For Relief, \ t}\e (*>' H)

( I o Arm Hopkins (not paid)

For the Army,

5 To Col. St rettery to pay off Gunners, £ffc. (not paid)

r ' - -

By Order of the present w Parliament,

To Lt. Col. Peppar, for Fire and Candle, at Bury St. Edmonds, —

To Sir 7^ Greenville, by so much borrowed of Mr. F<?r/£, -

To Gen. Edward Mountagu (not paid) — —

So the Total charged on the Council's Contingencies is.

By Warrants, charged on Mr. JeJfop, — 1000

on Mr. Parry, — 11865

c s. d.

020 0 of OOOO3O 0 0

OlO 0 0 J

069 0 :f . 00074 13 3

OO5 13 3 5

5OO 0 °j 1000

5OO 0 OJ

o

o

12865 o o

Whereof paid by Mr. Jessop, being the 1 Whole received by him, — — J

o o

By Mr. Parry, Part of 2000l. by him re- ceived, with thte 500l. advanced by Mr.

Forth,

Total paid is —

So rests unpaid —

2460 13 3

— 3460 13 — 0404. 6

Charged on the Committee for i the Army,

For the Forces in England,

ffor Lt. Col. Mamvayringe, being short paid oa a former Muller of Sir Brice Cochrane's Regiment,

To repay 100tl. viz. 500l. apiece to the Commissioners of Custoihs and Excise, for lo much paid by their Officers at Hull, on the Council's Desire, for At present Pay of that Garrison, — ,

To Sir John Carter, for his Disburse-1

ments to disband the Garrison of Car- V 040 o o narvon Castle, ----- ----- J

200 O O

l6 IO

For his Disbursements to the Forces 1 . that Inarched out of Denbigh Castle, J For difoanding Col. Mojfe' % Regiment 5

of Foot, ----- --- ----- --- ----- --P214

For Fire and Candle for that Regiment, 0030 6 o

To Mr. Wtn. Clarke, on Account of the Army's Contingencies, ——

For Beds, Rugs, &c. for his Excellency's Regiment, quartering it St. James, — —

To Mr. Snow, for his Disbursements for the Soldiers quartfeted at Exeter, »: — — ——

0061 4 oV

1000 o o

» 0240 o o

5245 2 10

0500 o o 1431 17 8

0460 o o|

8938 4

‘For the For-ces in Scotland,

x Towards a Month's Pay, by Order, 20 March, — 6000 o

Towards another Month's ray, by Order, y May, — 6000 o For paying off Supernumeraries, above what was to be continued in the Establishment of Scotland; viz.

In his Excellency's Regiment of Horse, 765 12 o In Coh Cloberrie's Regiment of Horse, 194 12 o J- *329 8 In Major Knight's Regiment of Horse, 369 4

For the Forces ip, and belonging to, Ireland,

1

>33*9

8 o

} 41*57

M

'jr To Ife font to Ireland, to pay the Super- J

numeraries above what is intended to > 8000 o o tie kept up in the £liablilhiftent, J

And -t — 1 12000 o o

\ To pay the Irish Brigade in England, on the Muster, 1

19 December 1659. — — --- — - - J

To'Col Redman, relating to thht Brigade, on Account, To Lt Col. Brett, relating to it, on Account,

‘ For this Gamforis in Ireland\ ——

20000 o

9000

6100

oroo

or50

2335°

© o

o

6

O

For Dunkirk, — To Rob. Fitzrwilliams, for transporting Seventy Recruits thither.

00040 O oj

Charged on the Almoner Dr. Barnard,

ffor Fourteen Days Pay to the Soldiers that came from Scotland on Muller, 2 Jan. itourtedh. Days Pay to Col. Saunders's Regiment on that Muster.

Six Months Pay to Chl. Redman, as Cdl. of Horse* to commence from 1 Aug. 1^59. A Montti*s Ay;Br Laikgnard Fort Gafrifbn.

Two Months Pay for Warwick Castle.

" To£nsign field the Money due to him on the Muster, 16 Jan. 1659.

_A MopthV. Pay to Major Beake't Four Companies at Coventry.

Tifreen^Shillings per Diemto Adjutant General Mcrift, till he can have a Troop. "Eight Days Pay to Col. Tompson's kegiment in Southwarke.

A Month's Pay to Portsmouth Garrison.

f For the Lkdy Inchiq&n *ndt paid) . — - — .

( For Mr. Sam. Hartlib, in Part of his Arrears of what was allowed him by the State (not paid)

\ For General "Mountagu, advanced, at his going to Sea, Cht Navy, ( for General Penne, for a fpcrial Service*

100 0

300 0

200 0 0J I i

5OO 0 °1

100 0 )

I J

0600 o O

0600 o

Charged

Charged on the Treasurers for the Piedmont Colkftion Money.

To J. Baptista del Ponte, a foffering Protestant, - — To the Agents who attend that Buhness on Behalf of the ProtestaMs,

c *-

006 o 15b o

o}°*s6

/. d.

O O

Charged on strfej Ro- J For Two Par to Chl. for the Forces there.

wnnf f. # y

Charged on the Revenue in Scotland,

On the Receiver General qut of the Excise there, tp pay for the Forces there, ——

To Sir Archibald Johnfin, out of the Office in Scotland\ tool. per An*, till farther Order;

in respect of a forwer Title.

4500

o o

Charged on the Mae f To Col. Allured and Major Smith, for their Charges to tlull, ----- ----- ----- ----- -- 40 o o )

Office, (To Lawrence DiJhrough\ who brought Intelligence from Northatnptonshire, - 5 o oj0045 0 0

ForlS^ 00 For Pay of such as look to the Forest, so muth Wood to be disposed as may raiie — — 0020 o o

5291 o o

Pbnsions charged by Orders of the Council of State;

On the Exchequer,

'To Sir Andrew Dick, on an Order of Parliament, — i . — 5 /. per Week.

To Mrs. Elizabeth Lithane, on like Orders — 40 s. per Week.

To Sir J. Starve It, on like Order. - . m 6 i. per Week.

To Mrs- Bafi'wici, on like Order, — — 1 ss. — - 40 j. per Week.

To Mr*. Road, on likt Order, . ----- ----- ----- -1 1 — — 15 per Week.

.To J. Scarherongh, — —— — . 30r. per Week.

On die Council's Contingencies,

To the Countess of Werctfier, on Order of Parliament, To J. Earl of Lauderdale, —

To Cap. Maurice Gar dinar, on Order of Parliament,

6/. per Week.

3 /. per Week,

so tt per Week.

Read 16 May, 1660.

Resolved , That this Hotffe doth approve of the Ac- Members of thk House, (and you are desired to corn-count this Day reported* by the Lord President* from municate it to die rest) the House have taken notice of the Council of State c And that the Monies* charged by your great and careful Services 1 and they do give yon the respective Warrants, be pud accordingly. ----- --- their very hearty Thanks.

Resolved, That the Council of State have the Thanks of this House for their very great Service.

Mr. Speaker gave them Thanks accordingly, to the Effect following;

Gentlemen, You of the Council of State, that are

A Lift of such of his Majesty's Ships of the Navy Royal, now in Pay, not of the Summer's Guard, with an Account of the Wages due to them to the First of May 1660, and the Charge they arc at, was read , and is as followeth: Viz.

3 '

Lampprt.

4-

4-

4-

4-

4-

4-

4-

4-

4-

4-

4-

4*

4-

4-

4-

4-

5-5; 5-5* 5* 5-5-6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6.

Sh 1 ps.

Lamport. ----- 5-

Torrington. — Kentish.

Maid Hone. Centurion.

Dover.

Ham p shire. Namptwich. Preston. — Portland.

Taunton. — Dragon.

Elias. —

Success.

President.

Constant Warwick! Tyger. Marmaduke. Sorlings.

Forrcfter.

Coventry Convert.

Hettor. Greyhound. — Lyzard. Weymouth.

Wolfe.

Francis.

Cignet.

Lylley. —

Roe. ——

Hunter,

Griffin. — Chesnut. — Cagjvay Pearle.

Dolphin.

Truelove Henrietta. — Hart.

40 Ships.

s 0 s O c 0 w Wages due 1" Maii. to

1- s. d.

210 5° 8854. 1 9

210 52 9286 3 9

150 40 3°25 6 —

I4O 40 6386 x4 3

150 40 443 2 8 8

14O 40 5206 11 9

130 38 2163 *4 3

I4O 40 443° 3

I4O 40 3785 x4 3

*5° ,40 6578 11 9

140 40 5220 — 3

130 38 437° 6 —

110 36 5175 4 8

100 34 3310 10 3

130 38 3167 3 —

ll 32 2619 10 3

130 38 5i 47 7 6

IIO 32 2629 18 6

100 22 5811 18 —

100 22 ‘ 2787 7 2

90 20 3579 8 10

90 26 4604 x9 —

85 20 2480 12 —

85 20 35i2 3 9

— 60 16 16x9 —

60 14 1415 10 —

60 16 - 3452 x5 —

45 10 iop7 6 4

35 6 , 840 x4 *-

35 , 6 833 2 6-

35 8 x545 l9 6

30 6 88.1 7 6

40 12 1693 11 8

40 10 *440 *4 — T

35 S 648 9 8

> 25 4: x985 9 9

25 4 620 I7 3

60 12 IX79 *7 6

35 8 1260 x9 6

3 % 5 ] 129981 x4 —

Memorandum, The Charge of these Forty Ships, which are unnecessarily kept Abroad, will, for every Month they continue unpaid, amount to the Sum of Eleven thousand Eighty-five Pounds.

Refolded, That, on Friday next, the House be resolved into a Grand Committee, to consider of Ways for the speedy raising of a considerable Sum of Money, for Sa-tisfattion of the Arrears due to the Army and Navy; and that Mr. Speaker do then forbear to take the Chair.

The humble Petition of the Gentry, and others. Free* holders of the County of Card, was read.

Ordered, That new Writs be issued for Election of Members to serve in this present Parliament, for the County and Town of Cardigan-, and that Mr. Speaker do fend his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, for issuing of new Writs for Election of Members to serve in this Parliament for the County and Town aforesaid: And that the Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal, or any Two of them, are hereby required to issue out, and pass the fame, under the Great Seal accordingly.

Ordered, That this Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges, to examine the Misdemeanour about Miscarriage of the Writ for Election of Members to serve for the County of Cardigan; and that the Committee do fit this Afternoon to examine this Business.

Ordered, That it be likewise referred to the same Committee, to examine the Miscarriage of the Writ for Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the County of Derby.

Mr. Pryn reports from the Committee appointed to secure the Books, Records, and Papers, concerning the Publick, in the Hands of Mr. , that they have,

according to the Command of this House, repaired to Mr. Pbelpes his House, and have secured some Books and Writings, according to the Order of this House.

Ordered

y

5

Ordered, That the Committee be desired, this Afternoon, to proceed effectually,. in securing of the Records, Books, Papers, and Writings, which concern the Pub-. lick,- in the Custody of the said Mr. Phelpes.

Resolved, That Twenty thousand Pounds, Part of the Thirty thousand Pounds assigned for repairing of his Majesty's Houses, and making necessary Preparations for his1 Majesty's Reception, be charged on the Ordinance for Three Months- Assessment, commencing the Twenty-fourrh of'June next.

Resolved,- That it be recommended to the Members of this House, who serve for the City of London, and to Alderman Langham, Alderman Frederick, Alderman

Bloudworth, and Mr. Tho. Rich, and Mr.

Mr. Forth, and Mr. Middleton, to whom the Care of getting Thirty thousand Pounds, part of the Fifty thousand Pounds to be advanced for his Majesty's Use, was referred, to use their belt Endeavours for procuring the said Twenty thousand Pounds to be forthwith advanced in the City of London, upon the Credit of the Ordinance for the said Three Months Assessment, for Supply of this very urgent Occasion.

A Bill for continuing of Ministers in their Parsonages, and Ecclesiastical Livings, was this Day read the second Time; and, upon the Question, committed to the same Committee, that brought in the Bill: And all the Memr bers of this House, who serve for the Universities, be added to that Committee: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in -the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That further Power be given to the Serjeant at Arms to break open Doors, in case of Refiltance, for apprehending and securing the Persons, who fat in Judgment upon the late King's Majesty.

A Message from the Lords, by Dr. Child and Mr. Rich, Mailers of Chancery;

The Lords have sent us to put you in Mind of a former Message of the Lords *, and of an Order for Re-llraining of Wastes in the King's Houses, and Woods .*, where to they desire your Answer and Concurrence.

Resolved, That the House return Answer by Messengers of their own.

The Messengers were again called in, and Mr. Speaker gave them this Answer; .

Gentlemen, The House hath considered of your Message; and they will return Answer by Messengers of their own.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee, to whom the Business touching Mr. Thurloe is referred, to examine the Business, whereof the House was now informed, touching Mr. Holland, Mr. and Mr.

Kiffin, and report what they think fit to be done therein to the House: And that Mr. Shaw and Mr. Meeres be added to That Committee.

Mr. burner reports, from the Committee for Privileges and Elections, the same upon the double Return for the Borough of Eafllowe in the County of Cornwall , that, upon Examination of the Matter of Fact, the Committee were of Opinion, that Mr. Seymour and Mr. Trelawny ought to fit; and that the other Indenture be withdrawn.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the said Committee, that Mr. Seymour and Mr. do fit

in the House j and that the other Indenture be withdrawn.

He also reports, from the said Committee, the same upon the double Return for the Borough of Ferris in the County of Northamptonthat, upon Examination of the Matter of Fast, the Question appearing to be, whether a felt (ft Number of Burgesses, or the

Burgesses at large, ought to elect; die Committee were of Opinion, that the Burgesses at large ought to ele<ft;. and that Sir Thomas Dacres was duly elected by them, and ought to fit.

‘ Resolved, -That, this House doth agree with the Committee, that the said Sir ‘Thomas Dacres is duly elected, and do fit in this House. , '

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery do amend this Return accordingly.

- He also reports, from the said Committee, the same upon the double Return for the Borougji of in

the County of Wilts -, that, upon Examination of the Faift, the Question being, whether the Inhabitants in general ought not to elect, the Committee were of Opi-. nion, that the Burgesses at large have Right to elect; and that Mr.. Spencer and Mr.. Gape were duly elected there, and ought to fit.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the said Mr. Spencer and Mr. Cape are duly elected, and do fit in this House.

He also reports, from the said Committee, the same upon the treble Return for the Borough of in

the County of York.; that, upon Examination of the Fact, it appeared, that Sir Geo. Saville Baronet and William Leather Esquire had the greatest Number of Voices; and ought to fit.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the said Sir GeoSaville and Mr. Low.her are duly elected, and do fit; and that the Two odier Indentures be withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery do amend this Return accordingly.

Whereas, the Second Day of 1646, it was or-

dained by the Lords and Commons assembled in Parliament, that Nine hundred Forty-four Pounds Six Shillings and Two-pence, being so much formerly disburstd by Col. Edward Maffey (now Major-General Edward Maffey) for the Service of the Western Association, should be paid in Course, together with Interest, after the Rate of Eight Pounds per Centum per Annum out of the Receipts of the Excise, to come in upon the Ordinance of the nth of September, 1643, unto the said Major-General Edward Maffey, his Assignee or Assigns; whereof no Part is as yet paid or satisfied:

It is Ordered, by the Commons assembled in Parliament, that the said Nine hundred Forty-four Pounds Six Shillings and Two-pence, with Interest as aforesaid, for Forbearance thereof, ever since the same became due, be forthwith paid and satisfied unto the said Major-General Edward Maffey, or his Assigns; according to the Tenor,

and true Intent and Meaning, of the said Ordinance; any Act, Order, or Ordinance, for transferring of the said Money from the said Security notwithstanding: And the Commissioners of Excise, and all others, whom it doth or may concern, are required to take notice hereof, and make Payment of the said Money, with Interest as aforesaid, accordingly: And the Acquittance or Acquittances of the said Major-General Maffey, or his Assigns, testifying the Receipt thereof, Hull be a sufficient Discharge in that Behalf.

'Thursday, May 17th, 1660.

Prayers.

MR. Pryn reports from the Committee, to whom the Business touching Mr. Holland, Mr.

and Mr. Kiffin, was referred; the Copy of a Letter from Wm. Kiffen to Mr. John Furlow, Merchant in Colchester, to furmlh Cornelius Holland, Esq; with Money, was read.

Resolved, upon the Question, by the Commons assembled in Parliament, that all the Persons, who fat in I Judgment

Judgment upon the late King's Majesty, when Sentence of Death was pronounced against him, and the Estates both real and personal, of all and every the said Persons, whether in their own Hands, or in the Hands of any other, in Trull for their or any of their Uses, who are fled, be forthwith seized and secured: And the respective Sheriff's, and other Officers, whom this may concern, are to rake effectual Order accordingly.

Resolved, By the Commons assembled in Parliament, that nothing in the Orders touching the seizing of the Persons or Estates ofthofe, who fat in Judgment upon the late King, do in any wise extend to Col. Matthew

Tomlinson, or his Estate.

Resolved, By the Commons assembled in Parliament, that the Council of State do forthwith take Order for flopping of all the Ports; to the end that none of rhofe, who are ordered to be apprehended, as having fat in Judgment upon the late King's Majesty, may make Escape beyond the Seas.

Resolved, That these Votes, with a List of the Names

of those, who are to be secured, be sent up to the Lords; and their Concurrence desired:

And Mr. Pryn is to carry these Votes to the Lords.

Mr. Fillers, alias Danvers, being summoned, according to the Order of this House, to appear to answer an Accusation laid against him, appeared; and, being informed, by Mr. Speaker, of the Matter of the Accusation, he, standing up in his Place, denied the Matters objected against him.

Mr. Eyre, being called in, as a Witness to the said Information, given in against Mr. , alias

and standing at the Bar, denied, that he ever heard Mr. Danvers l'peak the Words, wherewith he was charged; but only had the Words by common Report.

The Order sent from the Lords, for a Stop and Stay of demolishing or defacing of, or committing Wastes in, the Houses and Lands, or any of them, belonging to the King's Majesty, was read:

Resolved, That this House doth concur with the Lords with these Amendments; viz. Line 6. before the Word . " and" in the Beginning of the Line, these Words, viz. " that are not fold," to be inserted; and in the Eleventh and Twelfth Lines, these Words, viz. " the House be further," be omitted; and these Words, viz. " his Majesty be, " be inserted in their Stead.

Resolved, That the Lords Concurrence be desired herein: And that Mr. Pryn do carry the Order, so amended, to the Lords.

Resolved, That John Rowfe, Esq; a Member of this House, have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

Resolved, That the Lord Viscount a Mem-

ber of this House, have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

Resolved, That the Titles of Honour received from the late Protestors Oliver and Richard, or from Henry Cromwell, Son of the said Oliver, by any Person named a Commissioner in the Ordinance for Three Months AP-feffment,.. be omitted and (truck out of the said Ordinance.

Mr. Annesley reports, from the Council of State, several

Lists of the Names of Persons committed, and some of them released, by the Council of State; which Names were read, and are as followeth; viz.

Persons apprehended by Warrant of the Council, and again set at Liberty:

Richard Wither,* Miller, Win. Scot, Col. Dudley Templer, Ralph Davenport, Col. Wm. Kenrick, Dr. Griffith, Tho. Doily, Capt. Jacob Col.

John Mason, Capt. Geo. Deakins, Capt. Moorecock, Capt. Preejt, Capt. Adam Baines, Alderman Ireton,

Aid. Titchbome, Col. Nath. Rich, Col. John Clarke,

Henry Hills, Printer, Mr. Jenkins, Mr. Beverley, Tho. jobnfton, Saule.

Persons against whom Warrants have been granted, who are not apprehended:

John London, Chaptnan, Mrs. Baffnet, Mrs. Noe, Mr. Fernon-, Commissary General Whaley, Col. Gosse, appeared; Major-General Ludlow, Hierome Ives.

Persons Committed, and dill remaining in Custody:

John Lambert , Maj. Breaman, Col. James Berry, Live-

well Chapman, Alexander Tayler escaped, Hugh Courtney, Adjutant-General Allen, Col. Wm. Packer, Major Creed, Col. Ralph Cobbett.

He also reports, from the Council of State, their Desire, that this House will be pleased to declare their Pleasures, concerning Col. Packer, Majqr Breaman, Hugh Courtney, Adj. General Allen, and Col. Berry, the laftof which Persons is weak and infirm, in Lambeth House.

Resolved, That this House doth approve of what the Council of State have done, as well in committing the said Persons, as in releasing such of them, as they (aw Cause to release.

Resolved, That it be referred back to the Council of State, to continue in Custody such of the said Persons as are dill in Restraint; and to release such others of them, as they shall find most for the Service of his Majesty, and the publick Peace; and, from time to time,.to secure such others, as they shall judge necessary for the Ends aforesaid.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Council of State, to examine Col. Cobbett, concerning some Words alleged to be spoken by him, about the Men, that were killed 1648, upon bringing up the Surry Petition; and who encouraged him, or what other Occasion he had, to fall upon the Petitioners.

According to the Order of this Ploufe, made Yesterday, the Clerk of the Crown came to the Clerk's Table; and there amended the Return for the Borough of Higham-Ferrers in the County of Northampton.

A Message from the Lords, by Dr. Child and Mr. El-tonhead. Mailers of the Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords agree to the Additions made to the Order, to (top Wastes in the King's Lands, as it was amended by this House; and desire, that tins House will fit awhile, for that the Lords have somewhat to communicate to this House.

The Order, so amended and agreed, is as followeth; viz.

Ordered, By the Lords and Commons in Parliament assembled, that there be a Stop and Stay of demolishing or defacing of, or committing Waste in, the Houses and Lands, or any of them, belonging to the King's Majesty, that are not fold; and that no Timber or Woods be felled, or cut down, off any of the said Lands, or any Part of any of them; and that no Wood or Timber felled, and now remaining the re, be taken away, or removed from the said Lands: And this to continue, until the Pleasure of his Majesty be signified concerning the same: And all Persons, whom it may concern, are hereby required to yield Obedience to this Order. ——

The Messengers were again called in; and Mr. Speaker gave them this Answer;

Gentlemen, The House have considered of your Mef-sage; and their Answer is, that they will fit awhile.

An Ordinance, ingrossed in Parchment, for an Assessment of Seventy thousand Pounds, by the Month, for Three Months, to commence from the 24th of June, 1660, was this Day in Part read the third Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Dr. Child and Mr. Eltonbead, Mailers of Chancery.

Mr.

i^-

Mr. Speaker, The Lord? do agree to your Order, with these Alterations, which they have herewith lent you, being for quickening the bringing in the Arrears of the Assessments, and other Revenue.

The Amendments lent from the Lords were read; and, after, the Order, with the said Amendments, was read.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the Amendments of this Order, as they are sent down by the Lords; which is as followeth;

Whereas the Pay of his Majesty's Armies depends upon due Satisfaction of the Arrears of former Assessments, and of the Assessment of One hundred thousand Pounds, by the Month, now collecting by virtue of an Act for Six Months, beginning the 2 5th of December last pad, and ending the 24th of June next, and other Revenues, due by Recusants and others; whereof if punctual and timely Payment be not made (though not originally imposed by such an Authority as was legal) the Soldiers will be necessitated upon free Quarter; to the great Oppression of the several Counties: Out of a tender Care, therefore, to prevent so great an Inconvenience to the Country, and Discouragement to the Soldiery, and to promote his Majesty's present Service, the Lords and Commons, in Parliament assembled, do hereby order and declare,#in respect of the instant Necessity, there being no other Way to avoid the Inconveniency herein mentioned, that the Commissioners for the Assessment, in the several Counties, Cities, and Places, by virtue hereof, do proceed effectually for the getting in of all Arrears of Afil-flTments, and of the Monies unpaid upon the said Act, or any other Act, according to the Proportions and Powers therein contained: And all Collectors and other Persons whatsoever, charged with the Gathering or Payment of any Part thereof, are forthwith (all Pretences and Excuses to the contrary set aside) to satisfy and pay their several and respective Proportions, according to the Directions of the said Acts; as they will avoid such Penalties as will necessarily fall upon them, in case of their Refusal, and the further DifpJeafure of the Parliament. And it is further ordered and declared, that all Receivers, and other Officers and Persons, as well Tenants, as others whatsoever, concerned in the Receipt or Payment of any Part of the Revenue, do make due Accompts and Payments of what they, and every of them, are charged with, or liable to; as they will be answerable for their Contempt and Neglect, in a Time when his Majesty's and the Kingdom's Service and Occasions requires the most punctual Satisfaction of what is respectively due from them: And the Receipt of the several Treasurers appointed for the Assessments, and the Officers of the Exchequer thereunto appointed respectively, shall be a sufficient Discharge to all Person and Persons, float shall make Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money, by virtue hereof.

The House being informed, that, of the Fifteen thousand Pounds ordered to be sent, by this House, to the Dukes of Torke and Gloucester, Ten thousand Pounds is taken up, on Bills of Exchange, by Aid. John Robinson, for the Use of the said Dukes; and also that he hath procured Letters of Credit for Five thousand Pounds, the Residue of the said Sum;

Ordered, That, out of the first Monies, which shall be advanced by the City of Lond, on the Credit of the Ordinance for Three Months Assessment, commencing the 24th of June next, there be paid to the said Alderman John Robinson (next after the Four thousand Five hundred Pounds, by him paid in ready Gold, for his Majesty's Use, to Sir John Grinvill) the said Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, provided by Bills of Exchange, as aforesaid, for the said Dukes of Torke and Gloucester; and, next after That, the Five-and-twenty thousand Pounds, which by Letters of Credit, subscribed by John Langham, the said Alderman John R, JVm. Vincent,

Rich, and Thomas Bludworth, Esquires, and formerly

delivered to Sir John Greenvill, was provided by them for his Majesty's Use; and, next after That Sum, the said Five thousand Pounds, for which the said Alderman John Robinson hadi procured Letters of Credit; for completing the said Sum of Fifteen thousand Pounds for the said Dukes.

Friday, May 18th, 1660.

Prayers.

MR. Turner reports, from the Committee for Privileges and Elections, the same upon the double Ketum for the Borough of Grantham in the County of Lyncolne; that, upon Examination of the Fast, it appeared, that John Newton Esquire, who is returned, together with Thomas Skipwith Esquire, by one of the Indentures, had a greater Number of Voices than fVm. Ellis Esquire, who is returned, together with the said Mr. Skipwith, by the other Indenture; and the Opinion of the Committee, that the said Mr. Newton is duly elected, and ought to fit.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the said Mr. Newton is duly elected, and do fit in this House; and that the Indenture, whereby Mr. Ellis is returned, be withdrawn.

He also reports, from the said Committee, the same upon the double Return for the Borough of Sudbury in the County of Suffolk; that, upon Examination of the Fast, it appeared that John Gurdon and Esquires, being returned by one Indenture, are duly elected, and ought to fit; and that the other Indenture, whereby Rob. Cordell Esquire is returned, be withdrawn.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the said John Gurdon and Joseph Brond are duly elected, and do fit in this House; and that the Indenture, whereby the said Mr. Cordell is returned, be withdrawn.

He also reports, from the said Committee, the same upon the double Return for the Borough of Great Yarmouth in the County of Norfolk; that, upon Examination of the Fast, the Question being, whether a select Number of Burgesses, or the Burgesses at large, ought to elect, the Committee are of Opinion, that the Burgesses at large ought to elect; and that, of them. Sir John Potts, Knight and Baronet, and Sir JVm. Doyley, Knight, having the greatest Number of Voices, are duly elected, and ought to fit in this House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the said Sir John Potts and Sir JVm. Doyley are duly elected, and do fit in this House; and that the Return be accordingly amended, by the Clerk of the Crown.

He also reports, from the said Committee, the same upon the double Return for the Borough of in the County of Wilts; that, upon Examination of the Fast, the Question being, whether the Freemen in general ought to elect, or such only of them as pay Scotland Lot of the said Borough, the Committee were of Opinion, that the Freemen in general ought to elect; and that Sir Thomas Thyn Knight, who is returned in one of the Indentures, together with George Grobham How Esquire, is duly elected, and ought to fit; and that the other Indenture, whereby Edmund Ludlow Esquire is returned, together with the said Mr. Grobham How, be withdrawn.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the said Sir Thomas Thyn is duly elected, and do fit in this House; and that the Indenture, whereby

the

X

V

3<J

the fitid Mr. Ludlow is returned, be withdrawn, by the Clerk of the Crown.

Mr, Pryn makes Report, from the Committee appointed for securing of the Books of publick Concernment, lately in the Hands of Mr. that the said

Committee have in their Hands the Keys, where man/ of the said Books are lodged; and that Twenty-nine other Books, of the same Books, part of Thirty Books, which were conveyed out of the House, are also recovered and secured.

The Clerk of the Crown came up to the Clerk's Table, and withdrew the Indenture, wherein Esquire, was returned for Grantham in the County of Lincoln, and also the Indenture, wherein Mr. Cordell was returned for Sudbury in the County of Suffolk.

He also amended the Return for Great , and

inserted the Names of Sir John , and Sir Wm. Doyley, instead of the Names of Sir John , and

Miles Corbet.

The Clerk of the Crown also, at the Clerk's Table, amended the Return for the Borough of Hindon in the County of Wilts, and inserted the Name of Sir Thyn into the Indenture, in the Place of Edmond Ludlow Esquire.

The House this Day proceeded in, and finished, the reading of the ingrossed Ordinance, for an Assessment of Seventy thousand Pounds by the Month, for Three Months, to be let upon England, to commence from the 24th of June, 1660.

The House being moved, that several Persons, against whom Exceptions were offered, might be put out of the Ordinance for Assessment-, viz.

Mr. Francis Laffells, Sir John , Mr.

Challoner, Mr. Slingsby Bethell, for the County of York Sir Gilb. Pickering Bart, for the County of Northampton Mr. Secretary Thurloe, for the Isle of Ely; Mr. Daniel Blagrave, for the County of Berks Col. Valentine Walton, for the County of Huntington , Mr. John

Dove, for the County of Wilts;

Resolved, That the Names of such of the said Persons, as are named Commissioners in the Ordinance for Three Months Assessment, be struck out of the said Ordinance.

The Question being put, that any more Names of Commissioners be added in the Ordinance for Three Months Assessment j

It passed with the Negative.

Resolved, That this be the Title of the said Bill

viz.

An Ordinance of the Lords and Commons, for an Assessment of Seventy thousand Pounds, by the Month, upon England, for Three Months, for the Supply of

the present Occasions of the King's Majesty; and for and towards the Payment and Satisfaction of the Armies and Navies continued for the Defence of this Kingdom; and for other the necessary and urgent Occasions thereof.

And the said Ordinance, so amended, was, upon the Question, palfed.

Ordered, That the Lords Concurrence be desired to this Ordinance.

Mr. Alderman Robinson is to carry it to the Lords.

' A. 1660*

The House being informed, that one Mr. had

said, " that he would kill the King with his own Hand

Resolved, That it be referred to the Committee, to whom the Examination of Mr. Secretary Bufi-

ness is referred, to examine the Business touching the said Information against the said Mr.; and that they

proceed to a thorough Examination thereof, for the Discovery of the Truth of the Business: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, Witnesses, and what elle may conduce thereunto: And Sir John Northcot is added to that Committee: And Mr. Trelawny is desired to attend them, to give what Information he can, touching the fame.

The House, according to former Order, was this Day resolved into a Grand Committee, for railing of a considerable Sum of Money, for Satisfaction of the ArrearS of the Navy and Army.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Tho. Widdrington took the Chair.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Widdrington reports from the Grand Committee, for raising of a considerable Sum of Money for Satisfaction of the Arrears of the Army and Navy, the Resolve of the said Grand Committee; viz.

That the Sum of Money necessary to be raised is Four hundred thousand Pounds; the same to be applied to the disbanding, and paying off, such of the Forces of the Army and Navy, as are now thought not necessary any longer to be continued.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the Sum of Money necessary to be raised is Four hundred thousand Pounds; the same to be applied to the dffbanding, and paying off, such of the Forces of the Army and Navy, as are now thought not necessary any longer to be continued.

Sir Thomas Widdrington also reports from the said Grand Committee, that the said Grand Committee desire the Leave of this House to fit Tomorrow Morning at Nine of Clock.

Resolved, That this House be resolved into a Grand Committee Tomorrow Morning at Nine of the Clock, to consider of the raising of a considerable Sum of Money for Satisfaction of the Arrears of the Army and Navy.

Saturday, May 19th, 1660.

MR. Pryn reports, that according to the Commands of this House, he carried the Votes of this House, touching the Seizing and Securing of the Persons and Estates of them, who fat in Judgment upon the late King, when Sentence of Death was given against him, who are fled; and to Hop the Ports, to hinder their Escape: And the Lords return Answer, that they will fend Answer by Messengers of their own.

A Bill for settling Lands, in lieu of other Lands, to enable Augustine Skynnerand Wm. Skynner to fell Lands for Payment of Debts, was this Day read the first Time.

Mr. Pryn reports, from the Committee of Discoveries, Discoveries adjudged by the Commissioners, as followed!; viz.

Journals of the House of Commons.

Con fc fled.

Con fe fled.

Many of the same Nature.

37

In the Hands of Richard Hunt of Popham in Com. which was given to the )

College of Downy, and other superstitious Uses, — - j

In the'Hands of Armiger Warner, collected in the County of — —

In the Hands of the Copyholders of Sladeborne in the County of Pork, upon the Con- J

firmation of their Estates by Act of Parliament, as appears by Decree, - j

Lands in Whittlebury in the County of Northampton, the Profits in Arrear for Ten Years and a )

half, at Fifty Pounds per Ann. . — ----- . ----- -. — --J

Alio the Lands themselves, worth ——

Proved by i6 High In the Hands of Edward Jennings of Long in the County of , for)

Con (tables. Drums, Trophies, and Colours, j

In the Hands of Thomas Careles of Quitterford in the County of , of Irish AJTdTments,

In the Hands of Henry Fre-win of Reading in the County of , of Assessments,

200

S. d.

200 —

5 6 3

525 ——

1000 ——

In the Hands of Henry Murgatroyd of Migley in the County of York, of Irish Assessments, -

In the Hands of Samuel Jackson, Thomas Ilowet, Rob. , and Rich. Collectors for the

Irish Assessments in the Hundred of Ely, - — S

In the Hands of Sir Michael Levifey, which he received upon the Contributions in Kent, --

Assessments raised and paid into Humphry Packer the Elder, and Humphry Packer, Treasurers for,) the County of Hertford, not accounted for, ----- ----- ----- -- J

832

329

203

89

553

1301

5293

70

89430 ——

Goods fequettered and Ibid.by Rich. Harrison of Wijbee and not accounted for, to the Value of

Lands forfeited upon Attainder, returned in the Survey at Three thousand Four hundred Seventy-

four Pounds per Ann. which, at Twenty Years Purchase, is ——

Besides the Profits since the Conviction, which was the Seventeenth of August 1655.

A Messuage and Two hundred Acres of Land, detained in the Possession of Henry Esq; )

called Swinly Rayles, allb the Rents and Profits in Arrear, whereof was adjudged in his Hands, J 2 In the Hands of Edward Tooke, Sam. Foxley, and Wm. Cox, upon the Purchase of Gifford Woods, 2603

2 9

11 8

18 —

— 9

6 10

19 —

14 —

3 5

105747 2

Several Woods and Wood Grounds in Baljborough; also several Parcels of Land, called Rennard Moor and Blackacre, in the County of Somerset.

A Discovery of the Stil-yard.

Discoveries by Confcfiion under their Hands.

John Lane of Agmondcsham in Com. Bucks, ..... ..... ..... ..... - 114 6

John Lane, more by him confefied, ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- > — . — ..... — - 16 5

Richard Waring and Michael Herring, ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- -- — - 60 —

Hall Ravenscroft, in 1648. Two Years Rent, at Twelve Pounds per Ann. ----- ----- ----- ----- -- - — ----- ----- - 24 —

Tho. Meeres of Lyncolne, Plate to the Value of — ... 60 —

Tho. Errington and John Dawjon of Newcastle, ----- ----- ----- - -..... — 811 4

Wm. Foxwijl of St. Albans, ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- - — ----- — — — 14 13

Joseph Holt of Solihall in Com. Warwick, ----- ----- - 39 —

Stephen Holford of Gloucester, ----- --- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- - . 12 —

Edward Nor they of the Devises, ----- ----- ----- - . 6 7

Edward Holbrooke of Manchester, ----- ----- - ----- -- ----- --- -..... 52 13

Sam. Clark of Bristol, — - - — 200 —

John Hobart of Norwich, several Parcels of Land. ——

John Goodwin of the Temple, Arrear of Rent. 1410 10

Sir Ilamond Le-Strange, at Norwich, Parcels of Land.

Wm. Barnes, of EJlwich in Norfolk, Parcels of Land.

Dionijius Wakering, in Essex, Pasture Ground.

Martin Walker, of the Isle of Thanet, Parcels of Land.

John Afckam, a Reversion of a Lease.

Capt. Wm. Reeve, Overplus of Money.

Capt. Henry Goodwin of Henley, several Arms.

Robt. Ashton, Esq; an Arrear of Rent since the Fourth of King Charles, also the Land itself. John Selden, Books out of the King's Library.

A Catalogue of Books at Syon College.

Many Bonds given, &V.

Divers second Moieties.

Many Entries of Discoveries.

Many false Reprises.

Undervalues and Frauds in Sale.

Mem11". Receiver's Accompts.

11

A Bill for the due Stating and Clearing of publick Debts; and for Discovery of Frauds or Concealments of any Thing due to the Publick j was this Day read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time on this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the Horses, belonging to Col. Harrison, which are seized upon in be brought

up to the Mewfe, and kept there till further Order: And that Capt. Worfwicke do take care to fee this Order put in Execution.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to the Commissioners in the County of Stafford, who seized the Horses of Col. Harrison, for their Care and good Service: And that Col. Bowyer do return them the Thanks of this House.

The Lord President reports, from the Council of State, Two Letters, to them directed, from the Earl of Winchelsea, dated at Dover the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Instant, concerning the seizing the Person of Sir Henry Mildmay, and of Jacob Stephens, of Lambeth-Marsh, and K " John

John Fader, Sir Henry sServant, at Rye, from whence

they were conveyed to Dover by a Party of the Earl of Winchelsea'?, Horse, and there secured; which were

read:

He a'so reports several Examinations and Informations, taken before the Earl of which came

inclosed in one of the said Letters;

The Copy of a Relation of the taking some Paflen-/ gers in their Escape at Rye, signed by John John

Dallet, and John Eve, 17 May 1660;

The Examination of Samuel Clerk of the Paf-

sage, at Rye, 17 May 1660;

The Examination of Sir Hairy 17 May

1660;

The Examination of Jacob Stevens, 17 May 1660 j

The Examination cf John Packer, 17 May 1660;

The voluntary Information of Edward Price, taken at Hythe 5 April 1660, concerning Words spoken by

Mr. Lawrence Knot, late Governor of Sandgate Castle in the County of Kent;

The Examination of the said Lawrence Knot, taken before the Earl of Winchelsea 17 May 1660;

Which were read.

Ordered, That it be refefred back to the Council of State to take Order for bringing up the said Per-Ibns, and for examining of WitndTes and Parties , and to secure such of them as they shall see Cause , and to take care that the Monies and Goods, seized in the Hands of Sir Henry Mildmay, be secured, lb as to be forthcoming -, and to give such Rewards to the Soldiers employed in this Service, as they shall judge meet.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to the Earl of Winchelsea, for his great Care and good Service about the seizing and securing Sir Henry Mildmay, and the other Persons with him, and his other Proceedings about that Business: And that it be referred to the Council of State to fend the Order of Thanks to his Lordship accordingly.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Council of State to take care that Samuel Bemhrig, Clerk of the Passage at Rye, be discharged of that Employment; and to see the Charge thereof put into a safe Hand.

The House being informed of a desperate Person, who, in his publick Teaching, at a Meeting in Alley in Coleman-Street, on Thursday last, did revile the King's Majesty;

Ordered, That the Lord Mayor of the City of London do forthwith fend for the Party who gave the said Information, and for the Party again (I whom the Information is given, so soon as his Name shall be known and forthwith, to secure him, and to make a speedy and thorough Examination of the Business.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Examination of Mr. Secretary Thurloe's Business is referred, do receive Information of all Matters which shall reflect upon the Safety or Honour of the King's Majesty, and to proceed to a thorough Examination thereupon, and secure the Persons concerned, as they shall find necelfa-ry v and to fend for Persons, Papers, and Witnesses, and what else may conduce to the Business j and from time to time to report to the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rich and Mr. Eft-court, Two Mailers of the Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to wait upon you, and desire a Conference this Morning at Eleven Clock, in the Painted Chamber, concerning the Votes lent to them Yesterday against the Judges, that adjudged the King to Death.

Resolved, That this House do grant a Conference with the Lords, as is desired: And that Mr. Sir Wm.

Lewis, Mr. Pryn, and Mr. Finch, be a Committee to manage the Conference with the Lords.

The Messengers being again called in, Mr. Speaker gave them this Answer;

Gentlemen, The House has considered of your Mefi-sage *, and agree to a Conference, at die Time and Place, as is desired.

Mr. Finch reports, from the Committee to prepare Bills, a Bill to make void Grants of Titles of Honour, Offices, Royalties, Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, under several Great Seals, granted since Day of May 164.2 which was

this Day read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time on Tuesday Morning next.

The House, according to former Order, resolved it self into a Grand Committee, to consider of Ways for the speedy raising of a considerable Sum of Money, for Satisfaction of the Arrears due to the Army and Navy.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair;

Sir Tho. Widdrington took the Chair:

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair:

Sir 'Thomas Widdrington reports, from the said Grand Committee, the Relblve of the said Committee, that a Poll- Bill be brought in, for and towards the raising of the Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds.

Resolved, That a Poll- Bill be brought in, for and towards the raising of the fad Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds.

Resolved, That this House be resolved into a Grand Committee, upon this Business, on Monday Morning Nine Clock.

The House adjourns till Monday Morning Eight of Clock.

Monday, May 21th, 1660.

Prayers.

MR. Annejley reports the Conference had with the

Lords, on Saturday last, touching the Votes for securing the Persons, and Estates, of the Persons, who fat in Judgment upon the late King, when Sentence of Death was pronounced against him; that the Lords do not agree to these Votes, as they were brought up, in respect they do intrench upon the ancient Privileges of their House; Judicature in Parliament being solely in the Lords House; and the Votes brought up were such.

That notwithstanding, their Lordships were lo careful of the Matter, as they would not lose Time for the Manner; and therefore have issued out an Order of their own, fdr doing That which was desired; in which Order, Col. Thomlinfon is omitted, according to the Desire of the House of Commons:

That the third Vote relates to a Council of State, which the Lords conceive not in Being; and therefore have resolved, that such Emergencies, as shall necessarily arise during his Majesty's Absence, and until his Plea-lure be further known, for his Majesty's Service, and the Peace of the Kingdom, shall be transacted, henceforth, by the Committee of Lords and Commons appointed for the Reception of his Majesty; wherein their Lordships desire the Concurrence of the House of Commons.

Ordered, That Serjeant Hales, Serjeant Browne, Mr. Finch, Mr. Turner, Serj. Maynard, Sir Wm. Lewis, Seij. Glyn, Mr. Powell, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Char let on. Sir John Northcot, Mr. Swayle, Ld. President Annesley, Ld, Commissioner Widdrington, be a Committee to peruse the Journal Books, state Matter of Fast upon the whole Matter of this Conference, and prepare Heads for a free Conference with the Lords; and are to meet this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

_ Ordered,

Ordered, That the Council of State do forthwith take Order for the flopping of all the Ports j to the end that none of those, who are ordered to be apprehended, as having fat in Judgment upon the late King's Majesty, may make Escape beyond the Seas; taking care, that this Pireflion be executed in such a Way as may be most advantageous for the Service, and by such Persons they shall judge fit to be trusted in this Cafe.

Resolved, That no Money or Bullion be exported out of this Realm, to any Parts beyond the Seas, without the Approbation of Parliament , and that it be referred to the Council of State to take care thereof and, upon any Address made to them for Liberty in that Behalf, to report the same to this House, for their Direction therein.

The Lord President reports from the Council of State, that Col. 'Thomas Harrison being, by Order of this House, sent up in Custody , the Council of State, in order to their Service, and for his better securing, have issued a Warrant for his Commitment to the Tower for High-Treason, till he shall be thence delivered by due Course of Law: wherein the Pleasure of the House was humbly prayed:

Resolved, That this House doth approve of what the Council of State have done, in committing Col. Harrison to the Tower for High-Treason.

Whereas Col. Thomas Harrison is committed Prisoner to the Tower for High-Treason, by Warrant from the Council of State;

Resolved, That Col. Thomas Harrison be kept close Prisoner: And the Lieutenant of the Tower is to take Order accordingly , and to permit him to have one Servant with him, under the same close Restraint with Jiimself.

Ordered, That it be left to the Council of State to give Order to the Lieutenant of the Tower, for permitting, or not permitting, the Wife of Major Creed, now ft dole Prisoner in the Tower, to remain with him, in his close Restraint, as they shall see Cause.

The Lord President also reports from the Council of State, that several Complaints have been made to the Council of State, of the Seizure of Goods, in several Places, by private Persons, without any legal Authority; on Colour that they belong to his Majesty, and ether-wife , particularly. Three Cabinets, daimed by Col. Lambert's Lady, which, in their Passage from Wimbleton, were seized upon at Battersea as the King's Goods j though she offers Testimony, that they were bought new within these Five or Six Years: And a Horse of Colonel Charles Fleetwood's, in his Way to London (whither he was coming up, under the Charge of Col. Fleetwood's Servant, for Sir Lyonell Talniarsh) was seized by one Warner, Colonel Fleetwoods Neighbour; and is now with Captain Crane of Castle Rising, a Militia Officer; wherein the Pleasure of the House was humbly prayed:

Resolved, That it be referred to the Members of this House, who are Members of the Council of State, to consider of all Seizures, which shall be represented to them to be made by any Persons, of Goods, whether as belonging to the King's Majesty, or to any of those Persons who are ordered, by this House, to be secured; <and to give such Orders as shall be meet for their Preservation and Security.

Resolved, That the Horse, belonging to Col. Charles Fleetwood, which was seized by one Warner, be forthwith restored to Col. Fleetwood: And that the Three Cabinets, claimed by Col. Lambert's Wife, and seized at Battersea, be also restored to her; it first appearing that the same do not belong to the King's Majesty: Which the Council of State are to put into a Way of Examination -, as also whether any W'ritings are in them of publick Importance; to which End they are to be opened i and, if any of the said Writings shall be found to

be of publick Importance, the Council of State are to secure them.

Resolved, That Col. John who, as the

House was this Day informed, is seized upon by the Sheriff of Essex, (being found near the Sea Side in those Parts) be forthwith sent up in Custody, by the said Sheriff, to the Council of State who are to examine him touching the Cause of his being in those Parts; and, upon his Examination, to commit him, or set him at Liberty, as they shall find Cause.

Resolved, That Two new Maces be forthwith provided, one for this House, and the other for the Council of State, with the Crown and King's Majesty's Arms, and such other Ornaments as have been usual: And it is referred to the Council of State to take care, that the same be provided accordingly.

The House being informed, that Two Quakers, (that is to say) George Fox, and RobGreffmgham, have lately made a great Disturbance at Harwich , and that the said George Fox, who pretends to be a Preacher, did lately, in his preaching the re, speak Words much reflecting on the Government and Ministry, to the near causing of a Mutiny, and is now committed by the Mayor and Magistrates there;

Ordered, That the said George Fox, and Robert Gref-Jlngham, be forthwith brought up in Custody: And that the Sheriff of the County of do receive them, and give his Assistance for the conveying them up accordingly, and delivering them into the Charge of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to the Mayor and Magistrates of Harwich, for their Care in this Business.

Intimation being this Day given to this House, that the Earl of Worcester is well content that Chepstow-Castle, whereof he is Owner, be slighted, and demoJished;

Resolved, That it be referred to the Lord General Monckj upon speaking with the Earl of Worcester and the Lord Herbert therein, to give such Order, both as to the slighting or demolishing of the said Castle, and to the Way of doing it, as he shall find meet; and also to dispose of the Magazine, and Ordnance, and other publick Ammunition there, as shall be most for the securing diereof, for his Majesty's Service.

Resolved, That One thousand Pounds, advanced by Alderman John Robinson, towards the Charge of pre-

paring Requisites for his Majesty's Reception, be repaid to the said Alderman, with Interest, after Six per Cent. out of the first Monies that shall come in upon the Twenty thousand Pounds assigned for that Service: And that the Council of State take Order accordingly.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to Alderman John Robinson, for his Forwardness to accommodate this Service.

Mr. Turner reports, from the Committee for Privileges and Elections, the same upon the Return for the Borough of Saint Alban's in the County of Hertford that, upon Examination of the Fact, it appeared, that, according to the Poll taken by the Officers appointed thereunto by the Mayor of the said Borough, Wm. Fox-wifi, Esq; had the greater Number of Voices than Col. Alban Cox , and that although by the Poll, taken by another Person, who was not appointed by the Mayor, Col. Cox had a greater Number of Voices than the said Mr. Foxwifi, the Committee are notwithstanding of

Opinion, the said other Officer being not so appointed by the Mayor, that the said Mr. Foxwifi is duly elected, and ought to fit.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the said Mr. is duly electe^, and

do fit in this House.

4 T _ * # "*

48 Journals of the House of Commons. A. 1660.

lie also Reports, from the said Committee, the Caife Upon the double Return for the City of Chichester in the County of Sussex; that, upon Examination of, the Fact, the Questlon appeared to be, whether the free Citizens alone, or the Commonalty at large, ought to elect; and that, upon View of their own Books, it appeared, that for One-and-twenty Parliaments^ the Commonalty, as well as the Citizens, had Had Voice in the electing of Mefnbers to serve in Parliament -, and that thereupon the Committee were of Opinion,' that the Commonalty of the said Borough, together with the free Citizens, have Right of Election; and that John,

Gentlerhan; is accordingly duly elected, and ought so fit.

Refolded, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the said Mr. Farrington is duly defied, and dd fit in this House; and that the Mayor of the said City be forthwith called in, and amend the said Return accordingly.

He also reports froth the said Committee, tha't the Jtlaybr of Chichester had several ancient Precedents offered

unto him, to shew the Commonalty's Right to elefl for that City; and that the Recorder of the City offered him his Advice therein , nevertheless the Mayor refused to own the Precedents, or hearken to the said Advice.

Ordered, That the said Mayor be forthwith committed to the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, till further Order.

The Mayor of Chichester,' according to the Order of this Day, came, together with the Clerk of the Crown, so the Clerk's Table; and amended the Return for the City of Chichester; the Name of John , Gentleman, being inserted in the Place of Win. , Esq-,

The Mayor of Chichester was this Day called to the 6ar of this House; and, kneeling the re, Mr. Speaker did let him know, that the House had considered of the Return by him made for the City of Chichester; and that tkey look upon his Carriage therein as a wilful Contempt, having refused to admit the Voices of the Commonalty to make Election; it appearing, that, for One-and-twenty several Parliaments, they, as well as the Citizens, had Votes for the elefling of Members to serve in Parliament; and that therefore the Error was wilful, and done in Contempt of this Authority, and in Breach of his Trust; and that though his Offence deserved a more severe Punishment, yet there being a Disposition in this House to extend Mercy, they have contented them-ielves with his Restraint; and that therefore he Hands Committed for this Contempt to the Serjeant at Arms.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair:

Sir Thomas Widdrington took the Chair:

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair:

Sir Thomas Widdrington reports from the Grand Committee, for raising Money to pay the Arrears of the Army and Navy, that the Committee desire the Leave of this House so fit Tomorrow at Nine a Clock.

Resolved, That this House be resolved into a Grand Committee Tomorrow Morning at Nine of the Clock, upon this Business.

Resolved, That this House doth declare, that no Person presume to seize any Man's Goods, but by Order of Parliament, or other legal Warrant; and that such Orders and Warrants be executed by. known Officers.

! Tuesday, 22th Ma 1660. Prayers.

A Letter from on Board the Norwich Frigate in

horough Bay, the 20th of May, 1660, at Six of the Clock in the Afternoon, from Dr. Thomas , was this Day read.

Col. Hugh Bethell being elected to serve in this Parliament, as a Burgess for the Borough of Hedent and also

for the Borough of Beverly, in the county of ,

elects to serve for the Borough of , and waves his Election for Beverly.,

Ordered, That a new Writ do issue for the Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Beverly aforesaid; and that Mr. Speaker do fend his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, for the issuing of a new Writ for the Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Borough: And that the Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal, or any Two of them, are hereby required to issue out, and pals the lame, under the Great Seal accordingly.

The Lord General Moncke being defied to serve id Parliament, as a Knight for the County of , and as a Burgess for the University of , elefls to serve

for the County of Devon, and waves his Election for Cambridge: -

Ordered, That a new Writ do issue for the Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the University of Cambridge aforesaid and that Mr. Speaker do fend his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, for the issuing of a new Writ for the Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said University: And that the Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal, or any Two of them, are hereby required to issue out, andl pals the feme, under the Great SeaT accordingly.

Mr. Peirpont reports a Bill for taking away the Court of Wards, and Liveries, and all Tenures by Knight Service in Capite *, or of Mesne-Lands by Knight Service; which was this Day read the first Time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read the Second time on Thursday Morning next.

Whereas William Haveningham Esquire, one of those who fat in Judgment upon the late King, hath demifed one Messuage with the Appurtenances, and divers Goods, by Schedule, unto Earl of Kildare;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee, to whom the securing of Goods of that Nature is referred, to take care, that an Inventory be taken of the said Goods, and to take Security from the Earl of , for the

safe keeping of the said Goods, and that the same shall be forthcoming: And that all other Goods in the said House belonging to Mr. Heveni, not leased to the said Earl, be also inventoried, and seized on, and secured in like Manner, to the Use of the King's Majesty.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House with several Informations given in against several Persons, for lpeaking dangerous Words against the King's Majesty.

The Information of Adrian' , Wife of Pinkard, was read.

Ordered, That these Informations be referred to the Committee, appointed to receive Informations of this Nature, to examine the Matters, fend for and secure the Persons, and report the feme, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Ordered, That it be referred, and hereby it is recommended, to the Lord General to do as he shall

find Cause, for the restoring of Colonel Henry Ingoldjly to his late Command at Limericke in Ireland.

Ordered, That the Lord General Moncke have the Leave of this House to go and attend his Majesty at his Landing, at such Time as he shall please: And that the like Leave be given to such other Members of this House, as he shall desire to accompany him.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee, to whom the Consideration of settling a Revenue for the King's Majesty is referred, to consider what is fit to be done in the same of Estates now under Sequestration , and to make Report to the House: And Col. and Sir Anthony Irby are added to the same Committee.

A Bill for continuing judicial Proceedings was this Day read the Second time; and, upon the Question, committed to Mr. Seij. HaCol. West, Mr. Skip-

with, Ld. Commissioner W, Sir Anth.

Mr. Ilopkins, Seij. Maynard, Mr. , Sir John

ple, Mr. Bulkeley, Mr. Sparkes, Col. , Col. K/wg-,

Col. Roftiter, Mr. Swaile, Mr. Mr. Hunt,

Col. Bowyer, Seij. G/yw, Mr. , Mr. West on, Mr.

Trelawny, Ld. Commissioner Terrill, Sir JFa//.

Mr. Atkins, Mr. Ellison, Mr. Lee, Sir Tho. Wroth, Col. Birch, Mr. Shaw, Mr. Knight, Mr. Stephens, Mr.

Charleton, Mr. Knightly, Mr. Stanhope, Mr. Streete, Mr. iVy», Mr. Lee, and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet on Thursday in the Afternoon, at Three of Clock, in the Inner Court of Wards.

The humble Petition of Col. Edward Freeman, Go-vemour of Cardiffe Cattle, was this Day read.

Ordered, That this Petition be referred to the Committee for Privileges and Elections, to be by them heard in Course.

A Bill for making void of Grants, made since May 1642, of Titles of Honour, Offices, Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, passed under several Great Seals, by the late King Charles, or the King's Majesty that now is, or any other Great Seal, was this Day read the Second time; and, upon the Question, committed to Mr. Seymour, Mr. Sir Wm.

Wheeler, Col. Boyer, Col. Mr. Knightly, Mr.

Stephens, Mr. Geoderick, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Sir Dudly North, Sir Walter Earle, Mr. Swale, Col. King, Mr. Ccafar, Mr. Bancks, Mr. Ellison, Mr. Litton, Sir Hen. Xelverton, Mr. Stanhope, Sir John Potts, Col. Hatcher, Mr. Downey, Sir John Hotham, Seij. Sir Wm>

Lewis, Mr. Poole, Mr. Streete, Mr. Garden, Mr. Trover, Seij. Hales, Col. Birch, Sir Ralph Mr.

Bradshaw, Mr. Finch, Aid. Mr. Swinfin, Ld.

President Annejley, Sir Anth. Irby, Mr. Toung, Earl of

Kildare, Ld. Commissioner Widdrington, Serj. Glyn, Col. Standyjh, Sir John Temple, Mr. Hele, Mr.

Mr. Perrepont, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Bulkeley, Mr. Capell, Sir Wm. Day ley, Seij. Littleton, Mr. Henley, Mr. Gott, Mr. Shaw, Mr. Hunt,- and Mr. Thurland; who are to meet in the Queen's Court, at Two of the Clock this Afternoon.

Mr. Annejly reports, from the Committee to whelm it was referred to prepare Heads to be Matter of a Con* ference to be had with the Lords, these Heads for a Conference-, viz.

I.

1. Take notice, that there wa§ no Complaint, in this Cafe, made by the Commons; nor is there any Entry thereof in their Journal.

2. If there had been a Complaint preceding, the Lords could not have proceeded as they have, in a judicial Way, without Consent of the Commons.

3. As this same is, the Point of Judicature is hot in Question; for,

1. This Order, sent by the Commons to the Lords for their Concurrence, is not in a judicial, but in a extraordinary Way; and for a notorious and transcendent Crime.

2. The Law allowed no such Proceeding regularly before Conviction.

3. This was in order only to bring them to a judicial Proceeding.

4. The Lords sent several Orders to the Commons, in the Cafes of Sales, securing Rents, and hindering, cutting, or felling Wood and Timber, wherein the Commons concurred, and This before the Parties heard; and This in a same of Members of the Lords House; All being assented to as Cafes of Extremity.

XI*

I. We cannot admit the Lords Judicature so largely

as they afiert it but Judicature, as aforesaid, not being in Question, we decline this Dispute.

2. The Lords, we conceive, intrench upon the Commons Privileges; for Col. a Member of

the House of Commons, could not be under such an Order of the Lords upon any Account, unless the Commons Order had been coniented so.

3. By this Way, if allowed, the Lords may vary from any Orders sent up by the Commons, without a Conference, and ground their Variation upon pretended Complaint of the Commons, when there is none.

4. The printing of the Lords Order, before the Conference with the Commons, or their Consent, is a further intrenching oh the Privilege of the Commons.

Resolved, 1. That a free Conference be defined with the Lords, upon the Matter of the last Conference.

Resolved, 2. That Mr. Munfon do desire a free Conference with the Lords accordingly.

Resolved, That the Committee, to whom it was referred to prepare Heads for a free Conference, be the Committee to manage the said Conference.

Ordered, That the Members of this House, who are of the Council of State, be required to take a special Care for the ordering and managing of the Revenue of the Letter Offices, to the best Advantage of the King*9 Majesty, according to their former Instructions.

The humble Petition of divers Persons, interested in publick Sales, was read.

Ordered, That this Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill of Sales is referred, to take the same into their Consideration.

Mr. Finch reports from the Committee, to whom the Act of General Pardon was referred, a Letter from Thomas Walcott to Sir John Clotworthy, and others j which was read.

Mr. Mounson reports, that, according to the Commands of this House, he waited upon the Lords, and desired a free Conference, according to the Order of this House} that the Lords have granted a free Conference, as is desired; and have appointed the Painted Chamber for the Place, and the Time to be presently.

Mr. Annejley reports, from the Committee for manageing the Conference with the Lords, that, according to the Order of the House, they had met with the Lords in the Painted Chamber; where they expected a free Conference; but the Lords waved it, funher, than as they desired us to stay awhile, promising to come to us again; which they did shortly after; and then the Earl of Manchester, in the Name of the House of Peers, acquainted the Committee, that they did, with equal Kind-ness, entertain the Apprehensions of a Tenderness for a good Understanding betwixt the Two Houses, which shall ever be their Care; and that some of these Points being of great Concernment, and some of them new Matters, they would consider seriously of them, and pals such Resolutions therein, as will shew their Desires to keep a good Correspondence betwixt the Two Houses.

A Letter from Thomas Walcott, dated May the 21th, 1660, touching Words spoken by Sir Edward -Harris and Mr. Johnson, was read.

The House being informed, that Mr. Thomas Walcott, (who writ the said Letter) and Sir John Clotworthy, were at the Door; they were called in -, and Mr. Walcott being shewed the Letter at the Bar, he owned the Letter to be all his Hand-Writing; and did avow and justify the Contents of the said Letter to be truly recited.

Resolved, That Sir Edward Fitze-Harris and Mr. Johnson be forthwith sent for in Custody, by the Serjeant at Arms attending tills House.

L Ordered,

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider of the said Letter; and to prepare such Things, upon the present Debate, as they mail conceive necessary, for preventing the Mischiefs and Inconveniencies taken notice of*, and so as all Officers may be required to put the Laws against Recusants in effectual Execution: And that Mr. Shapcott, Mr. Pryn, Seij. Glyn, Sir Jo. cott, Sir Henry Telverton, Seij. Maynard, Ld. Angier, Col. King, Serj. Hales, Sir Jo. Temple, Mr.

Mr. Toting, Mr. Palmer, Ld. President Armejley, Ld. General, Sir Walter Earle, Mr. Bulkley, Sir Wm. Lewis, Mr. Ttimer, Mr. Morris, Seij. Browne, or any Five of them, be the said Committee: And they are to meet this Afternoon in the Speaker's Chamber, at Three of the Clock} and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, Witnesses, and what else may conduce to the Business.

Wednesday^ 23th M 1660.

Prayers.

T^Efolved, &c. That the Members of this House, who are of the Council of State, do take care that all such Goods, belonging to any Persons, who fat in Judgment upon his late Majesty, when the Sentence was pronounced, as are or shall be seized, be duly inventoried and secured; and in order thereunto, so dispose of them, that they may be forthcoming, and a good Account given of them upon all Occasions, for his Majesty's Service.

Mr. Turner reports from the Committee for Elections and Privileges, in the same of the double Return for the Borough of Taveftocke in the County of Devon; that, upon Examination of the Fact, the Question appeared to be, whether the Freeholders alone, or the Freeholders and Inhabitants of the said Borough, had Right to elect Members to serve in Parliament; and that the Committee were of Opinion, that the Freeholders and Inhabit* ants at large have Right to elect; and that George Howard, Esquire, who is returned by one Indenture, having a greater Number of Voices than Elize Crymes, who is returned by another Indenture, is duly elected, and ought to fit.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the said Mr. Howard is duly elected, and do fit in this House.

He also reports from the said Committee, upon the double Return for the Borough of in the County of Wilts; that, upon Examination of the Fast, the Question appeared to be, whether the Freeholders alone, or the Freeholders and Inhabitants, have Right to elect Members to serve in Parliament for that Borough; and that the Committee were of Opinion, the Freeholders and Inhabitants have Right to elect; and that William Thomas Esquire, returned by one of the Indentures, having a greater Number of Votes than Sir John Evelyn Knight, Who is returned by the other Indenture, is duly elected, and ought to fit.

Resolved, That this House doth £gree with the Committee, that the Freeholders and Inhabitants have Right to elect; and that the said Mr. Thomas is duly elected, and do fit in this House.

He also reports, from the Committee, the same upon the double Return for the Borough of in the County of Berks , that, upon Examination of the Fact,

the Question appeared to be, whether the Word " Bv.r-genfes., mentioned in the Charter, extends to the Inhabitants within the Borough; and that the Committee were of Opinion, they do extend to the said Inhabitants; and that, lubftrafting Two of the Electors, who were Aliens, and Four-and-fifty who received Relief in the Town, and are standing Almsmen there. Sir John Stonehouse, Baronet, who is returned by one Indenture, had a greater Number of Voices than John,

Esquire, who is returned by another Indenture; and that therefore the said Sir John Stonehouse is duly elected, and ought to fit.

Resolved, That this House do agree with the Committee, that the said Sir George Stonehouse is duly elected, and do fit in this House.

The Clerk of the Crown in Chancery came up to the Clerk's Table, and amended the Return for Abingdon in the County of Berks *, inferring the Name of Sir John Stonehouse instead of the Name of John Lentball j and the other Indenture was withdrawn.

The Clerk of the Crown in Chancery did also, at the Clerk's Table, withdraw the Indenture, whereby Sir Jo. Evelyn was returned with Mr. Pryn for Ludgerfall in the County of Wilts.

He also withdrew the Indenture, whereby Mr. Crymes is returned with William Russell, Esquire, for Tavtfiocke in the County of Devon.

Ordered, That the Mayor of Abingdon in the County of Berks do forthwith stand committed to the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, till further Order, in respect of his neglecting to give his Attendance for amending the Return for the said Borough, according to the Direction given him by the Committee for Privileges.

Ord&ed, That it be referred to the Committee for Privileges and Elections, to examine whether there be any Mistake upon the late Amendment of the Return for the Borough of St. Edmond's-Bury in the County of Suffolk', and, if they find any, to see the lafne rectified.

A Bill for maintaining the just Rights and Privileges of Parliament, and confirming the fundamental Laws, was this Day read the First time.

The Question being propounded, that this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning:

And the Question being put, that this Question be how put j

It palfed in the Affirmative:

And, the main Question being put} it was

Resolved, That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Pryn do, on Saturday next, bring in the Report from the Committee, to whom it is referred to peruse the Journals, and to examine what Votes have passed, that are inconsistent with the fundamental Government, by King, Lords, and Commons.

Mr. Annejly, Lord President, reports from the Council of State, an Estimate of the Charge of several Particulars, necessary to be provided for the Accommodating of his Majesty, and the Dukes of Torkc and Gloucester i viz.

As

43

5

An Estimate of the Charge of making up of a rich Cloth of State* with a Chair, Three Stools* and Two Cushions, out of an old Canopy of State, and some imperfect Furniture of a Crimson Velvet Bed suitable.

Will amount unto the Sum of about ..... - - — - ..... -

For repairing of an old Chair of State, with Three Stools suitable to it, ----- > —

For repairing, with some Additions, of the rich incarnate Velvet Bed, being for the Reception of

his Majesty, before the other can be made, ——

For a Counterpoint to it, which will contain Thirty Yards of Cloth of Silver, lined with Bays

and Taffaty Sarfenet, ..... — — — — ..... ——

Three Pair of fine Fustian Blankets, ——

For Twelve new Fustian and Holland Quilts for his Majesty's incarnate Velvet Bed, and the Two

For Three Pair of the best Spanish Blankets for thofeBeds, ----- -- - — ..... »---

For Three large fine round Down Bolsters, ' ' - -

For Three necessary Stools of Velvet for those Beds, < ——

For Three French Tables for those Beds, — ' ——

For Thirty Pallet Beds, of the largest Size, for the two Dukes; Thirty Tapestry Counterpoints, and

Thirty Pair of Blankets, — - - — -

Twelve Pair of fine Holland Sheets for the Dukes of Torke and own Beds, — - ——

For Making and Washing these Twelve Pair of Sheets, ..... — -

For Sixty Pair of Sheets, for Thirty Pallat Beds aforesaid, will cost ——

For Making and Washing these Sixty Pair of Sheets, - — . —

For Twelve Pounds of sweet Powder to put to the whole Provision of Sheets,..... ' —

For Ten Damask Curtains, containing 240 Yards of Damask, and lined with Fustian* and Making, with Rings and Tape to them* > - —

J

£ d,

200 —

20 — i — m

JO — —

46 — -

l6 lO

48 ——

12 — —

9 ——

go —

3 18 -63b — —

172 16 — i 6 12 — 267 10 —

Total 1721 —

Which was read and approved of.

Ordered, That it referred to the Counfcil bf State* to take care, that the same be provided accordingly.

Mr. Jnnefley, Lord President, reports, from the Coun-

cil of State, an Order of the said Council, dated the 3d of May, 1660, that the Officers in the Alienation-Office be paid their respective Salaries, and usual Allowance due unto them, since they received their last Salary out of the Profits, which arise out of that Office j and that the Receiver of the said Profits do pay the same accordingly.

Resolved, That this House doth approve of the said Order; and that the Receiver therein mentioned do pay the Salaries and Allowances to the said Officers of the Alienadon-Office, according to the Tenor of the said Order.

He allb reports, from the Council of State, a Complaint from the Commissioners of the Excise, with the Draught of an Order for Redress of the Inconveniencies complained of; which were read.

The humble Petition of Thomas Morris and William Dodson, Farmers of the Customs and Excise in was read.

Ordered, That a Committee do withdraw, and pen a Declaration about bringing in the Excise, according to the Debate of the House *, viz.

Mr. Shapcott, Mr. Ptjn, Mr. Finch, Mr.

Col. Birch, Serjeant Maynard, Lord President Col. White, Mr. Bampfeild, Lord Atrtgier.

A Letter from the Members of Parliament, sent to attend the King's Majesty, with an Answer to his Majesty's Letter from the Parliament, dated at the Hague, — If May, 1660, was read.

Ordered, That the Act for general Pardon and Oblivion be reported, on Saturday Morning next, from the Committee, to whom it is referred.

Ordered, That the said Committee do forbear to lit thereupon after this Day.

Ordered, That a Proviso, concerning the Lady be sent to the said Committee for their Consideration.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rich and Mr. Eden, two Mailers of the Chancery,

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to wait

Upon you with an Order, which concerns Writings, Orders, and Evidences, in the Hands of Mr. Phelps: They desire, that the Clerks of both Houses do take an Inventory of them , and that Edward Rich, Esquire, may have the Inspection of them, and continue of Counsel in that Business to which Order your Concurrence is desired by the Lords:

Which Order was read, being as followeth;

Ordered, By the Lords and Commons, in Parliament assembled, that the Clerks of both Houses of Parliament do take an Inventory of all the Records, Books, Papers, Indentures, and Writings, in the keeping of Mr. John Pbelpes, belonging to the Publick, and remaining in the House of the said John Pbelpes; and that Edward Rich, of Lincolns-Itm, Esquire, shall have the Inspection of them, and continue of Counsel therein as formerly; and that the late Commissioners shall give a speedy and perfect Account to the fad Edward Rich, Esquire, to present to both Houses of Parliament, of all Monies, Profits, Rents, Fines, Disbursements, and Salaries, to themselves, or any other touching the fame.

Resolved, That this House doth conctir with the Lords in this Order.

The Messengers were again called in; and Mr. Speaker gave them this Answer;

Gentlemen, the House hath Considered of all that you brought from the Lords; and they do concur.

Ordered, That after the Inventory of Mr.

Books is taken, the Keys of Mr. ' Rooms, where

some of the Books are secured, which were now delivered by Mr. Pryn to the Clerk of this House, be by him brought back to this House, for their further Direction therein; and that the Nine-and-twenty Books, which were removed out of that House, and are since recovered, be also inventoried.

Another Message from the Lords, by Dr. Child and Mr. , Mailers of Chancery;

The Lords have appointed the Committee of the Members of their House, for the Reception of the King's Majesty, to mefct this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Prince's Lodgings; and desire, that the Members of this House, of that Committee, will give them a Meeting then and there.

The Messengers were again called in; and Mr. Speaker gave them this Answer;

The House hath considered of your Message, and they concur with the Lords therein.

Ordered,

Ordered, That the Petition of Mr. , and Mr.

Dodson, be referred to the Committee appointed to bring in the Bill for Excise, where Col. Birch is in the Chair, to examine the Matter of Fact, and state the fame, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein* to this House , and that Mr. , and Mr. Turner,

be added to that Committee.

The humble Petition of Angell Gray was read.

Ordered, That this Petition be referred to the Coih-mittee, to whom the Bill for general Pardon is referred, to examine the Business, and to do therein as they shall think fit.

Mr. Turner reports* from the Committee appointed to withdraw, a Declaration requiring all Persons to make Payment of the Duties of Excise, and Customs, and the Arrears thereof; which was read, and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

Ordered, That the Lords Concurrence be desired to this Declaration: And Mr. Turner is desired to carry it to the Lords.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for the railing of Money for the Army, and Navy, do consider what is fit to be done about the Excise, and Customs; whether as to the Continuance or Regulation of the Excise and Customs, or any Part of them.

Mr. Annejly reports a Declaration for apprehending all Irish Rebels; and for all Papists to depart out of the Cities of London and Westminster, and not to come within Ten Miles of the Verge of the Court; which was read.

Resolved, That the Debate upon this Declaration be taken up Tomorrow Morning the first Business.

'Thursday, 24th Mayt 1660.

Prayers.

'TiEfolved, That the Mayor of , now in

Custody with the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, be discharged and set at Liberty.

Resolved, That whoever shall advance Two thousand Pounds for the present Service of his Majesty, shall be reimbprfed the same with Interest out of the Twenty thousand Pounds, part of the Thirty thousand Pounds assigned for providing of Requisites for his Majesty's Reception.

Resolved, That Col. Samuel , Alderman

Mr. Thomas Rich, Mr. Peter and Mr. Joseph

Brand, be desired to go forthwith into the City of London, and to treat with such as they shall think fit, for procuring of the said Two thousand Pounds, to be speedily advanced for the present Service of his Majesty; the same to be secured and repaid with Interest, out of the said Twenty thousand Pounds: (And the Members of this House, who are of the Council of State, are required to take effectual Order, that the same be repaid out of the said Twenty thousand Pounds accordingly;) which this House will look upon as a very acceptable Service.

Mr. Turner did this Day carry to the Lords the Declaration passed by this House Yesterday, concerning the Excise.

A Declaration, Yesterday reported and read, for injoining Papists to depart Twenty Miles from the Cities of London and Westminster, and not to come within Ten Miles of the Verge of the Court, without a Warrant from the Speakers of both Houses, was this Day read the Second time; and, upon the Question, committed to the Committee, that brought in this Declaration, to bring in Two several Declarations; the one requiring all

Irish Rebels, and Irish Papists, now in England, to depart, or otherwise to be proceeded against according to Law, and to prohibit all Irish Papists from disturbing the Possession of any English Protestant in Ireland, but by Course of Law, or until the Parliament of or the Parliament to be called in Ireland, take further Order; and one other Declaration, to put the Laws against Popish Recusants, and against Prielis and Jesuits, especially those of 350 Eliz. and 3° Jacobi , in effectual Execution, as well against Popish Recusants convict, as against such, who have acknowledged themselves Papists, and have taken Leases of their Estates, as Recusants.

Ordered, That Mr. Finch, Mr. , Sir Gilb.

Gerrard, Mr. Hauchett, Mr. Crew, Sir Anth. Irby, Lord Com. Widdrington, Mr. Swynfin, Mr. Swayle, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Perrepoint, Mr. Broadrick, Mr.

Col. Morley, Mr. Egeock, Mr. Bodurda, Mr. Chapham, Mr. Stuart-, Sir Rich. Onslow, Seij. Twifden, Mr. John Stevens, Mr. Bradshaw, be added to that Committee: And they are to meet this Afternoon in the Court of Wards; at Three of the Clock.

Mr. Turner returns Answer from the Lords, that, as to the Order touching the impowering the Commissioners of Excise and Customs to proceed in bringing in these Duties, and the Arrears thereof, that the Lords will fend Answer by Messengers of their own.

A Message from the Lords, by Dr. Child and *, Two Mailers of the Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have returned your Order this Day lent to them, with some Alterations; to which they desire your Concurrence:

Which Amendments were read; and, after, the Order, with the said Amendments, was read.

Resolved, That this House doth concur with the Lords in the Order so amended.

The Messengers being again called in, Mr. Speaker gave them this Answer;

Gentlemen, The House hath considered of your Message and Order, together with the Amendments thereof sent from the Lords; and they do concur with the Lords therein:

Which Order, so amended, is as followeth;

The Lords and Commons in Parliament assembled, taking into their Consideration the urgent Occasions for the present Payment of the Duty of Excise and Customs, do hereby declare, that the Commissioners for Appeals, and Regulation of Excise and Customs, Commissioners Of the Excise and Customs respectively, and their Sub-Commissioners and Collectors, and other Officers in the several Counties and Places of this Kingdom, shall proceed effectually, not only in the collecting of the growing Duties, but in the getting in of all Arrears, both of Excise and Customs, continued by an Act or Ordinance, beginning the 25th Day of February last, and ending the 24th Day of June next, according to the several Powers to them respectively, given thereby, and during the Time aforesaid: And it is further declared, that all Brewers of Beer and Ale, and other Persons concerned, do, from time to time, make Payment of what they, and every of them, are charged with, or liable to, as they will answer their Neglect in a Time, when his Majesty's and the Kingdom's Service and Occasions require the most punctual Satisfaction of what is. respectively due from them.

Ordered, That the Bill for taking away Tenures by Knights Service, and inCapite, the Courts of Wards and Liveries, be read Tomorrow Morning-, and next after That, the Bill for Maintenance of the just Rights and Privileges of Parliament, and for confirming the fundamental Laws.

Friday,

12 Gar. II. Journals of the House of Commoni 4?

Friday, 25th May, 1660.

Prayers.

f\Rdered, That the Declaration for bringing in the Duty of Excise, and the Arrears thereof, be forthwith printed and published.

Alderman Fredericke reports, that he, and the other Gentlemen, Members of this House, appointed to go into the City of London, to procure the Advancement of Two thousand Pounds for his Majesty's present Service, did accordingly go into the City , but, finding Difficulty therein, they have determined themselves to advance the said Sum of Two thousand Pounds, for the Use aforesaid; and are ready to pay it in, upon the Security appointed by the Order of this House of Yesterday.

Ordered, That the Sum of Two thousand Pounds, advanced by Alderman FredrickMr. Thomas , Col. Samuel Jones, Mr. Peter M, and Mr. Joseph Brand, be repaid to them, or their Assigns, with Interest, out of the first Money to come in of the Twenty thousand Pounds, Part of the Thirty thousand Pounds appointed towards making necessary Preparations for the King's Majesty's Reception, next after the Sum of One thousand Pounds advanced by Alderman Robinson for that Service.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given unto Alderman Fredrick, Mr. Thomas , Col. Samuel Jones, Mr. Peter Middleton, and Mr. Joseph Brand, for their Forwardness in advancing the said Two thousand Pounds for this present Service.

Mr. Speaker gave unto them the Thanks of this House accordingly.

Ordered, That Mr. John Knight, Mr. Shaw, Mr. Streete, Col. King, Mr. Swale, Col. Jones, Serj. Halles, Mr. Win. Philips, Mr. Middleton, Mr. Devereux, Sir JVm. Doyly, Mr. Wingfeild, Col. West, Mr. Trelawney, be added to the Committee, to whom the examining of Discoveries, offered to this House, is referred.

Ordered, That Sir Walter Earle do go to the Lords, and quicken them in passing the Bill of Assessment.

Ordered, That Sir William Mr. Finch, Mr-

Perrepoint, and Mr. Turner, do presently withdraw, and prepare the Draught of a Letter to his Majesty from this House, for congratulating of his Majesty's safe Landing; to be delivered by the Commissioners attending his Majesty, from this House, at the Time of his Landing.

A Bill for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and all Tenures inCapite, or by Knight Service, was this Day read the Second time , and, upon the Question, committed to a Committee of the whole House.

The Question being propounded, that the Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds a Year, to be settled on the King's Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors, in lieu of taking away the Court of Wards, and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service, be generally charged upon all Lands;

And the Question being put, that this Question be now put;

It passed with the Affirmative:

And the main Question being put; it was

Resolved, That the Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds a Year, to be settled on the King's Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors, in lieu of taking away the Court of Wards, and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knight Service, be generally charged upon all Lands.

The humble Petition of the Officers of the late Court of Wards, and Liveries, was read.

Ordered, That this Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries is referred} to take the fame

into Consideration; and how the Petitioners may have Satisfaction for Lois of their Offices, by the taking away of the Court of Wards} and report their Opinion therein to this House.

A Letter from General Edward Mountague-, dated aboard the Nazeby the Three-and-twentieth of May 166oi

about Ten Leagues off the Bay of was read.

The House being informed, that Mr. Pickerings who brought the said Letter, was at the Door , he was called in , and, being at the Bar, he gave an Account to the House of the King's near Arrival for England.

Mr. Finch reports a congratulatory Letter, for his Majesty's safe Arrival in his Kingdom of England, to be lent to his Majesty from this House; which Mr. Pi read in his Place; and the said Letter was after read by the Clerk , and, after some Amendments* being put to the Question, was agreed upon; and ordered to be fair written over, and subscribed by Mr. Speaker, and inclosed in another Letter, to be written to the Commissioners from this House, and by them to be delivered to the King's Majesty.

Mr. Turner reports a Letter to the Committee of this House, attending his Majesty; which was read by Mr. Turner in his Place, and after was read by the Clerk at the Table; and, being put to the Question,- was agreed upon; and ordered to be fair written, and subscribed by Mr. Speaker, and lent to the Commissioners of this House attending his Majesty.

Sir Walter Earle reports* that he had attended the Lords with the Message from this House, to quicker! them in passing die Ordinance for Three Months Assessment, and had enforced it with such Realbns as occurred; and received this Answer, that they were now upon the said Ordinance, and will fend a speedy Answer to this House by Messengers of their own.

Sir John Temple reports, from the Committee, a Declaration concerning Irish Rebels; which was read; and, after fotne Amendments made at the Table, the said Declaration, so amended, was agreed.

Resolved, That the Lords Concurrence be desired to the said Declaration: And that the Lord Aungier do carry it to the Lords.

Saturday, May 26th, 1660.

Prayers.

MR. Turner makes Report from the Committee for Privileges and Elections, upon the double Return for the City of Peterborough-, that, upon Examination of the Fact, it appeared, that Humphry Orme Esquire had, without Dispute, the greater Number of Votes g and the Question remained betwixt Francis St. Johns Esquire and Charles Lord Delefpencer; and that, after Allowance made of Fourteen Voices to the Lord Delefpencer, which the Committee conceived fit to be allowed him, and substradling from Mr. St. Johns Eighty-three Votes, which, upon the Grounds now opened, tha Committee conceived fit to be substracted, and Seventy-one Votes from the Lord Delefpencer, concerning which the Committee had passed several Resolves, and which the Counsel for the Lord Delefpencer did consent should be withdrawn, it appeared that the Lord Delefpencer had a greater Number of Voices than Mr. St.' Johns, and was therefore duly elected, and ought to fit in this House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the said Committee, that the said Mr. Orme and Charles Lord Delefpencer are duly elected, and do fit in this House.

Resolved, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, be, and is hereby, impowered to seize ali Goods M belonging

Journals of the House of Commons. 1660.

belonging to any of the Persons, who fat in Judgment upon the late King's Majesty, when the Sentence of Death was pronounced against him, and to secure and dispose them, so as they may be forthcoming for his Majesty's Service: And that the Seven Horses, late of Oliver Crmu-ell'15, and all other such Horses belonging to any of the said Persons, as are, or shall be, seized by the said Serjeant at Arms, be carried to the , and there kept for his Majesty's Use.

Ordered, That the Members of this House, who are double elected, and neither of their Elections questioned, do make their Elections by Thursday next-, or, in Default thereof, the House to elect for them.

Ordered, That the Handing Committees of this House be polled up at the Door of this House, that Persons may take notice where they fit.

Weffon, Sir Tho. Widdrington, Seij. , to withdraw, and, upon the whole Debate of this House, to consider, how this Money, to be levied by the Ordinance for the Three Months Assessments, may be the speedielt levied in a parliamentary and legal Way; and report their Opinion therein to the House.

Ordered, That the Committee, who brought in the Declaration for putting the Statutes in Execution against Priests, Seminaries, and Popish Recusants, do consider of the Form of a Proclamation, instead of this Declaration, to be tendered to the King's Majesty.

The Lord Aung ter reports, that, according to the Order of this House, he had attended the Lords with the Declaration concerning the Irish Rebels-, and that they gave him Answer, that they would return Answer by Messengers of their own.

The Clerk of the Crown in Chancery came up to the Clerk's Table; and there amended the Return for the City gf Peterb or rough, and inserted the Name of Charles Delafpencer, instead of the Name of Francis St.

Johns, Esquire.

The humble Petition of John , Mayor

Abingdon in the County of Berks, was read.

Ordered, That John Mayott, the Mayor of,

now in Custody with the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, be forthwith released of his Imprisonment, and set at Liberty.

A Message from the Lords, by Doctor Child and , Two Mailers of Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have returned you the Bill of Assessments, with some Additions and Alterations; wherein they desire your Concurrence with them.

The Additions and Alterations were read by the Clerk at the Table, the First time.

The Messengers were again called in -, *nd Mr. Speaker gave them this Answer;

The House hath considered of your Message; and will return an Answer by Messengers of theif own.

The Additions and Alterations, sent down by the Lords, were read the Second time.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Lords, that the Names of the Lords be omitted, and not named Commissioners ih this Bill.

And the rest of the Additions, Alterations, and Provilb, sent down by the Lords, being put to the Question, were assented unto.

Ordered, That Mr. Knightly do go to the Lords, to let them know, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments, Alterations, and Proviso, in the Ordinance for Three Months Assessments, as the same were sent by the Lords.

Mr. Annejley reports from the Council of State, that Yesterday the Council of State did commit Gregory Clement Esquire, one of those who fat in Judgment on the late King, when Sentence of Death was pronounced against him, to the Power of London for High Treason.

Resolved, That this House doth approve of what the Council of State have done, in committing of Mr. Gregory Clement to the Power of London.

Col. Morley acquaints die House, that there was found about Mr. Gregory Clement a Book, which may be fer-viceable to make a Discovery of his Estate; winch Book he now tendered to be disposed of by this House.

Resolved, That the said Book be delivered to the Members of this House, who are of the Council of State, to be made use of by them for the Service of the King's Majesty.

Ordered, That it be referred to Mr. , Mr.

Finch, Serj. Halles, Serj. Maynard, Mr. Pumer, Sir Rich.

Onslow, Mr. John Stephens, Mr. Pryn± Seij. Glynn, Mr.

Mr. Serj. Maynard reports from the Committee, appointed to withdraw, an Act relative to the Ordinance of Assessment for Seventy thousand Pounds by the Month upon England, for Three Months, for putting the Powers, Clauses, and Provisoes, in that Ordinance in Execution; which was this Day read the First and Second time.

Resolved, That this be the Title to this Act, An Act for putting in Execution the Powers in an Ordinance mentioned in this Act.

And the Question being put, that this Bill be committed;

It passed with the Negative.

Resolved, That this Bill be ingrafted; and brought in on Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Amendments to the Act, for General Pardon and Oblivion, be reported on Monday Morning next.

The humble Petition of about Two thousand and Five hundred sick and maimed Soldiers, belonging to Ely House and the Savoy Hospitals, on the Behalf of themselves, and above Three thousand Widows and Orphans, Pensioners there, was read.

Ordered, That the Sum of Fourteen hundred Pounds, Part of the Two thousand Pounds formerly ordered for the Relief of the maimed Soldiers, Widows, and Orphans, at Ely House and the Savoy Hospitals, be forthwith paid, for their present Relief; and that the further Sum of Two thousand Pounds be, and is hereby, ordered for their further Relief; and that the same be charged upon the Ordinance of Seventy thousand Pounds per Menfem, and paid in Course.

Ordered, That it be referred to a Committee to consider, upon the whole Debate, how the maimed Soldiers, Widows, and Orphans, at Ely House and the Savoy, may be disposed of, so as they may be provided for in the future, and the Kingdom be moll eased of the Charge; viz. to Col. Birch, Mr. Knightly, Col. Morley, Sir Win. Wheeler, Col. Standish, Alderman Robinson, Sir Anth. Irby, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Orbe, Mr. Williams, Sir Gilb. Gerrard. Sir Ralph Hare, Col. King, Sir Wm. , Col. Shapcott, Sir Rich. Onslow, Sir John Pemple, and all Members of this House, that were of the former Committee, or any Three of them: And they are to meet in the Court of Wards on Monday next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That this Committee have Power to tender the Ordinance for Three Months Assessment, as a Security for Repayment of the said Two thousand Pounds, ordered for the Relief of the maimed Soldiers, Widows, and Orphans, at Ely House and the Savoy, to the Lenders, with Interest.

A Message from the Lords, by Doctor Mr.

, Two Mailers of Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a present Conference with this House, about the Declaration, received this

Mornin"

5

Morning, concerning the Rebellion of in the

Painted Chamber.

Reflved, That a Conference be presently had with the Lords upon the said Declaration: And that Mr. Finch, Sir John Temple, Mr. Annejley, Sir Irby, Lord Aun-

gier. Col. Shapcott, Sir Edw. be a Committee

to manage this Conference.

Tiie Meficngers were again called in *, and Mr. Speaker gave them this Answer;

The House hath consideredof your Message; and they do agree to a Conference, as is desired, in the Painted Chamber.

The humble Petition of Edward Dobbins, Mayor of East Lowe in the County of Cornwall, was read.

Ordered, That Edward Dobbins, Mayor of Lowe in the County of Cornwall, being summoned to attend this House, by the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, be discharged of his further Attendance, he paying the Charges of the Summons.

Mr. Pryn reports an Order, touching quieting Pof-sessions of Ministers, Schoolmasters, and other Ecclesiastical Persons, in sequestered Living, until they are legally evicted , which was read.

Ordered, That it be referred to Mr. Pryn, Mr. Browne, Mr. Charleton, Serj. Twifden, Skipwith, Sir Guilb. rard. Lord President Annejley, Mr. 'Turner, Mr. Finch, Lord Aungier, Lord Spencer, Mr. Clapham, Mr. Chafe, Col. Bowyer, Mr. Crew, to withdraw, and amend this Order, upon the Debate of this House *, and report it to this House.

Monday, 28th May, 1660.

Prayers.

A Letter from Robert Fowler, from Rochester, of the 26th of May 1660, certifying, that he hath made Stay of Two Trunks, Two Hampers, Thirteen Bundles of Bedding, and Hangings, with some Chairs, in all Twenty-seven Parcels, of the Goods of Mr. Andrew Broughton, one of the Clerks in the High Court of Justice, when his late Majesty was there arraigned, was read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Members of this House, of the Council of State, to take care that the said Goods, and also the Goods of Mr. , and Mr. Dendy, be inventoried and secured.

The House being informed, that a rich Coach, heretofore bought by Oliver Cromwell, and paid for at the publick Charge, is seized by the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, but detained by a Coachmaker, upon Pretence of an Attachment for a Debt;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Members of this House, who are of the Council of State, to examine the Matter; and whether there be any such real Debt; and to give such Order for the securing the fame, for his Majesty's Service, as, upon Examination, they shall find just and meet.

Resolved, That the Great Seal, in the Custody of Sir Thomas Widdrington, and the rest of the late Commissioners of the Great Seal, be brought into this House this Forenoon, before the Rising of the House, by the said late Commissioners, or those Two of them that are Members of this House, to be here defaced.

Upon Report made by Mr. Turner, from the Committee for Privileges and Elections, on the double Return for the County of Cornwall, that the Committee are of Opinion, that, in respect of the Sheriff of the said County his'Contempt in not attending the Committee, to give an Account of his Proceedings at the said Election, upon several Orders by them in that Behalf made, the Sheriff be sent for in Custody;

Resolved, That the Sheriff of the County of Cornwall be forthwith sent for, in lafe Custody, to this House, in' respect of his Contempt in not attending the Committee for Privileges and Elections, upon several Orders by them in that Behalf made, to give an Account, touching his Proceedings about the late Election of Knights for that County.

Mr. Pryn reports from the Committee, appointed to withdraw, on Saturday last, an Order; which was read; and was in these Words; viz.

Whereas Complaint hath been made, that several Riots have been committed, and forcible Entries made, upon the Possessions of divers Persons, Ecclesiastical and Temporal, who have been settled in the said Possessions by Order of one or both Houses of Parliament, or other lawful or pretended Authority; and That without any Order of Parliament, or legal Eviction; to the Disturbance of the publick Peace, whilst these Matters are under the Consideration of the Parliament: It is therefore

Ordered, by the and Commons, in Parliament assembled, that no Person or Persons, Ecclesiastical or Temporal, shall presume, indirectly or forcibly, to enter upon or disturb the said Possessions, or any of them, till the Parliament take Order therein, or an Eviction be had by due Course of Law.

Resolved, That this Order be recommitted to the same Committee, to put it into the Form of a Proclamation, to be offered to the King's Majesty; omitting the Word " indirectly."

The Lord Faulkland presented to the House a Letter from the King's Majesty, with this Superscription, "To Our trusty and well-beloved the Speaker of Our House of Commons, to be communicated to the Members of that Houseand given at his Majesty's Court at Canterbury, Twenty-sixth Day of May 1660, in the Twelfth Year of his Majesty's Reign; which was read by Mr. Speaker, (landing up in his Chair.

A Bill ingrossed, for putting in Execution an Ordinance mentioned in the said Bill, was this Day read the Third time; and, upon the Question, passed.

Mr. Finch gave an Account to the House of a Conference had with the Lords upon the Declaration touching the Rebels in Ireland; and that the Lords think fit to put the same into the Way of a Proclamation: Which Proclamation was read the First time, and after read again.

Resolved, That after the Word " assembled," in the Sixth Line of the first Sheet, these Words, " in Parliament," be inferred.

Resolved, That in the Second Folio, Line the Ninth, after the Words "of the," the Word " said" be inserted.

Resolved, That in the Fourth Sheet, First Line, after the Word " assembled," these Words be put in,

" as aforesaid."

Resolved, That the Word " ' in the Third

Sheet, and Ninth Line, after the Word " our," be omitted.

Resolved, That these Words, " the Second," in the First Sheet, and First Line, after the Word " ," be

omitted.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to this Proclamation, with these Amendments; and that the same be returned to the Lords, for dieir Concurrence: And Mr. Finch is to carry it to the Lords.

Ordered, That Mr. Knightly do go to the Lords with this Message, that this House doth agree to the Ordinance of Assessment of Seventy thousand Pounds by the Month, with the Additions, Alterations, and Proviso, sent by the Lords to this House: And that he also carry to the Lords the Bill, this Day palfed, for putting in Execution of the Powers in the said Ordinance.

The

Journals of the House of Commons. 1660.

The late Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal did, according to the Order of this House, bring the Great Seal in their Custody to the Clerk's Table; and there delivered the same to Mr. Speaker: And it is ordered, that the same be forthwith defaced in this House; and that a Smith be lent for, to break in Pieces and deface the same accordingly.

Resolved, That it be referred to a Committee, to prepare a Bill or Bills for Excise and Customs, in such a Way as may be most for Advancing of Trade, and belt Advantage of the Pu'olick: And that Col. , Mr. Pryn, Mr. Annesley, Mr. FincMr. , Mr. Mr. Knightly., Sir Wm. Doyley, Mr. , Sir Irby, Mr. Bainton, Mr. Pow, Sir John , Mr. Francis Gerrard, Mr. Clapkam, Sir Tho. , Col.

White, Col. Jones, Col. King, Mr. Jolliffe, Mr. Foley,

Mr. Swale, Col. Bcwyer, Mr. , Mr. Rich, Mr.

Fowell, Lord Aangier, Mr. Smyth, Alderman Fredrick, Sir John Pelham, Sir Richard Temple, Mr. Atidrews, or any Three of them, be the said Committee: And they have Power to fend for Per lb ns and Papers: And they are to meet in the Exchequer-Chamber, on Wednesday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon , and to adjourn from time to time, as they shall see Cause: And Col. Birch is to take care herein.

Ordered, That the humble Petition of Christopher Metcalfe, Surveyor General of the Customs, be referred to the same Committee.

Ordered, That the humble Petition of Thomas Morris and William Dodson, Farmers of the Customs and Excise in Ireland, be referred to the said Committee.

Mr. Knightly brings Answer, that, according to the Commands of this House, he did deliver the Message from this House, " that this House did agree with the Lords, in the Alterations, Additions, and Provilb, to the Ordinance of Assessment of Seventy thousand Pounds by the Month '* and that, as to the Act for putting the Powers in that Act in Execution, the Lords will take it into present Consideration, and return Answer by Messengers of their own.

Ordered, That Col. Knight, and the Officers of the Army, Members of this House, have Leave to go to wait on the General to Black-Heath.

Ordered, That Col. Knight do appoint a Guard, to attend betwixt Westminster and Whitehall, Tomorrow, for accommodating the Passage of the Members of this House to Whitehall.

Mr. Finch reports Amendments to the Bill for Continuance of Process and Judicial Proceedings , which were twice read , and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

Ordered, That this Bill, thus amended, be ingrafted.

The Smith, according to the Order of this House, came to the Bar of this House; and there, fitting the House, broke the Great Seal in several Pieces: And the fame, lb broken, was delivered to the late Commissioners, as their Fees.

Ordered, That the Committee for maimed Soldiers, (Ac. do meet in the Court of Wards, this Afternoon at

Three of the Clock.

Ordered, That Thomas Tyl, who hath lately made some Disturbance at Colchester, be sent for in Custody by the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Tuesday, 29 M, 1660.

Prayers.

MR. Cole, being defied to serve as a Burgess for the City of Winchester, and allb for the Borough of Petersfeild, in the County of , elects to serve

for the Borough of Petersfeild, and waves his Election for the City of Winchester.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, to prepare a new Writ, to issue forth, for Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Winchester: And that the of the Great Seal of England do pass the said Writ under the Great Seal of England accordingly.

Mr. Pryn reports a Proclamation, for preventing of forcible Entries, and Preservation of the publick Peace of this Realm; which Proclamation was read j and agreed unto, to be the Form of a Proclamation, to be presented to the King's Majesty.

Ordered, That the Lords Concurrence be desired to this Proclamation: And that Mr. Bulkeley do can y it to the Lords: And he is also to carry up the Proclamation, touching the Rebels in Ireland.

Col. King reports a Proclamation against Jesuits, Seminaries, and Popish Recusants , which was read the First and Second time; and upon the Question, agreed unto, to be the Form of a Proclamation, to be presented to the King's Majesty.

Ordered, That the Lords Concurrence be desired to this Proclamation.

Col. King to carry it to the Lords.

A Bill, ingrafted, for Continuance of Process and Judicial Proceedings, was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Blank, in the Fortieth Line of this Bill, be filled up with " the 5th Day of May, 1660."

Ordered, That Mr. Seij. Hales, Mr. Serj. Browne, Mr. Serj. Twifden, Mr. Serj. Littleton, Mr. Serj.

Mr. Serj. Maynard, Mr. Finch, do withdraw, to consider of a Proviso, to be tendered to this Bill, touching Commissions, to be issued in Latin.

Mr. Finch reports, from the said Committee, a Proviso ingrafted, to be tendered to this Bill, in these Words viz.

Provided nevertheless, and be it Enacted, That all Writs, Patents, and Commissions, for constituting of Justices of either Bench, and Barons of the Exchequer, Commissions of Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol-delivery, and Precepts upon Commissions of Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol-delivery, and all other Commissions hereafter to be made by the Clerk of the Crown in the Chancery, Charters, and Letters Patents, under the Great Seal, of Lands, Liberties, Honours, or Offices, do or may issue in the King's Majesty's Name, in the same Manner as was usual, before the making of the said first-recited Act, or reputed Act; any thing in this present Act, to the contrary thereof before expressed, in any wise notwithstanding:

Which was read the First, Second, and Third time; and upon the Question, agreed unto; and ordered to be part of this Bill.

Resolved, That the Title of this Act be, An Act for Continuance of Process and Judicial Proceedings.

And the said Bill, lo amended, being put to the Question, passed. And it is ordered, that Mr. Finch do carry this Bill to the Lords.

A Message from the Lords, by Dr. Child and Mr. Rich, Two Matters of Chancery,

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to signify unto you, that they do agree with you in the Act, for putting in Execution the Ordinance for the AffcfiP ment of Seventy thousand Pounds by the Month, for Three Months.

Mr. Bulkley brings Answer from the Lords, that, as to the Proclamation, touching the Irish Rebels, the Lords do fully consent:

To the other Proclamation, touching Popish Recusants, they will take it into their present Consideration; and fend you Answer by Messengers of their own.

A Message

ie

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Harrington and Mr. Glafcocke, two Masters of the Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, By Command of the Lords, we have returned the Proclamation, sent by you to the Lords, for preventing of forcible Entries, and Preservation of the publick Peace of this Realm, with one Amendment; and that the Lords do agree to the said Proclamation, with the said Amendment.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Lords in this Amendment.

The Messengers being again called in, Mr. Speaker gave them this Answer;

Gentlemen, The House hath considered of your Message; and they do agree to the Amendment, as you have brought it from the Lords.

Resolved, nemine eontradicenteThat the King's Majesty be pleased to give Order, that the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance be administred, according to the Laws and Statutes of this Realm now in Force.

The House adjourned itself until Two of the Clock.

Tuesday, 29* May, 1660, in the Afternoon,

AEill for Confirmation of the Privileges of Parliament, Magna ChartaStatutum de non concedendo, the Petition of Right, and other Alts, was this Day read the Second time; and, upon the Question, committed to Mr. Pryn, Col. West, Mr. Charleton, Mr. Goodrich Mr. Pitt, Sir Ralph Mr. , Mr.

Swaile, Mr. Fra. Bacon, Mr. Eamley, Sir Walter Serj. Maynard, Mr. BrandriffeSeij. , Sir Henry

Felton, Mr. Lawson, Col. King, Serj. Mr.

Mr. Weston, Sir Jo. Northco, Col. , Col.

Hatchery Mr. Annejley, Lord Aungiery Seij. Hales, Mr. Coker, Mr. Hunt, Seij. 'Terrill, Mr. , Mr.

Sir Wm. Lewis, Mr. Nath. , Mr. Turnery Mr.

John Stephens, Mr. Lee, Lord Richardson, Sir Anth.

Mr, Shawy Mr. Reeve, Col. Birch, Mr. Sir

Sam. Luke, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, and all the Gendemen

of the Long Robe: And they are to meet, in the Speaker's Chamber, on Thursday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

The King's Majesty having, by Letter to this House, signified his Pleasure, to be at Whitehall this Day; and the Lord Herbert having communicated his Majesty's Intentions, to give a Meeting to this HoUfe there; the House did, after their Adjournment, walk on Foot from Westminster to Whitehall; divers Gentlemen going before Mr. Speaker; and after diem, the Clerk, and Clerk-Act fistant of this House; and next, before Mr. Speaker, the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, beating his Mace (being all uncovered) the Members of this House following Mr. Speaker Three in a Rank: And, being come to Whitehall, they went up into the Banquetting-House, and there attended his Majesty's coming to Whitehall; which being about Seven of the Clock, his Majesty, about half an Hour after, came into the Banquetting-House, and there placed himself in his Chair of State: "Whereupon Mr. Speaker, being before retired to the lower Part of the Room, and the Way being clear to the Chair of State, did, after his humble Obeisance, walk up towards his Majesty; Two Members of the House going, one on one Hand, and another on the other Hand of him, and divers other Members following him, the Serjeant going immediately before him, with the Mace turned downwards; and, in his Way, made two other Obeifances to his Majesty; and, coming up to his Majesty, he did address himself to his Majesty, in the Name of this. House, by an eloquent Oration, to which his Majesty gave a gracious Answer: Which being performed, the Members of this House, then attending, killed his Majesty's Hand: And, after that, his Majesty retired out

of the Banquetting-House; and Mr. Speaker, and the rest, thereupon departed.

Wednesday, 30th Alayf 1660. Prayers.

MR. George Howard being elected to fetve in this Parliament, for the Borough of in the County of Devon, and also for the Borough of Beare-

Alfton, in the said County, eleds to serve for the Borough of Tavcjlock, and waveth his Election for

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do grant a Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, to prepare a new Writ, to be issued forth for Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Bere-Alfton in the County of Devon; and that the do pass the said Writ, under the Great Seal of England.

Resolved, That a Bill be prepared for keeping of a perpetual Anniversary, for a Day of Thanksgiving to God, for the great Blelfing and Mercy, he hath been graciously pleased to vouchsafe to the People of these Kingdoms, after their manifold and grievous Sufferings, in the Restoration of his Majesty, with Safety, to his People and Kingdoms: And that the Nine-and-twentieth Day of May, in every Year, being the Birth-Day of his Sacred Majesty, and the Day of his Majesty's Return to his Parliament, be yearly set apart for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Mr. Pryn, Mr. John Stephens, Seiji Maynard, Mr. Finch, Mr. Skipwith, Mr. Charleton, Mr. Turner, and Serj. Glyn, be the Committee to prepare thd said Bill.

Resolved, That the Lords be desired to join with this. Housej in beseeching the King's Majesty, to appoint a Day to be set apart for publick Thanksgiving to God, throughout this Realm, for the great Blefiing and Mercy, God hath vouchsafed to the People of theie Kingdoms, after their manifold and grievous Sufferings, in the happy Restoration of his Majesty to his People and Kingdoms.

Ordered, That Sir Wm.Lewis, Mr. Finch, Mr. Perre-point, Serjeant Maynard, Sir Wm. Morris, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Turner, do withdraw, and pen a Petition to his Majesty to this Effect, upon the present Debate.

Resolved, That this House be resolved into a Grand Committee, to consider of Ways for raising of Money 9 and that Mr. Speaker do presently leave the Chair.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Seij. Glyn took the Chair.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Serj. Glyn reports from the Grand Committee, touching raising of Money, that the said Grand Committee have made feme Progress therein; and made a Sub-Committee; and that the Opinion of the said Grand Committee was, that no Person have Vote In that Sub-Committee, that hath received publick Money, and is liable to account.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Grand Committee, that no Person have a Vote in the said Sub-Committee of the Grand Committee, that hath received any publick Money, and that is liable to account.

Mr, Speaker reports to the House his Majesty's gracious Answer to Mr. Speaker's Speech, Yesterday made to his Majesty; being to die Effect following;

" I shall not trouble you. with many Words; for really I am so weary, that, I am scarce able to speak: But I desire, you may know thus much, that whatsoever may concern the Good of this People, the Defence and Confirmation of your Laws, and the Establishment of Religion, I shall be as ready to grant, as you shall be to alk: And I shall study nothing more than to make them as happy as myself,"

*N Mr.

L*

journals of the House of Commons.

Mr. Finch reports, from the Committee, the Draught bf a Petition, to be presented to the King's Majesty by both Houses of Parliament, for a Day of publick Thanksgiving , which he read in his Place; and the same was after read by the Clerk.

Resolved, That this Petition be approved of, to be presented to his Majesty; and that the Lords Concurrence be desired herein; and that Mr. Finch do carry it to the Lords, for their Concurrence.

Resolved, That the Ordinance for Three Months Assessments be forthwith printed; but not to be published, rill the House shall give special Order therein.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. DCol. , Mr. Rant,

Mr. Charleton, Sir Ralph Asht, Sir Walter , Sir John Northcott, Mr. Fra. Bac, Mr. Baynton, Sir Rich.

'Temple, Mr. Hatcher, Sir George Col.

Mr. Trott, Mr. Seij. Glyn, Mr. , Mr.

Mr. Fra. Gerrard, Mr. Pryn, Mr. , Seij. nard, Col. Birch, Mr. Gott, Sir William Wheeler, Mr. Tur-

ner, Mr. Knightly, Mr. Wings Alderman Robinson, Alderman Fredrick, Mr. ArthMr. Pedley, Mr. Hunt, Col. Bowyer, Mr. ShMr. Hele, or any Five of them (being a Sub-Committee, appointed by the Grand Committee of this House to bring in Proportions, in Reference to what was formerly done upon the Poll Bill; and upon the Debate of the said Grand Committee) be a Committee of this House for the Ends aforesaid: And they are to meet this Afternoon in the Speaker's Chamber; and make Report thereof Tomorrow Morning.

Col. King brings Answer from the Lords, that, as to the Proclamation against Papists, which, by Command of the House, he had carried this Day to the Lords, the Lords will return Answer by Messengers of their own.

A Message from the Lords, by and Mr. Rich, Two Matters of the Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to signify unto you, that their Lordships have appointed to fit this Afternoon, and desire, that this House will also fit, for expediting the Act: for Continuance of Process, and judicial Proceedings, which their Lordships have now under Debate.

The Messengers being again called in, Mr. Speaker gave them this Answer;

Gentlemen, The House hath considered of your Message j and they will fit at Three of the Clock this Afternoon.

The House adjourned until Three of the Clock.

Wednesday Afternoon.

AMeffage from the Lords, by Dr. Lewin and Mr.

Rich,

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have returned the Act for Continuance of Process, and judicial Proceedings, together with lbme Alterations and Amendments; wherein they desire your Concurrence.

The Messengers were again called in; and Mr. Speaker gave them this Answer;

Gentlemen, The House hath considered of your Message , and they will return an Answer by Messengers of their own, presently.

The said Alterations and Amendments, lent down by the Lords, were read; and were as followeth; viz.

Line First, after die Words " One thousand Six hundred and Sixty," and before the Word " called," leave out the Word " commonly," and put in die Words " of late."

Line Twenty-third, after th® Word " Term," and before the Word "called," leave out the Word commonly," and put in the Words " of late/'

Line Twenty-eighth, after the Word " Return," and before the Word " called," leave out the Word " commonly," and put in the Words " of late."

Line Thirty-fourth, after the Word " Return," and before the Word " called," leave out the Word " commonly," and put in the Words " of late."

Line Sixty-first, after the Word " one," and before the Word " Act," leave out the Words " Act or reputed," and put in the Word " pretended."

Line Sixty-sixth, after the Word " one," and before the Word " Act," leave out the Words " Act or reputed," and put in the Word " pretended."

Line Seventy-seventh, after the Word " said," leave out the Word " reputed," and put in the Word " pretended."

Line Eighty-fifth, after the Word " said," and before the Word " Act," leave out the Word " reputed," and put in the Word " pretended."

Line Eighty-seventh, after the Word " discontinued," leave out all the Words before the Word " provided," in the Ninety-fourth Line.

Line Eighth, of the Proviso annexed, after the Word " recited," and before the Word " Act," leave out the Words " Act or reputed," and put in the Word " pretended."

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Lords, that the Words " of late" be inserted in the several Places, instead of the Word " commonly."

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Lords, that the Word " pretended" be inserted instead of the Words " Act or reputed," and instead of the Word " reputed," in the several Lines mentioned in the Paper of Amendments.

The Question being put, that this House doth agree with the Lords, in the rest of the Amendments to this Bill, sent from the Lords;

The House was divided;

And the Noes went out:

Mr. Vinoell, CTellers for the Noes:

Mr. Hele, t With the Noes, ——

Sir Wm. Wheeler, 5 Tellers for the Yeas:

Mr. Willoughby, t With the Yeas,

66

104

So it was Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Lords, in the rest of the Amendments sent down by the Lords to this BiH.

Thttrfday^ 31th May, 1660.

... Prayers.

THE House being informed, that James Ptickle, Son-in-Law to Mr. Burton, one of the Bailiffs of Great Yarmouth, and Thomas Ellis, Servant of the said

Mr. Burton, have, by hiring of a Vessel, and otherwise, aftifted in the conveying away, into the Parts beyond the Seas, Mr. Miles Corbett, one of those, who lat in Judgment upon the late King's Majesty, when the Sentence of Death was pronounced against him; by means whereof the said Mr. Corbett made his Escape; and that the Commissioners for the Militia, in those Parts, have, in respect thereof, seized and secured the Persons of the said James Puckle and Ellis; and have sent up several Examinations and Informations, relating to this Business: Ordered, That this House doth approve of what the said Commissioners for the Militia have done, as aforesaid: And that the said James Puckle and Thomas Ellis be forthwith sent for, in safe Custody, by the Serjeant at Arms attending this House: And that the said Informations and Examinations be delivered to Mr. Pryn, and referred to the Committee of this House, to whofn the Examination of Mr. Thurloe's Business is committed; who are to consider thereof, and examine the Troth; of Fast, and report the same to this House, - .: 1 '

The House being informed, that the Sheriff of the County of Durham hath seizett feme of the-Goods of

Mr,

IZ Car. II. journals of the House of Cohimons.

Mr. Blakifton, who fat in Judgment upon the late Ring's

Majesty, when the Sentence of Death was pronounced against him;

Ordered, That an Inventory be mdde of the Goods of Mr. Blakefton and that the Members of the House,

of the late Council of State, do take care, that the same be inventoried, as also secured and disposed, so as to be forthcoming.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee, touching Mr. Thurloe's Business, to examine what Timber hath been felled upon the Lands of the said Mr. Blakefton; and how much thereof hath been fold, bona , for valuable Consideration; and fta.te Matter of Taft, and report it to this House.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee, who prepared the former Proclamation against Popish Recu-lants, to draw up the Form of a Proclamation, to be presented to the King's Majesty, requiring the Persons, who fat in Judgment upon the late King, when Sentence of Death was pronounced against him, to render them: selves by a Day , or else that they be excepted out of the Act of Oblivion, for Life and Estate.

Mr. Finch reports. Amendments to the Act of General Pardon, Indemnity, and Oblivion, which were twice read j and, upon several Questions, the several Amendments, to the Word " Receiver," in the Twelfth Line of the Twelfth Folio, being read in Parts, one after the other, were agreed.

Ordered, That in the additional Clause, in the Twelfth Line of the Third Folio, a Clause be added to except all Arrearages of Rents, in the Hands of any Tenant or Tenants of any impropriate Rectory or Rectories, formerly belonging to any the late Bishops, Deans, Deans and Chapters, or any other Person.

Mr. Finch reports, that, according to the Commands of this House, he carried to the Lords the Petition for, setting apart a Day of publick Thanksgiving; and their Answer, " that That whole House doth unanimously concur, with this House, in that Petition, to be presented to his MajestyThe same being as followeth;

To the King's most excellent Majesty:

Humbly shew unto our Sovereign Lord the King* the Lords and Commons in Parliament assembled:

That such is the inestimable Blessing of your Majesty's Reftiturion to your Royal Throne, which, at once, hath put a Period to the Calamities of Three Kingdoms, and to all the Sorrows and Sufferings of your Royal Person and Family, that we cannot but account it as an Entrance into that State of Joy and Happiness, which obligeth all your Subjects to render an everlasting Tribute of Praise and Thanksgivings to Almighty God* for these glorious Mercies, which he hath vouchsafed to his affiifted People,

And to the End that some solemn Time may be set.' apart for the publick Performance of this Duty, and that all your Majesty's Subjects in England and and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, who equally share in the Joys of this Deliverance, may be united in those Devotions, which are offered for it j

We therefore humbly beseech your Majesty, that your Majesty will be pleased, by your Royal Proclamation, to set apart some such Day for a publick Thanksgiving, throughout , all these your Majesty's Dominions, as to your Majesty's great Wifoom shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Mr. Turner, Mr. Setj. Glyn, CoL White, Col. King, Mr. Hollis, Mr. Tho. Jones, Mr. Charletov, Mr. Amfiey, Mr. Finch, Mr. Thomas, Sir Anth.Jrby, Mr. Bromley, do withdraw, and prepare Clauses of Exception upon this present Debate, to be in- ferted into this Bill of General Pardon, Indemnity, and Oblivion. ...: >

Ordered That the said Committee do also consider of a Proviso* to except; from Pardon j. Monies 'in the Hands

of any Treasurer, Receiver, or. Collector, by Pretence or Colour, of any Authority, for the Militia or Decimation.

Mr. Turner reports from die Committee j appointed to withdraw, several Clauses to be inserted into this Act j

viz.

Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall extend to discharge any Person or Persons, who have been, by private Order or Instructions, employed and intrusted, or have undertaken the Employment, to receive any Sum or Sums of Money for the King's Majesty's Service or Supply, since the Year 1648, from making their Accompts for the fame.

Provided also, that this Act, or any Thing therein contained, shall not extend to pardon any Person or Persons, who, having been in Arms for, of in actual Service of, the late King Charles the First, or of his Majesty that now is, and during the Time that he, or they, have made Profession of his or their Aftcftion to his Majesty's Service, have yet, since 1. December, 1648, under and held Intelligence with any foreign Prince, or Princes, State, or States, or with any Person, or Persons, uforp-ing supreme Authority in this Kingdom of England, or other his Majesty's Dominions, or with their or any of their Ministers, or Agents, and without his Majesty's Licence, and to the Intent to betray his Majesty's Person or Counsels *, or have received any Sum or Sums of Monies, or Pension for such Intelligence or Treachery; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: So as such Person or Persons be outlawed, or otherwise legally convicted of such Offence or Offences, within the Space of Two Years, from the Twenty-fifth of April, 1660.

Which Clauses were twice reaci -, and, upon the Question, ordered to be added to this Bill of General Pardon and Oblivion.

Mr. Annefiy also reports another Clause, to be added to this Bill, touching Monies received for the Militia, or Decimation: Which Clause was twice read; and was in., these Words; viz.

Provided.also, that this Act shall not extend to pardon, or discharge from Account to the King's Majesty, any Person or Persons, for any Sum or Sums of Money received for that illegal Tax of Decimation, or upon the-Account of any Militia settled of acted in, since 1648, and not accounted for, or paid over, or discharged to, or by any, that had Authority; or pretended Authority, to discharge the respective Receivers of the same;

And, upon the Question; ordered to be Part of this: Bill,

Col. White also reports a Calculation of the good Debts due to the Excise, all contracted since the Twenty-ninth of September, 1657* which was read, and was as follow-

eth; viz.

A Memorandum; touching the Exfcife.

..... £ d.

Imprimis, There is owing, by the Brewers of London, ——

By Merchants and Importers of tendon, upon their new. Accounts,

since the Twenty-ninth of S

ber 1657*: — ----- ----- - 7 ——

By Merchants upon their old Accounts, being the Sixth Part about Thirty thousand Pounds, which is very difficult fp.be recovered, therefore i reckon it not,--: ——

By Merchants; ific. of the Out--)

Ports, since the Twenty-ninth of/ 20000 — 1

September, 1657,. upon their new l" '

Accounts; — - J

By several Brewers; Inn-keepers;

Yiftinalers, fisV. upop inland Com- ( 20,000 — —

modifies in thp ^Country, — 3

Total £. 210,000: — — Nota,

Nota, This Calculation is made only of the good Debts, that are due to the Excise, which are all con trailed since the 29th of September., 1657. The Realbnswhy this Debt hath thus increased, and grown into Arrear, are chiefly the often Changes and Resolutions in the Government, and for want of accompting with Merchants, and the short Continuance of the Laws of Excise, as from Three Months to Three Months, and once but for Two Months; which if it were once settled for ^ny Term of Years, the aforesaid Debts would easily be recovered.

And the only Reason,- why Merchants and Brewers in

London, and elsewhere, clamour so much against the Excise, to have it down, is, because these Debts should be buried in Oblivion; and in Truth, should they obtain their Desire, it would be a very great Grievance or Oppression to the fair Trader, that hath, from time to time, paid his full Excise, and cleared his Accompts; for there is no one Thing in the Excise so burdensome, as that some Men pay all the Duty, and others pay little or none at all.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do grant Warrants to the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, to prepare Writs to be issued forth, for Election of Members to lerve in this present Parliament, for all Places where Members are wanting: And that the said Writs be passed under the Great Seal of England, by any that have the present Custody thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do grant a Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, to prepare a new Writ for Election of a Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Morpeth in the County of Northumberland, in the Place of Thomas

Esquire, deceased: And that the said Writ be passed under the Great Seal of England accordingly.

Ordered, That the Attendance of Col. Edward Harley on the Service of this House be, and is hereby dispensed with, in regard of his publick Employment in his Majesty's Service, as Governor of , which he & how

attending.

Friday, ift J 1660.

Prayers.

f\Rdered, That it be referred to the Committee, to whom Thomas Walcott's Letter is referred, to take the Examination of Mr. Johnfo, and Sir Edward -barris, now in Custody of die Serjeant at Arms attending this House, upon the Information given in against: them, and to state Matter of Fact, and report it to this House; and that Sir John Temple be added to that Committee, and do take care hereof.

The House this Day resumed the Debate upon the Calculation of the Debts due to the Excise, upon the Paper Yesterday brought in.--

The House being informed, that the Ulher of the Black-Rod was at the Door; he was called in; and, having made Obeisance, came into the Middle of the House, and addressed himself to Mr. Speaker, and delivered this Message,

Sir, The King's Majesty hath commanded me to call yourself, and the rest of the Members of this Honourable House, to the House of Lords presently; the King flaying for you there.

Whereupon Mr. Speaker left the Chair; and the Serjeant at Arms carrying the Mace on his Shoulder before the Speaker, he, with the Members of this House attending him, went presently to the Lords House. — —

After Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair, the House resumed the former Debate upon the Debts due to the Excise:

The Question being propounded, that this Act of general Pardon, or any thing therein contained, shall not extend to the pardoning or discharging of any Debts, or Sums of Money, due to the Excise, upon Entries made in the Custom-House, which have been contrafted since the 25th of March, 1658; or to the pardoning or discharging of any Debts, or Sums of Money, due to the Farmers of Excise, since the 25th of 1657;

And the Question being put, that this Question be now put *,

It passed with the Affirmative:

And the main Question being put; it was Resolved, That this Act of general Pardon, or any thing therein contained, shall not extend to the pardoning or discharging of any Debts, or Sums of Money, due to the Excise, upon Entries made in the Custom-House, which have been contrafted since the 25 th Day of March, 1658; or to the pardoning or discharging of any Debts, or Sums of Money, due to the Farmers of Ex-cife, since the 25th of March, 1657.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Act of general Pardon is referred, do apply this Clause to the several Parts of the Bill j and make it confident with the rest of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Sub-Committee, who are appointed, by the Grand Committee for raising of Monies, to consider of, and state the Debts of the Nation, and of publick Monies due to the State, be, and are hereby, impowered to fend for Persons, Papers, and Witnesses; and that any Five of them be a Quorum.

Saturday, 2d 1660.

THE House being informed, by a Letter to Mr.

Trelawney, a Member of this House, dated at Looe, the 29th of May last, that John Carew, being one of those who are ordered to be secured, having fat in Judgment upon the late King, when Sentence of Death was pronounced against: him, being lately in Cornwall, was entertained by one Henry Chubb, an Officer of the Customs, at his House near Looe; and that, although the said Chubb had received an Order from the Commissioners of the Customs, for seizing of all such Persons, yet, on Pretence, that he intended not to go beyond Sea, and that the Order did not reach him, he futfered the said Mr. Carew to escape; who also took Advantage of getting away, on Pretence that the Warrant, for Seifure, concerns John Carey, not John Carew;

Ordered, That the Warrant, for apprehending John Carey, be amended, and made John Carew; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, and all other Officers, be required to seize and secure the Person of the said John Carew, as they, or any of them, shall have Opportunity.

Resolved, That the said Henry Chubb be forthwith lent for, in Custody, by the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Resolved, That this House doth approve of what his Excellency the Lord General hath done, in fending of Colonel John Jones, one of the Persons who fat in Judgment upon the late King, when Sentence of Death was pronounced against him, to the Tower of London; and of Colonel Morley, Lieutenant of the Tower of,

his lafe keeping of the said Colonel John Jones Prisoner in the Tower.

Mr. Pryn reports a Proclamation, requiring the feverat Persons who lat upon the late King,: when Sentence of Death was pronounced against him, to render themselves within Fourteen Days, next after the publishing of this Proclamation; or else to be excepted out of the Act of general Pardon, Oblivion, and Indemnity; which was this Day read the First and Second time» aijd agreed

unto,

5

unto, to be the Form of a Proclamation, to be presented to the King's Majesty.

Ordered, That the Lords Concurrence be desired herein; and that Mr. Pryn do carry it to the Lords.

Ordered, That William Lilly be forthwith sent for, in Custody, by the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, in order to his being examined, for discovering the Person, who was employed in putting to Death his late Majesty King Charles; which Examination the Committee, to whom Mr. Thurloe's Business is referred, is to take care of.

Ordered, That the Lord Steward be desired to administer the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy to fume of the Members of this House, on M Morning next; and that his Lordship will be pleased, that a Commission be prepared, impowering some of those Members of this House, who shall lo take the said Oaths, to administer the same to the rest of the Members of this House.

Resolved, That no Member of this House do, after

this Day, lit in this House, before he hath taken the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy.

Colonel White informs the House of some Words charged by Mr. Clapham, a Member of this House, to be spoken by him, to the Effect, " That if no other Man would cut off the King's Head, he would do it himself j" which he denied to be tme.

Mr. Clapham, Handing up in his Place, did acknow-

ledge, that he had been informed so much , and that the Perl'on, who informed it, said it in the Presence of other <Persons; and that the Substance of what the Person said was, that Colonel White, who married Sir Edward Barkbam's Daughter, did, at the Table of Sir Edward Barkeham, utter these Words, " If there wanted one to cut off the King's Head, he would cut it offhimself," or to that Effect:

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee, to /whom Mr. Thurloe's Business is referred, to examine this Matter, and to state Matter of Fact, and report it to this House: And they are to meet this Afternoon:

And that the Person, who gave the Information, be forthwith sent for in Custody: To which Purpose, his Name . is to be communicated to Mr. Speaker: Which was done accordingly j and a Warrant signed by Mr. Speaker.

Resolved, That Mr. Speaker do presently deliver the Warrant for apprehending the Person, who gave the Information against Colonel White, unto the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to be forthwith executed: And the Serjeant is hereby required to keep the Name of the Person summoned, secret.

The House resumed the Debate upon the Act of ge-.neral Pardon, Oblivion, and Indemnity.

The Question being propounded, that the Time for Receivers, &V. to be accountable, be from 1648;

And the Question being put, that That Question be now put;

The House was divided:

The Noes went forth.

Mr. Hollis, c Tellers for the Yeas:

Sir John Holland, I With the Yeas, J 150

Loni Faulkland, {Tellers for the Noes:> r

Sir Rich. Temple, 1 With the Noes, i *5

- So it passed with the Negative.

Resolved', That this House doth agree with the Committee in this Amendment, " that Receivers, Collectors, &c. do account from the 30th of January, 1642." Resolved, That, upon the whole Debate of the House,

it be referred back to the former Committee, to consider and agree upon Expedients, to be tendered to this House, for leaning such Treasurers, Receivers, and Collectors, as have already accounted, from further Charge and Vexa-. tion j as also for clearing of Officers and Soldiers of any

of the Armies, and the Heirs and Executors of such as are deceased: And they are to fit this A tie: noon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Resolved, That the Time, for calling Persons to Account, extend to the Space of Two Years next coming, and no longer.

Mr. Denzill Hollis informs the House, that, he having been sent, with other worthy Members of this House, to the King's Majesty, some Aspersions have been cast upon him, as if he had, in his Speech to the King's Majesty, transgressed the Instructions given by this House.

Resolved, That Mr. Hollis have the Leave of this House to print his own Speech to his Majesty, together with his Majesty‘s Answer thereto, which he hath Leave given him by his Majesty to print, and also the Instructions of this House, for his Vindication.

Resolved, That the Gentlemen, the Members of this House, who were employed to his Majesty with a Letter from this House, have the Thanks of this House, for their eminent Service performed in that Employment to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker gave them the Thanks of this House accordingly:

Gentlemen, I shall not need to tell you, what Notice the House hath taken of the eminent Service you have performed, in your late Employment to his Majesty; you have brought home the Ark, the Glory of England, his Majesty's Person, in Safety , and truly, if ever a Set-vice deserved to be called a Service of ever-blessed Memory, this is such a Service. Therefore the House hath commanded this Service to be singled out from all your former eminent and worthy Services , and to do it per Excellcntiam, as much exceeding all that ever hath been done before for this Nation. And since the Merit thereof is such, that no Thanks can be proportionable thereunto, but the Thanks of this House , I am therefore commanded in the Name of this House, and of all those, they represent, the Commons of England, to return you their very hearty Thanks.

The House being informed, that Mr. the Person who informed against Colonel was at

the Door; he was called in *, and being at the Bar, and examined by Mr. Speaker, he denied, that he ever heard Colonel White speakthe Words, whereof he was accused; but said, he heard it reported (but being asked by whom he made no Answer thereunto) and particularly, that he heard it reported, that the Words were spoken at Sir Edward Barkham's Table, in a Discourse betwixt his Cousin Deane and Colonel White; and that the Words reported were to the Effect, " That rather than the King should want a Headfman, he would do itand that he hath several times heard the Report; and that it is a Twelve-month since he last heard it.

Monday, 4th J 1660.

pRAYttlS.

THIS Day the Right Honourable James, Marquis and Earl of Ormond, Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, and Lord Steward of the King's Majesty's HoulhoJd, came into the Lobby, at the Door of the House of Commons j where a Table being set, and a Chair prepared, his Lordship being attended by the Clerk of the Crown, and Wm. Jessop, Esquire, Clerk of the Commons House of Parliament, with the Rolls of such Names of the Commons, as were returned to serve in this present Parliament; his Lordship gave the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance to several Members of the House, (now called by a Cryer) whom he had by his Commission, or Warrant, bearing Date this Day, deputed to administer the same to other Members in his Absence , the Clerk of the Commons House writing down the Names of O those.

Journals of the House of Commons. A. 1660.

those, to whom the Oaths were so administered , and each Person* so written down* answering to his Name as he was called; the Clerk of the Commons also reading, in the first Place, publickly, the Oath of Supremacy, and* afterwards, the Oath of Allegiance by Parts , and each Member repeating the fame.

The Names of the Commissioners deputed by his Lordship, and sworn as aforesaid, are as followeth;

Arthur Annejley, Esq-, Denzill Hollis, Esq; Sir Anth. Ashly

Cooper, Bart. Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Bart. Sir Weller, Knight, Sir Anth. Irby, Knight, Sir Richard Knight, Sir Wm. Morris, Knight, Principal Secretary of State, Sir John Holland, Bart. Sir Wm. Lewis, Knight, Sir Walter Earle, Knight, Sir Dudly North, Knight of the Bath, Henage Finch, Esq; Pryn, Esq; Richard

Knightley, Esq; Thomas Hatcher, Esq; Job Charleton, Esq;

Edward Turner, Esq; Edward , Esq; Samuel

Esq;.

Besides whom, his Lordship, before his Departure, administered the same Oaths to several other Members of the House. And afterwards divers of the Commissioners, deputed as aforesaid, divided themselves into several Places, and administered the same Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance to other Members of the House: So that the whole Number, who took the said Oaths this Day, amounted unto Four hundred Twenty-eight.

The Form of the Deputatio, granted by the Lord Steward, is as followeth; -viz.

(ftAmes Butler, Marquis and Earl of Ormond, Earl of J fory, Viscount Thurles, Baron of Ld. Lieute-

nant of Ireland, Lord Steward of his Majesty's Houshold, Chancellor of the University of Dublyn, Knight of the Most Honourable Order of the Garter, and one of his Majesty's Privy Council of England and Ireland, To all to whom these Presents shall come, Greeting. Know ye that I the said Lord Steward, by virtue of my said Office of Lord Steward, have constituted, named, and appointed, and by these Presents do constitute, name, and appoint, the Right Honourable Arthur Annejley Esquire, Sir Wm. Morris, Knight, Principal Secretary of State, Denzill Hollis Esquire, Sir Anthony Ashley Cooper, Sir John Holland, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Baronets, Sir Wm. Lewis, Sir Wm. Waller, Sir Walter Earle, Sir Anthony Irby, Sir Dudley North, Sir Richard Browne, Sir John Robinson, Sir Heneage Finch, Knights, John Crew, Wm. Pryn, Richard Knightly, Tho. Hatcher, Edward Turner, Edward King, Samuel Jones, Job Charleton, Esquires, or any Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, or One of them, my Deputies, and Deputy, in my Place and Stead, to tender and minister the Oath of Supremacy, according to the Form and Eft'edt prescribed and set down, in the Statute in that Behalf made, in the First Year of the Reign of the late renowned Queen Elizabeth; and also the Oath of Allegiance, according to the Form and Effect prescribed and set down in the Statute in that Behalf made in the Third Year of the Reign of the late renowned King James; to all and every Person, which is, or shall be, elected or appointed a Knight, Citizen, or Burgess, or Baron, for any of the Five Ports, for the Parliament summoned to begin, and to be holden, the Twenty-fifth Day of April last past; and to take and receive the Oaths of every the said Person and Persons, which is, or shall be, eletted or appointed Knight, Citizen, Burgess, or Baron, for any of the said Five Ports as aforesaid, for the same Parliament, begun and holden on the said Twenty-fifth Day of April last past; giving the m. Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, and One of them, full Power and Authority, to execute and perform the lame; ratifying, confirming, and allowing all and whatsoever my laid Deputies, or any Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, or One of them shall do and perform in this Behalf, in as ample, perfect, and full Manner, as if I myself had

personally been present, and done the fame: In Testimony whereof I have hereunto set my Hand and Seal.

Given the Fourth Day of June, in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Our Sovereign Lord Charles, by the Grace of God, King of England, Scotland,

and Ireland, Defender of the Faith, &?r.

Ormond.

Seal.

The Form of the Oath of , so

ministeredyis as followeth

T A. B. do utterly testify and declare in my Confidence, X that our Sovereign Lord King Charles the Second is the only supreme Governor of this Realm, and of all other his Majesty's Dominions and Countries, as well in all Spiritual or Ecclesiastical Things or Causes, as Temporal; and that no foreign Prince, Person, Prelate, State, or Potentate, hath, or ought to have, any Jurisdiction, Power, Superiority, Preheminence, or Authority, Ecclesiastical or Spiritual, within this Realm: And therefore I do utterly renounce and forsake all foreign Jurisdictions, Powers, Superiorities, and Authorities; and do promise, that from henceforth I shall bear Faith, and true Allegiance, to the King's Majesty, his Heirs, and lawful Successors; and, to my Power, shall assist and defend all Jurisdictions, Privileges, Preheminences, and Authorities, granted or belonging to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; or united and annexed to the Imperial Crown of this Realm: So help me God, and by the Contents of this Book.

The Form of the Oath of , so -

ministered, is as followeth

I A.B. do truly and sincerely acknowledge, pnofefs, testify, and declare, in my Conscience, before God and the World, that our Sovereign Lord King Charles the Second is lawful and rightful King of this Realm, and of all other his Majesty's Dominions and Countries; and that the Pope, neither of himself, nor by any Authority of the Church or See of Rome, or by any other Means, with any other, hath any Power or Authority to depose the King, or to dispose any of his Majesty's Kingdoms or Dominions, or to authorize any foreign Prince to invade or annoy him, or his Countries; or to difi charge any of his Majesty's Subjects of their Allegiance and Obedience to his Majesty; or to give Licence or Leave to any of them to bear Arms, raise Tumult, or to offer any Violence or Hurt to his Majesty's Royal Person, State, or Government, or to any of his Majesty's Subjects, within his Majesty's Dominions.

Also I do swear from my Heart, that, notwithstanding any Declaration, or Sentence of Excommunication, or Deprivation, made or granted, or to be made or granted, by the Pope, or his Successors, or by any Authority derived, or pretended to be derived, from him, or his-See, against the said King, his Heirs or Successors, or any Absolution of the said Subjects from their Obedience,

I will bear Faith, and true Allegiance, to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and him and them will defend, to the uttermost of my Power, against all Conspiracies and Attempts whatsoever, which shall be made against his or their Persons, their Crown and Dignity, by Reason or Colour of any such Sentence or Declaration, or otherwise; and will do my belt Endeavour to disclose and make known unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, all Treasons, and traiterous Conspiracies, which I shall know, or hear of, to be against him, or any of them.

And I do further swear, that I do, from my Heart, abhor, detest, and abjure, as impious and heretical, this damnable Doctrine and Postion, " That Princes, which

be

be excommunicated or deprived by the Pope, may be deposed or murdered by their Subjects, or any other whatsoever." And I do believe, and in Conscience am resolved, that neither the Pops, nor any Person whatsoever, hath Power to absolve me of this Oath, or any Part thereof; which I acknowledge; by good and full Authority, to be lawfully ministered unto me; and do renounce all Pardons and Dispensations to the contrary: And all these Things I do plainly and sincerely acknowledge and swear, according to these express Words by me spoken, and according to the plain and common Sense and Understanding of the same Words; without any Equivocation, or mental Evasion, or secret Reservation whatsoever: And I do make this Recognition and Acknowledgment heartily, willingly, and truly, upon the true Faith of a Christian: So help me God.

Prayer.

Mr. Turner reports, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, on the double Return for the City of Exceter; that, upon Examination of the Fadb, it appeared, that there was a Tumult at the Time of the Election; and that Three Questions were in the same; "Whether there was such a Force as made the Election void; Whether the Sheriff did duly take the Poll; and, Whether the Freemen of the Place, alone, or the Freemen and Freeholders, together, had Right to elect; And that the Committee resolved therein, that, although there was a Tumult, yet there was no such Force as to make the Election void; that the Poll was duly taken by the Sheriff; and that the Right of Election belongs to the Freemen; and were therefore of Opinion, that Serjeant John Maynard, who had a greater Number of the Free-

mens Votes than Mr. Richard , and Thomas feild, Esquire, who is returned by both the Indentures, are duly elected, and ought to fit.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that Mr. Bampfeild, and Mr. Serjeant were duly elected Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Exeter; and that they do fit in this House.

He also reports from the said Committee, on the double Return for the Borough of Lofwithell in the County of Cornwall; that, upon Examination of the Fact, it appeared, that the double Indenture, whereby Henry Foard Esquire was returned, was so returned by the Mayor,: upon a Promise to him made, that, if it Were adjudged a false Return, he should be saved harmless therein; and that the Committee were of Opinion, that John Clayton and Walter Moyle Esquires were duly elected, and ought to fit.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that Mr. Clayton and Mr. Moyle were duly elected Burgesses for the Borough of Lofwithell in the County of Cornwall> and do fit in this House.

He also reports, from the same Committee, on the double . Return for the Borough of Rippon in the County of Terke; that, upon Examination of the Fad, it appeared, that the double Indenture, whereby Jo. Lambert Esquire was returned, was lb returned by the Mayor, to satisfy the said Col. Lambert only; he confessing, that Henry /.Irtbingtonand Edmond Jennings Esquires, who are

returned by the other Indenture, had the greater Number of Voices; and that the Committee were of Opinion, the said Mr. Arthington and Mr. Jenings were duly elected, and ought to fit.

- Resolved; That this House doth agree with the Committee, that Mr. Arthington and Mr. Jenings were duly elected Burgesses for the Borough of; and that they do fit in this House.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery do come -in, and amend the Indentures accordingly.

The Clerk of the Crown in Chancery did accordingly come to the Clerk's Table; and took off Mr. Ford's In-

V

denture for the Borough of L; and Col. Lambert's Indenture for Rippon; and did also withdraw the Indenture, whereby Mr. Bampfeild and Mr. Ford were returned for Exeter; and the other Indenture, whereby Mr. Bampfeild and Mr. Seij. Maynard were returned, did stand.

Resolved, That the Mayor of , who was

summoned to attend, be discharged from further Attendance or Restraint, he paying his Fees.

Mr. Piyh reports, that, according to the Commands of this House, he carried to the Lords the Proclamation against the Perforrs, who fat in Judgment against the late King, when Sentence of Death was given against him; and brings Answer, that the Lords do agree thereunto.

"Whereas, by an Order of this House, of the Tenth of July 1647, to which the Lords gave their Concurrence the Fourteenth of the said July 1647, there was ordered to be advanced unto Lieutenant General upon

the Moiety at Goldsmith's Hallin Course not then given,

for Security of the Two hundred thousand Pounds therein mentioned, the Sum of One thousand Pounds; of which Sum of One thousand Pounds no Part was paid; and the fair.*, with Interest, was afterwards transferred for Payment on Dean and Chapters Lands; as is certified by John Bateman, Clerk and Accomptant to the late Treasurers at Goldsmith'sHall: It is now , by

the Commons assembled in Parliament, that the said Sum of One thousand Pounds, together with Interest after the Rate of Six per Cent, from the said Fourteenth of July 1647, to die Time it shall be paid in, Le charged on the Receipt of Excise; and that the said One thousand Pounds be paid to the said Lieutenant General Majfey, or his Assigns, by the Commissioners of Excise, in Course; and that the Interest, which is accrued for the said One thousand Pounds, from the said Fourteenth of July 1647, to the Date hereof, be forthwith paid and satisfied by the Commissioners of Excise, out of the Receipt of Excise, after the Rate of Six Pounds per Cent, to the said Lieutenant General Edward , or his Assigns i And the Acquittance or Acquittances of the said Lieutenant General Edw. Majfey, or his Assigns, testifying the Receipt of the said One thousand Pounds, and the Interest thereof respectively, shall be, to the said Commissioners, a sufficient Discharge in that Behalf.

Mr. Finch, in pursuance of the Order of the Second of June instant, reports from the Committee, to whom the Bill for General Pardon, Oblivion, and Indemnity, is referred, several Clauses, and feme Amendments, to be added to the said Bill; which Clauses he read in his Place; and the same were after twice read by the Clerk; and, upon the Question, after feme Amendments at the Table, agreed unto.

The House resumed the Debate upon the rest of the Amendments to the Act for General Pardon and Oblivion, formerly reported.

Resolved, That these Words, and the County, of Monmouth," be added in the Line of the Folio, next after the Word " *'* in the Amendments.

Ordered, That this Debate be adjourned until Tomorrow Morning Eight of the Clock.

General Motmtague, being elected to serve as a Burgess for the Borough of Weymouth, and also for the Borough of Dover, elects to serve for the Borough of Dover, and waveth his Election for the Borough of Weymouth.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do grant his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, to issue forth a new Writ for Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Weymouth in the County of Doifett :And that the Lord Chancellor of England do pals the same under the Great Seal of England accordingly.

Tuesday,

ooQie_

Journals of the House of Commons. A. 1660.

Tui'fday5th of Jun 1660.

Prayers.

WHereas the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds was settled by Parliament on the Lord General Monck, which was payable at the Receipt of publick Exchequer, out of such Monies as should come into that Receipt, from the Receivers General of the publick Revenue, in the respective Counties; of which Sum a good Part is yet unpaid; And whereas this House is informed, that out of the Revenue, payable into the Exchequer by the said Receivers General, there hath been taken, of the Money within the Charge of the Receiver General for the County of 2'orkc, the Sum of Fifteen hundred Pounds, for Payment of Colonel Clark's Regiment, upon their March into Scotland , and of that, within the Charge of the Receiver General, for the Four Northern Counties, the Sum of Thirteen hundred Pounds, for Payment of other Parts of the Army , both which Sums amount unto Two thousand Eight hundred Pounds: Resolved, That the Committee of the Army do forthwith issue their Warrant to the Treasurers at Wars, out of any Monies, which are or shall come into their Hands, for the Use of the Forces of the Army; to pay into the Receipt of publick Exchequer the said Sum of Two thousand Eight hundred Pounds, being paid as aforesaid, for the Use of the Army *, charging the same upon the several Regiments and Companies, according to the several and relpeCbive Proportions thereof, which have been to them, or any of them, paid , and that upon the Treasurers paying in of the said Two thousand Eight hundred Pounds, or any Part thereof, into the said Receipt of Exchequer, the same be forthwith paid, by the Officers of the said Receipt, to the Lord General , or his Assigns, for and towards Satisfaction of the Residue of the said Twenty droufand Pounds, yet remaining unsatisfied.

The House being informed, that Mr. John one

of those who fat in Judgment upon the late King's Majesty, when Sentence of Death was pronounced against him, is seized upon, and secured at , under the

Charge of the Deputy Governor there;

Ordered, That the Sheriff of the County of Devon be required, forthwith, to fend up hither, in safe Custody, the Person of the said John , and to call to his Assistance such of the Militia, or other Forces, as he shall find necessary, for the safe Conveyance of the said Mr. Carevoe accordingly.

The House resumed the Debate upon the Amendments reported from die Committee, on the Bill of general Pardon, Indemnity, and Oblivion.

Mr. Speaker communicates a Letter, dated the 5 th of June 1660, directed to himself, and signed by Colonel John Hutchinson, who was one of those who fat in Judg-

ment upon the late King's Majesty, when Sentence of Death was pronounced against him , which was read.

Resolved, That Colonel John be at Liberty,

on his own Parole, to be given to Mr. Speaker.

A Question being propounded, that the Seven Persons, who, by former Order, are to be excepted out of the Act of general Pardon for Life and Estate, be named here in this House *,

And the Question being put, whether the Question Should be now put;

It passed with the Affirmative:

And the main Question being put; it was

Resolved, That the Seven Persons, who, by former Order, are to be excepted out of the Act of general Pardon for Life and Estate, be named here in this House.

Resolved, That ‘Thomas Harrison be one of the Seven Persons, to be excepted out of the Act of general Pardon for Life and Estate.

Wednesday, 6th June^ 1660.

Prayers.

A Letter from his Highness James Duke of r, superferibed, " For Sir Harbottle Speaker of the House of Commons," and subscribed " James," being dated at Whitehall, the 5th of June

1660, was this Day read.

Ordered, That the humble and hearty Thanks of this House be returned to his Highness the Duke of , for his kind Letter, and high Expressions of Affection to this House.

Resolved, That the Letter from his Highness the Duke of Torke to this House be entered in the Journal of this House, as a Memorial of his Highness' Affection to this House, and of their humble and hearty Acceptance thereof.

The Letter is as followeth:

Mr. Speaker,

I desire you to assure the House of Commons, that I have a great Sense of the many Demonstrations of their Affection towards me; and that, though the Necessities of many Years had prepared me to give a welcome Reception to the Present I lately received from them, yet, that nothing did so much recommend it to me, as that it was an Argument of the Affection of that House; to which I shall always study to make such Returns, as become

Your most affectionate Friend,

Whitehall,

June 5. 1660. E

Resolved, That the Lord General be desired to figiufy to his Highness the Duke of , the grateful Sense this House hath of his affectionate Letter to this House.

Resolved, That the Members of this House, who are commissionated and deputed by the Lord Steward of his Majesty's Houffield, to administer the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, in his Absence, to the other Members of this House, do compare with the Roll of the Knights, Citizens, Burgesses, and Barons, returned to serve in this Parliament, the Lift of the Names of those, who have taken the said Oath before the Lord Steward, or the said Commissioners *, and thereupon report to the House, what Members, returned to serve, have not taken the said Oaths; to the end it may appear, whether any, that have not taken the fad Oaths, do fit in this House.

Mr. Anne fey reports several Examinations, which he hath received from Ireland, concerning the late King's Death , viz the Examination of Jo. Cooke Esquire, a Prisoner in the Castle of D \ the Examination of Mary Lock, Wife of Richard Lock, of Dublyn; the Examination of Lieut. Sibthorpe Stammers; the Examination of George Purdon, of Ogonella in the County of Clare, Esquire the Examination of Colonel Henry Pretty; and the Examination of Captain Wm. Howlett; being all taken before John Byffe Esquire, Recorder of Dublyn.

Ordered, That the said Examinations be referred to the Committee, to whom the Examination of Mr. Secretary Thurloe's Business is referred; to be by them con-

fidered of, and their Opinion thereupon reported to the House.

Mr. Pryn reports from the Committee, the Examination of Wm. Lilly, touching the Person who cut off the Head of his late Majesty; and read the same in his Place.

Resolved, That William Say be one of the Seven Persons to be excepted out of the Act of general Pardon and Oblivion, for Life and Estate.

A

57

A Question was propounded, that John Jones be one of the Seven Persons to be excepted out of the Act of general Pardon and Oblivion, for Life and Estate:

And it being put to the Question, whether the Question shall be now put;

It passed in the Affirmative:

And the main Question being put; it was

Resolved, That John Jones be one of the Seven Persons to be excepted out of the Act of general Pardon and Oblivion, for Life and Estate:

A Message from the Lords, by Lord Chief Brirori Bridgman and Mr. Justice Fofier;

The Lords have sent us with this Message: The Lords deftre a present Conference with the House of Commons, in the Painted Chamber,. about some Matter of great Importance.

Resolved, That a present Conference, with the Lords, be granted, in the Painted Chamber:

The Messengers being called in again* Mr. Speaker gave them this Answer j

The House have considered of your Message; and do agree with the Lords for a present Conference, as is desired.

Ordered, That Mr. Hollis, Mr; , Mr.

Mr. Secretary Morris, Mr. Cr, Mr. , Sir Antb. Ashly Cooper, Sir Wm. Lewis, be a Committee to ma-

nage the said Conference.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do, with the Mace, forthwith summbn the Members, who are in the Painted Chamber, to attend the Service of the House immediately and desire the Officers there to clear the Room.

Resolved, That Thomas Scott be one of the Seven Persons to be excepted out of the Act of general Pardon and Oblivion, for Life and Estate.

Resolved, That Cornelius Holland be one of the Seven Persons to be excepted out of the Act of general Pardon and Oblivion, For Life and Estate.

A Question was propounded, that Lijle bfe one of the Persons to be excepted out of the Act of general Pardon and Oblivion, for Life and Estate:

And it being put to the Question, whether the Question shall be now put-;

It passed in the Affirmative

And the main Question being put; it Was

Resolved, That John Lijle be one of the Seven Persons to be excepted out of the Act of general Pardon and Oblivion, for Life and Estate.

A Question was propounded, that John Barkjlead be one of the Seven Persons to be excepted out of the Act of general Pardon and Oblivion, for Life and Estate: And it being put to the Question, that the Question should be now put;

It passed in the Affirmative:

And the main Question being thereupon put j it was Resolved, That John Barkjlead be one of the Seven Persons to be excepted out of the Act of general Pardon and Oblivion, for Life and Estate.

Thursday, 7th , 1660.

Prayers.

MR. Pryn reports, from the Committee for Bills, Amendments to the Bill for preserving the Privileges of Parliament, arid confirming the fundamental Laws; which he first read in his Place; and they were after read the First and Second time by the Clerk.

Ordered, That the said Bill, with the Amendments, be re-committed to the former Committee, who are to meet at Two of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And the Gentlemen of the Long Robe are enjoined to attend at the said Committee.

The House this Day resumed the Debate Upon the Act of general Pardon and Oblivion.

Resolved, That this House doth declare* that, in the Name of themselves, and of all the Commons of,

they do lay hold of his Majesty's free and general Pardon, tendered in his gracious Declaration, given under his Majesty's Sign Manual and Privy Signet, at his Court at Breda, 77 April, 1660 , with Reservation, to except such Persons, as shall be excepted, by this present Parliament, in the Act of general Pardon rind Oblivion.

Ordered, That it be referred to a Committee to withdraw, and pen a Declaration to this Effect, rind forthwith report it to the House; and that Sir Henage , Serj. Hales, Mr. Annejley, Seij. Maynard, be the said Committee.

The Examination of John Coke Esquire, taken before John Byffe, Recorder of Duhlyn, the Eighth of May± 1660, was read.

Resolved, That John Coke Esqtiire be excepted out of this Act of general Pardon and Oblivion, for Life and Estate.

Resolved, That Andrew Broughton be excepted out o this Act of general Pardon and Oblivion, for Life and Estate.

Resolved, That Edward Dendy be excepted out of this Act of general Pardon and Oblivion, for Life and Estate.

Mr. Annejley reports the Examination of fin, touching the Person, who executed the late King , which was read.

Resolved, That those Two Persons, who were upon the Scaffold in a Disguise, when the detestable and traitorous Sentence upon the late King was executed, be excepted out of the Act of general Pardon and Oblivion, for Life and Estate.

Resolved, That Mr. Hugh Peters, and Cornet Joyce, be forthwith sent for, in Custody, by the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Sir Henage Finch reports from the Committee appointed to withdraw, and pen a Declaration, touching laying hold of his Majesty's free and general Pardon, two several Votes , which were read: And the first Vote, being put to the Question, was, with some Amendments, agreed unto; and was in these Words j

Resolved and Declared by the Commons in Parliament assembled, that they do by this their publick Act, for, and in behalf of themselves, and every of them, and of all the Commons of England, of what Quality or Degree soever they be, excepting only, as is, or shall hereafter be, excepted by this Parliament, in an Act of free and general Pardon, Indemnity and Oblivion, now under Consideration, lay hold upon his Majesty's free and general Pardon, in his late gracious Letters and Declaration granted, tendered, or expressed; the same bearing Date, at his Majesty's Court at Breda, the 74T of April, and communicated to this House the First of May last past.

The other Vote, befog put to the Question, was agreed unto, and was as followeth

Resolved, That this House, with their Speaker, do attend his Majesty, and present this their Vote and Declaration to him , with their humble Desire, that it may be as effectual to all his Subjects in particular, (except as before excepted) as if every of them had at any time, since the First of May last, personally laid hold upon his Majesty's Grace and Pardon; and by publick Act declared their doing so; and that his Majesty would be graciously pleased to declare his Acceptance hereof accordingly , and, by his Royal Proclamation, to allure the Hearts of his Subjects of the lame.

Resolved, That the Members of this House, who are Of his Majesty's Privy Council, or some of them, do give Intimation to his Majesty of these Votes j and desire his Majesty to be pleased to appoint, when, and where, this House shall wait on his Majesty.

P

Ordered, That the Committee, appointed to manage the Conference with the Lords Yesterday, do make Report of the said Conference, had with the Lords, Tomorrow Mbrning.

A Letter from his Highness Hetty Duke of superscribed, For Sir Harbottle , Speaker of

the House of Commons in Parliament assembled," and subscribed, " Henry" being dated the Fifth of Junet 1660, was this Day read.

Ordered, That the humble and hearty Thanks of this House be returned to his Highness the Duke of Gloucester, for the great Respedb he hath been pleased to express to this House in his said Letter.

Ordered, That the said Letter be entered in the Journal of this House, as a Testimony of his Highness' Affection, and high Respects, to this House, and of their humble and hearty Acceptance thereof.

The Tenor of which Letter is as followeth; viz.

Mr. Speaker,

I am so sensible of the good Affections expressed to me by the House of Commons, in the late Supply of Money, which they font me into , that I think

myself obliged hereby to intreat you to give them Thanks for it in my Name and to allure them, that, though my Condition abroad was such, as made that Assistance very seasonable, yet it was not lb welcome to me out of that Consideration, as because it was a Testimony of their Kindness $ which I value at a much higher Rate; and whereof my Actions shall evidence how much I desire the Continuance. I am.

5th June, 1660.

Mr. Speaker,

Your very affectionate Friend,

by Letters of Credit, and payable at on Sight;

and the Sum of Five thousand Pounds to the said Sir John Robinson; in the Method appointed by the Order of this House of the Seventeenth of May last: And that all and every other Sum and Sums of Money, charged on the said Ordinance by any particular Order of this House, be paid in Course out of the Money, which is, or shall be, advanced thereupon, by the City of,

on the Credit of the said Oidinance, by the Chamberlain of the said City, according to the said Ordinance, and the several Orders, whereby such Sums are respectively charged: And this Order, together With the Acquittance and Acquittances of the several and respective Persons, who are appointed to receive the said Sums, shall be to the Chamberlain of the City of , for every Sum of Money he shall so pay, a sufficient Warrant and Discharge.

Mr. Hollis makes Report, that, according to the Order

of this House, his Majesty had been attended by himself, and lbme other Members of this House, with the Re-lblves of this House of Yesterday, declaring that their Laying hold of his Majesty's Grace and Favour, expressed in his Majesty's gracious Letters and Declaration; which Resolves were read unto his Majesty; and that his Majesty hath appointed to give a Meeting, to tins House in the Banquetting-House at W, at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, concerning that Business.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker be desired, when, his Majesty shall be attended in the Afternoon by this House, to represent to his Majesty, in the Name of this House, and of all the Commons of E the humble Thanks

of this House, for his Majesty's most gracious, pious, and seasonable Proclamation for suppressing Profane-nels; it tending so much to the Glory of God, as well as his Majesty's Honour, and more endearing his Majesty to the Hearts of his People.

Ordered, That the Committees for the Bill of Sales, the Bill touching the Continuance of Ministers in their Livings, and the Bill for making void of Grants, of Titles of Honour, Offices, Lands, (Ac. paired under the several Great Seals, since May 1642, be revived; and that they do fit de die in diem , and make Report therein to the House with what Speed may be.

Friday, &th J, 1660.

Prayers.

fXRdered, That the Ordinance for Three Months Af-k' feflment be forthwith published.

Ordered, That the Act, for putting in Execution the Powers in the Ordinance for Three Months Assessment, be forthwith printed and published, for the Use of the Members of this House.

Ordered, That the several Sums of Money, charged by Order of this House upon the Ordinance for Three Months Assessment, commencing the Twenty-fourth of June next, for satisfying of lb much advanced, and procured to be advanced, on the Credit of the said Ordinance, for the present Service of the King's Majesty, and of the Dukes of Torke and G, and to be repaid out of the Monies, which are, or shall be, advanced thereupon by the City of Lond, be paid and satisfied out of the said Money accordingly, by the Chamberlain of the City of London, who is appointed Receiver General of the said Assessments; that is to say, the Sum of Four thousand Five hundred Pounds, to Sir John son, Knight and Baronet, Alderman of the City of London; the further Sum of Ten thousand Pounds to the said Sir John Robinson; the Sum of Five-and-twenty thousand Pounds to Sir John , Knight, the said

Sir John Robinson, Sir JVm. , Knight, Thomas

Rich, Esquire, and Sir Thomas , Knight,

for so much delivered by them to Sir John Grinvill,

Mr. Hollis reports the Substance of the Conference, had by this House with the Lords on Wednesday lift, as followeth: That the Lord Chancellor took Notice, that, as the House of Peers, with the whole Kingdom, are hill of Joy, for the great Mercy of God to the Nation, in restoring the King to his People; so they thought it their Duty to fill the Heart of his Majesty, and the rest of the Royal Family, with Joy, by letting them fee the Care this House hath of the Queen their Mother: He took Notice, that, as the King, had been long deprived of his Rights, so had the Queen too; and therefore their Lordships did earnestly recommend it to this House, that they would please to put it into a speedy Way, that the Queen may receive the Rents, and Dues, and Profits of her Jointure , and the rather, because it was a Thing established upon a publick Treaty betwixt the Two Crowns; and therefore, this Nation (and the House especially) were bound, in Honour and Justice, to take care of it. " He did likewise desire, that you would take along with you the Care of the Purchasers and then added, that you would take into your Thoughts what her Majesty had been deprived of so long, if you think fit: To which last Clause the Lord Chancellor did afterwards give to the Reporter this Explanation, that there will appear many Cafes, wherein both the State and the Queen had been cozened by the Detention of Monies in the Tenants Hands.

Resolved, That it be referred to a Committee, to considerof the State of the Queen's Majesty's Jointure 5 and to inform themselves, what Part thereof is fold, or otherwise disposed of, and what remains unfold; what Part of that, which is fold, hath been forfeited since the Safe, and what not j and, where any Part is not forfeited, what Confederation will be fit to be had of the respective Purchasers; what Deceits have been used in the purchasing of any Part thereof; what Rents remain in any of the Tenants Hands; and likewise to consider of a Sum of Money to be presently provided for the Queen's Majesty's present

Support:

Support: And they are to confer with the Queen's Coun-fel herein , and have Power to fend for Persons, Witnesses, Records, Surveys, and Papers, and whatever they shall find necessary to clear this Business, or conducing to the full Satisfaction of this House, touching the whole State of the Cafe.

Ordered, That Sir Writ. Lewis', Sir Geo. Booth, Mr. Skipwith, Serjeant Glyn, Mr. Annejley, Colonel King, Mr. Mallett, Mr. Hollis, Mr. Pie Sir Mr. Crew, Sir Dudly North, Serjeant Maynard, Sir Jo,

Duncombe, Sir Capel Luckin, Sir Anth. Ashly Cooper, Lord Falkland, Mr. Swinfin, Mr. C Sir Walter , Sir Rob. Binlofs, Mr. Chafe, Mr. Knightley, Mr. Finch, Dr. Bosworth, Mr. Ravenscroft, Mr. Swale, Mr.

Mr. Pryn, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir John Temple, Mr. Ceafar,

Mr. Wingfeild, Sir Gilb.Gerrard, Mr. Fra. Gerrard, Sir

Walter Earle, Mr. North, Sir Wm. Wheeler, Colonel Howard, Colonel Birch, Sir George Reeve, Mr. , Mr. Goodrich, Sir Jo. Evelyn of Wilts, Sir Lancelott Lake, Mr. Serjeant Browne, Mr. Recorder of London, Mr. Tong, Sir Henry Cholmeley, Colonel Ireland, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Bennett, Mr; Charlton, Sir John , Mr. Milbome, Sir Henry Lee, Serjeant Terrill, or any Three of them, be the said Committee: And they are to meet in the Queen's Court Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe are added to this Committee.

S9

The Yeas, that flayed in, had 160.

The Noes, that went forth, 131.

And so the Question passed in the Affirmative.

And the main Question being put;

The House was divided:

And the Yeas went forth.

Sr "it, fTdleri ibt the YeaS.

2551-for the No"-

The Tellers report.

The Yeas, that went forth, had 153.

The Noes, that flayed in, had 135.

And so the Question passing in the Affirmative it was Resolved, That the Number of Twenty, and no more, (other than those that are already excepted; or who fat as Judges upon the late King's Majesty) shall be excepted out of the Act of general Pardon and Oblivion; for and in respect only of such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, (not extending to Life) as shall be thought fit to be ih-flifted on them by another Act, intended to be hereafter passed for that Purpose.

The House adjourns till Three of the Clock this Afternoon.

Mr. Hollis and Mr. Ameftey make Report, that they had attended the Duke of Glo with the Order of this House, for Thanks to his Highness for his affectionate Letter to this House; whereof the Duke declared his very kind Acceptance, giving Assurance of his constant Affection to this House, and of his Endeavours to shew it.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom it is referred' to consider of a settled Revenue for his Majesty; do bring in their Report on Tuesday next.

Ordered, That Mr. Pryn, Mr. Annejley^ Seij. Hales,

Mr. Shapcott, Seij. Browne, Seij. Mr. Turner,

Mr. Charlton, Col. King, Seij. Glyn, Sir Wm. Wild, or any Three of them, be a Committee to withdraw, and; prepare a Proviso upon the present Debate, touching the Persons summoned by his Majesty's Proclamation, to: render themselves within Fourteen Days.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas ClergeSi Mr. Col.

King, Col. Jones, and Major Beake, do presently withdraw, and inform themselves, by perufipg the Journal of the pretended High Court of Justice for Trial of the late King's Majesty, what Persons, not fitting at the said Trial on the Twenty-seventh of January 1648, did lit at the said Trial, in Westmi any the Days preceding *, and to report the Names of such Persons to the House.

A Question being propounded, that the Number of Twenty, and no more, (other than those that are already excepted, or fat as Judges upon the late King's Majesty) shall be excepted out of the Act of general Pardon and Oblivion, for and in respect only of such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, (not extending to Life) as shall be thought fit to be inflicted on them by another Act, intended to be hereafter passed for that Purpose;

And it being put to the Question, whether the Question shall be now put; that the Number of Twenty, and no more, be inserted in the Question;

The House was divided:

And the Noes went forth.

cSl>E; J Tellers for the Noes:

Who report.

Saturday, 9th Jun 1660.

Prayers;

MR. Speaker acquaints the House, that Mr. Wm.

Heveningham had rendered himself to him, in pursuance of his Majesty's Proclamation; and that he had given the Serjeant at Arms Charge of him; with Direction for his attending the Pleasure of the House this Morning.

Resolved, That Wm. Heveningham Esquire do remain in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, till this House take further Order.

Mr. Ttimer makes Report, from the Committee for Privileges and Elections, on the double Return for the Borough of Plymouth in the County of Devon; that, upon Examination of the Fast, the Question appeared to be, whether the Mayor, the Twelve Aldermen, and Four-and-twenty BurgesseS, or the Mayor and Commonalty at large, had Right of Election; and that, upon the Evidence then produced, the Committee were of Opinion, and resolved, that the Mayor and Commonalty have Right of Election; and that Mr. Secretary Morris, and Samuel Trelawney Esquire, being elected by the Mayor and Commonalty, are duly elected, and ought to fit.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the said Committee, that the Mayor and Commonalty of Plymouth have Right to elect Members to serve in Parliament for that Borough , and that Mr. Secretary Morris and Mr. Trelawney are duly elected, and do fit in this House.

The House resumed the Debate upon the Act of general Pardon, Indemnity, and Oblivion.

Mr. Pryn reports, from the Committee, a List of the Names of some, who, though they did not fit at the Trial of the late King's Majesty, on the Twenty-seventh of January, 1648, yet did fit on some of the Days preceding; which Lift was read, and is as followeth, viz.

January the 20th, 1648.

Wm. Lord Munfon, Thomas Challener, Fra. Lajfells, James Challener, Thomas Lifter, John Fry.

January

6o

Journals of the House of Commons. 1660.

January 22th, 1648.

John Fry, Robert WallopFrancis James

Challener, Wm. Lord Munfon.

January 22th, 1648. Afternoon.

Robert Wallop, Wm. Lord Francis

Challener, James Challeneriry. Sir Gilbert

Pickering.

January 23th, 1648.

Sir Harrington, Sir Henry C2w/-

7°^* F7, Sir G;7£. Pickering.

January 23, Afternoon.

Sir Henry Mildmay, Lord Munfon, Sir

Harrington, Robert Wallop, 37>0. Erfy, Sir G//7. Pickering.

January 25th, 1648. Afternoon.

silfly Mldmay,}Sentcn" draw'1-

January 26th, 1648. Afternoon.

Sir Henry Mildmay,

Lord Munfon,

John Dove,

*.Tho.Challener,

January 27th, 1648.

1 Thomas Challener.

January 29th, 1648.

Thomas Challaner signed the Sentence.

The humble Petition of Dew, a late Member of the Long Parliament, was this Day read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee, to whom the Examination of Mr. s Business is committed, to consider of the said Petition, and examine what is therein mentioned, as they shall see Cause -, and make Report therein to the House.

The humble Petition of John Hutchinson Esquire was mad.

Resolved, That John Hutchinson Esquire, one of the Judges of the late King's Majesty, be discharged from being a Member of this House.

Resolved, That John Hutchinson Esquire be incapable of bearing any Office or Place, of p.ublick Trust, in this Kingdom.

Resolved, That John Hutchinson Esquire, in reljpeft of his signal Repentance, shall not be within that Clause of Exception in the Act of general Pardon and Oblivion, as to any Fine, or Forfeiture, of any Part of his Estate not purchased of, or belonging to, the Publick.

Resolved, That Wm. Lord Monson be excepted out of the Act of general Pardon and Oblivion, for and in respect only of such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, (not extending to Life) as shall be thought fit to be inflicted on him, by another Act intended to be hereafter passed for that Purpose.

Resolved, That Thomas Challenor be excepted out of the Act of general Pardon and Oblivion, for and in respect only of such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, (not extending to Life) as shall be thought fit to be inflicted on him, by another Act intended to be hereafter passed for that Purpose.

Resolved, That James Challenor be excepted out of the Act of general Pardon and Oblivion, for and in respect only of such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, (not extending to Life) as shall be thought fit to be inflicted on him, by another Act intended to be hereafer passed for that Purpose.

Resolved, That John Fry be excepted out of the Act of general Pardon and Oblivion, for and in respect only of such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, (not extending to Life) as shall be thought fit to be inflicted on him, by another Act intended to be hereafter passed for that Purpose.

Resolved, That Francis Lajfells, one of the Judges who fat at the Trial of the late King's Majesty, be discharged from being a Member of this House.

Resolved, That Francis Lajfells be incapable of bearing any Office, or Place, of publick Trust, in this Kingdom.

A Question being propounded, that Francis Lajfells, paying a Year's Value of his Estate for a Fine, shall be in the same Condition with Mr. John Hutchinson, upon the foregoing Resolve of this House, concerning his Estate;

The House was divided:

And the Yeas went forth.

Sir Henry Cholmley,\ Tellers for the Yeas: 1 CQ

Sir Wm. Lewis,t With the Yeas, 3 1

Lord Falkland, C Tellers for the Noes: 1 9

Lord Herbert, I With the Noes, 3 10

And the main Question being put; it was

Resolved, That Francis Lajfells, paying one Year's Value of his Estate, for a Fine* shall not be within that Clause of Exception, in the Act of general Pardon and Oblivion, as to any other Fine, or Forfeiture, of any Part of his Estate not purchased of or belonging to the Publick.

Resolved, That Sir Henry Mildmay Knight be excepted out of the Act of general Pardon and Oblivion, for and in respect only of such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, (not extending to Life) as shall be thought fit to be inflicted on him by another Act, intended to be hereafter passed for that Purpose.

Resolved, That Sir Henry Mildmay, now Prisoner at Dover, be sent up in Custody from Dover, and committed Prisoner to the Tower of London: And the Lieutenant of Dover Cajile be, and hereby is, required to fend him up in Custody to the Tower accordingly.

Resolved, That Robert Wallop Esquire be summoned, by the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to appear in this House, on Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock.

The Humble Petition of Gilbert Pickering Baronet, was read.

Resolved, That Sir Gilbert Pickering Baronet shall be excepted out of the Act of general Pardon and Oblivion, for and in respect only of such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, (not extending to Life) as shall be thought fit to be inflicted on him by another Act, intended to be hereafter passed for that Purpose.

Resolved, That Sir James Harrington shall be excepted out of the Act of general Pardon and Oblivion, for and in respect only of such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, (not extending to Life) as shall be thought fit to be inflicted on him by another Act, intended to be hereafter passed for that Purpose.

Resolved, That Thomas Lifter shall be excepted out of the Act of general Pardon and Oblivion, for and in respect only of such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, (not extending to Life) as shall be thought fit to be inflicted on him by another Act, intended to be hereafter passed for that Purpose.

Resolved, That Mr. John Phelpes, one of the Clerks under the pretended High Court of Justice for Trial of the late King's Majesty, be excepted out of the Act of general Pardon and Oblivion, for and in respect only of such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, (not extending to Life) as shall be thought fit to be inflicted on him by another Act, intended to be hereafter passed for that Purpose.

The Names of those, who are entered in die Journal of the Proceedings of the High Court of Justice for Trial of the late King's Majesty, as fitting on the 27th of January, 1648, when the Sentence of Death was pronounced against his Majesty, were read.

The humble Petition of Adrian Scroope was read.

Resolved, That Adrian Scroope, paying a Year's Rent of his Lands, in lieu of a Fine, shall not be within that Clause of Exception, in the Act of general Pardon

and

Sentence agreed.

and Oblivion, as to any other Fine, or Forfeiture of any Part of his Estate, not purchased Of, or belonging to, the Publick.

Resolved, That the Lord of Grooby be not excepted out of die A ftof General Pardon and Oblivion, as to his own Estate.

Resolved, That Sir Hardres Waller, Valentine Wanlton', Eduo. WhalUy, Ifitac Ewers, Sir John Danvers, Sir

Maleverer, Sr John Bourchier, Wm. Ifaae

Penington, Henry Martyn, Wm. , John,

Gilb. Millington, Sir Wm. Con Baronet, Edm. Lud-

low, Sir Mich. Uvefey Baronet, Robert Owen Row, Robert Lilbome, Richard Deane, John Okey± John Hugbjon, Wm. Gosse, John Miles Corbett,

Fra. Alien, Peregrin Pelham, John Moon, John Henry Smyth, Humphrey Edwards, Gregory Clement, Tho. Wogan, Sir Gregory Norton Baronet, Edm. Harvey, John Verm, Tho. Andrews Alderman of London, Wm.

Cawley* Antb. Stapefy, John Downes, Thomas Horton,

Tho. Hatnond, Nicholas Love, Vincent Potter, Augustine

Garland, John Draft veil, George Fleetewood, Symon Meyne,

James Temple, Peter Temple, Darnel Blagrave, Thomas Waite, be excepted out of the General Act of Pardon and Oblivion, for, and in respect only of such Pains, Penal- ties, and Forfeitures* (not extending to Life) as shall be < thought fit to be inflicted on diem by another Act, Intended to be hereafter passed for that Purpose.

The House adjourns it self till Mends# next, at Eight of the Clock.

The House resumed this Debate upon the Act of General Pardon and Oblivion.

A Letter to Mr. Speaker from Mr. Robert Wallop, dated this present Day, was read.

The humble Petition of Charles Lord St. Johns Was read.

Resolved, That Robert Wallop Esquire be discharged from being a Member of this House; and made incapable of Dearing any Office, or Place of publick Tfuft* iii this Kingdom.

Resolved, That Robert Wallop Esquire shall be excepted out of the Act of General Pardon and Oblivion* for and in respect only of such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, (not extending to Life) as shall be thought fit to be inBifted on him by another Act, intefldfed to be hereafter passed for that Purpose.

Resolved, That Robert Wallop Esquire be forthwith committed to the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attehdingf this House; and that the Serjeant at Arms do forthwith take him into his Custody accordingly.

Ordered, That the Petition of Charles Lord Jobrtt concerning Mr; Wallop, and the Petition of the Lady' Catharine Gar grave concerning Sir John Danvers, and other Petitions of that Nature, shall stand referred to the Committee to whom the Bill for Penalties, to be inflicted bn Persons to be excepted out of the Act of General Pardon and Oblivion, shall be referred; and that the House be put in Mind thereof in due Time.

The humble Petition of Luke was read i Atid*

die Petitioner was also heard in his Place.

Monday^ it* Junk 1660.

PrayerS.

fXRderid, That Dr; Reynolds be desired to caliy oh the . tS Work of publick Thanldgiving before this House*. on Tbnrfday come Fortnight* at Margaret's* Wtjtimnfker; and that Sir John Temple give him Notice thereof

Mr. Pryn reports from the Committee* that, upon coin-paring the Returns of Members to serve in this Hotife, with the Lift of those who have taken thie Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, before the Lord Steward, and the Commissioners deputed by him; he finds the Humber of those, who have taken the said Oaths, amount unto Four hundred Fifty-five; and that he . knows not that any fitting Member of the House hath refilled to take them.

Ordered, That the Lord General be desired to take . effectual Order, that the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance be administered to all the Officers and Soldiers of the Army, under his Command; and for that End the Lord Chancellor of England is desired to issue forth Corn-millions, under the Great Seal of England, directed to . such Persons, as the Lord General shall nominate and appoint, for authorizing them to administer the said Oaths to the said Officers and Soldiers accordingly.

Ordered, That the Lord High Admiral of England be desired to take effectual Order, that the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance be administered to all the Captain^ Commanders, Officers, and Mariners, of the Navy ana Fleet: And the Lord Chancellor is desired to ifiiie Com-: millions, under the Great Seal, directed to fuclv Persons; as the Lord High Admiral shall nominate and appoint, , for authorizing them to administer the said Oaths accord-

ingly*

Resolved, That his Majesty be humbly moved, that he wilf be pleased to issue forth his Proclamation, re*.; quiring that all and every Person and Persons, in this Realm, who by Law ought to take the Oaths of Su- premacy and Allegiance, do take the said Oaths accordingly; and that the Laws in that Behalf be put in Execution.

Resolved, That Luke Robinson be discharged from be-' ing a Member of this House.

Several RefolVes of 14 March 1648; in Folio Eight hundred and Ten and Eight hundred and Eleven, touching the proferibing of the King's Majesty, and the Duke of Tarke, f£c. Were read.

A Letter to Mr. Speaker, from Wm. Lentball Esquire, was read.

A Letter to Mr. Speaker, from the Lord General Monck, dated 17 th May 1660* concerning Wm. Lent-

bolt Esquire,. was read.

The Question bring propounded, that Wm. Lent half Esquire be one of the Twenty Persons* to be excepted out of the Act of General Pardon and Oblivion, for and in respect only of such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, (not extending to Life) as shall be thought fit tube inflicted on him by another Act, intended to be hereafter passed for that Purpose

And the Question bring put, that the Question be now put;

The House was.divided i And the Noes went forth. ‘

Sir Thomas Clerges, ( T ellers for* the Noes 1T

Sir Walter Earle, I . With the Noes, 1 I 120 Col. King, (Tellers for the Yeas j

Col. Willoughby, \ With the Yeas; 215

So the main Question being put; it was

Resolved, That Wm. Lentball Esquire be one of the Twenty Persons to be excepted out of the Act of General Pardon and Oblivion, for and In respect only of such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, (not extending to Life) as shall be thought fit to be inflicted on him by another . Act, Intended to be hereafter passed for that Purpose.

Refbhed, That Sir Henry Vane Knight be one of- the Twenty Persons to be excepted out of the Act of General Pardon and Oblivion, for and in respect only of such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, (not extending to Life).as Audi be thought fit to be inflicted on him by. another Act, intended to be hereafter passed for that Purpose.

2

Tuesday> 12 th J 1660.

fXRdered, That new Writs be issued for the Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament, for the several and respective Boroughs after named , that is to lay, for the Election of one Burgess to serve for the Borough of IVbitchurch in the County of in the Place of Robert Wallop Esquire, who is discharged by this House from being a Member of this House 1 For the Election of a Burgess to serve for the Borough of Northallerton in the County of in the Place of

Francis Lafcells Esquire, who is discharged by this House from being a Member of this House: For the Election of one Burgess to serve for the Town of Nottingham, in the Place of Colonel John Hutc who is discharged by this House from being a Member of this House:

And that Mr. Speaker do fend his Warrants to the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, to prepare new Writs for Election of Burgesses to serve for the said Town and Bo^ roughs,'as aforesaid: And the Lord Chancellor of England is authorized and required to issue and pals the said Writs under the Great Seal of England in his Custody accordingly.

Mr. Bampfeild, being defied to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Exceter, and also for the Borough of Tiverton in the County of Devon, makes his Election to serve for the City of and waves his Election for the Borough of Tiverton.

Ordered, That a new Writ be issued for the Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Tiverton in the Place of Mr. Bampfeild, who hath made his Election to serve for the City of Exceter; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, to prepare a Writ for Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for' the said Borough, as. aforesaid r And the Lord Chancellor of England is authorized and required to issue and pass the4 feme under the Great Seal in his Custody accordingly*

Ordered, That Mr. James Herbert, and Sir John Bowyer, be added to the Committee for the Queen's Jointure.

Ordered, That Mr. Orme, a Member of this House, have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

Mr. Tvmer makes Report, from the Committee for Privileges and Elections, on the double Return for the Borough of Camilford in the County of Cornwall; that, upon Examination of the Fast, the Committee were of: Opinion the Poll-was not duly taken-, and that the former Election of the Burgesses, returned to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, is void.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the said Committee, that the said former Election of Burgesses returned 'to serve in this present Parliament for the B0-rough of Camilford aforesaid, be, and hereby is, declared void; and that a new Writ be issued for a new Election accordingly; and that Mr. Speaker do fend his War-' rant to the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, to prepare ! a Writ to be issued, as aforesaid s And the Lord Chan-cdhrof England is authorized and required to issue and pass a Writ under the Great Seal in his Custody. accordi ngly.

; .....: ... ' A

S\v.Wm,: Wheeler reports, from the Committee, a Bill

for Poll Money; which % as read the FiHbrime. ~ '

Resolved, That this Rillbe.. read, the Second time On-'

Thursdaynext. - ...i <->- "

The humble Petition of divers Persons, in the Behalf of themselves, who have suffered, and of others whose Relations do now suffer, miserable Bondage, and cruel Slavery, under the Turks, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be committed to the

Committee of this House, to whom the Consideration of Discoveries of Monies* concealed from the Publick, is referred.

Ordered, That it be referred to the same Committee, to consider of the same of the Lord and his

Son, now in Captivity under the Turks; and to take the best Care they can for their Relief

Ordered, That Mr. Annejley be desired humbly to recommend to the King's Majesty's Consideration the fad Condition of the Lord Incheqtiin, and his Son, being now

in Captivity under the Turks; and also to represent their Cafes to the King's Majesty's Privy Council, with the Desire of this House, that some effectual Course may be taken for their speedy Redemption and Relief.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for Customs and Excise is referred, do meet this Afternoon: And the Members of this House, who are of that Committee, are required then to attend.

Ordered, That the Matter of Money* for carrying 00 the great Affairs of the Kingdom* be taken into Consideration on Thursday next: And then the Report, concerning the Revenue* is to be made.

Ordered, That, on Friday next, Consideration shall be . had of the Bill of Sales; and - on Saturday next- the Bill concerning Ministers; and, for that End, the Committees Reports, upon the said several Bills* is then to be brought iri.

The House resumed the Debate upon the Act of General Pardon and Obiivion.

Resolved, That Wm. Burton be one of the Twenty Persons, to be excepted Out. of the General Pardon and Oblivion, for and in respect only of such.Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, (not extending to Life.) as shall he4 thought fit to be inflicted on him by another Act, in--tended to be hereafter passed for that Purpose.

Resolved, That William Bur be forthwith Lent for

in Custody, by-the Serjeant at Arms attending this1 House.

I .; '

The humble Petition of Mary late Wife of Chftjlopher Love, and Major James Winjtanly, her Brothel, Citizen of London, was read.

' ‘ t , '

The Question. being propounded, that Serjeant Richard Keeble be one. of the Twenty Persons to be excepted out of the Act of General Pardon and Oblividn, for and ifi respect only of such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures,-(not extending to life) as shall be thought fit to be in-flifted On him by another Act, 'intended to "be hereafter passed for that Purpose)

And being put to the Question, whether the Question shall be now put j

...Jt passed in the Negative.

Wednesdayi June 13th, 1660;

AMeflage from the Lords, by and Dr. Child, 'Mailers of Chancery The Lords defife the Concurrence of this House with them in a Petition to his Majesty, for publishing his Majesty's1 Proclamation concerning debauched Persons thorough' the Nation *. and for requiring the severalMinif- ters to read the same in their several Congregations -, — . And therewith delivered a Petition which was read. -'Ordered, That this House doth concur with, the Lords r in the said Petition.

-The Messengers being called in again, Mr. Speaker gave them this Answer;

The House have. considered of your Message ;.and read-the Petition-which you brought from the Lords j and do concur with the Lords therein.

The

The Tenor of the Petition is as followeth*

To the King's most Excellent Majesty:

The humble Petition of the Lords and Commons, in Parliament assembled.

The Lords and Commons, in Parliament assembled* do bids God-, that he hath put it into your Majesty's Heart to issue out the Proclamation, lately made against vicious, debauched, and profane Persons , and do humbly thank your Majesty for your pious Care therein expressed, for discountenancing and suppressing the said debauched Persons, and the Vices therein mentioned: And, that the same may take the more Effect* they do humbly pray your Majesty* that you would be graciously pleased to issue out Proclamations by the Advice of both your Houses of Parliament, that each Minister, in each Parish and Chapd within this your Realm of , and

Dominion of Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall and may, once in a Month* for Six Months next following* in their respective Congregations, read the said Proclamation concerning the said debauched Periods and may then press the observing of the Duties therein injoined* and die avoiding of the Vices therein forbidden.

Mr.Pryn reports, from the Committee, the Ekami-.nations of James Buckle and Thomas , who had' beeh charged with conveying of Mr. Miles Corbet beyond the Seas which Examinations were read.

Resolved, That James Puckle and Thomas Ellisi who are now in Custody with the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, be forthwith discharged, and set at Liberty.

The Question being propounded, that Oliver St. Serjeant at Law, shall be one of the Twenty PeHons to be excepted out of the Act of General Pardon and Oblivion,. for and in respect only of such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, (not extending to Life) as shall be thought fit to be inflicted on him by another Act, intended to be hereafter palfed' for that Purpose*

And it befog put to the Question, that the Questron should be now put

It passed in the Affirmative:

And the main Question being thereupon put; it was Resolved, That Oliver St. John, Serjeant at Law, shall be one of the Twenty Persons to be excepted out of the Act of General Pardon and Oblivion, for and in respect only of such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, (not extending to life) afe shall be thought fit to be inflicted on him by another Act, intended to be hereafter passed for that Purpose.

Resolved, That Alderman John Ireton be one of the Twenty Persons to be excepted out of the Act of Geh'e-ral Pardon and Oblivion, for and In respect only of such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, (not extending to Life) as shall be thought fit to be inflicted on him by another Act, intended to be hereafter passed for that Purpose.

Resolved, That Sir Arthur be One of the

Twenty Persons to be excepted out of the Act of General Pardon and Oblivion, for and in respect only of such Pains* Penalties, and Forfeitures, (not extending to life) as shall be thought fit to be inflicted on him by another Act, intended to be hereafter passed for that Purpose.

The Question being propounded* that Col. Wm. dtnbam be one of the Twenty Persons to be excepted out of the Act of General Pardon and Oblivion, for and in respect only- of such Pains, Penalties* and Forfeitures, (not extending to Life) as shall be thought fit to be so-flifted on him by another Act, intended to be hereafter passed for that Purpose

And it being put to the Question, whether the Quefc tion shall be now put

The House was divided 1 And the Noes went forth.

Col. King, c TeHecs for the Ndes :) 6

Cel. Jones I With the Noes* f

Lord Falkland, {Tellers for the Yeas:?

Col. Willoughby, I With the Yeas, J 147

And so the Question passing in the Affirmative;

And the main Question being put it was Resolved, That Col. Wm. Sydenham be o'he of the Twenty Persons to be excepted out of the Act of General Pardon and Oblivion* for and in respect Only of such Pains* Penalties* and Forfeitures, (not extending to Life) as shall be thought fit to be inflicted on him by another Act* intended to be hereafter passed fof that Purpose.

Resolved, That Col. John Disbrowe be one of the Twenty Persons to be excepted out of the Act of General Pardon and Oblivion, for and in respect only of such Paihs* Penalties, and Forfeitures, (not extending to Life) as shall be thought fit' to be inflicted on him by and ther Act, intended to be hereafter passed for that Purpose;

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, that Colonel Thomas Wuite<, Mr. Simon Meyne± and Mr. Peter Three of

those, who fat as Judges at the Trial of the late King's Majesty, have rendered themfelyCS to him* according to his Majesty's Proclamation and that he hath committed them to the Charge and Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the Commitment of the said Three Persons to the Serjeant at Arms be, and is hereby,' approved;

‘Thursday, 14th June^ 1660.

MR. Turner Reports, from the Committee for Privileges iand Elections, on the double Return for the Borough of Wilton in tile County of Wilts -, that, upon Examination of the Fast, the Question.was. Whether Mr. Hughes, being at present Mayor of the said Borough* and returned by himself, so one of the said Indentures, to serve for the said Borough, have Power to return himself j and that the Committee were of Opinion, that the said Mr. Hughes, the present Mayor, being so returned by himself, the Election is void as to him.

' Resolved* That this Hobfe doth agree with the Committee, that the Election of Mr. Hughs, to serve so this present Parliament for the said Borough of Wilton, is void: And that a new Writ be issued for a new Election of a Mfember tb serve for that Borough, in this present Parliament, so his Place: And that Mr. Speaker do fend his Warrant tb the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery* to pfepare inew Writ to be issued, as aforesaid: And that the Lord Chancellor bf' England do issue and pals the said Writ under the Great Seal of England accordingly.

Ordered, That when the Debate,'upon the Bill for Pardon and Oblivion, is oyer, thfe Bill for Poll Money shall* in the hekt Place, be read the Second time;'

The House resumed the Debateupon the- Bill of General Pardon and Oblivion.

The humble Petition of BUlftrodt was read.

The Question being propounded* that Bulstrode Whif-' lock Esquire shall bfc ohe of the Twenty Persons to be - excepted out of the Act of General' Pardon and Oblivion, for and so respect only offuth Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, (not extending to Life) as shall - Be thought fit to be inflicted on him by another Act, intended to be hereafter passed for that Ptnpose ' k '

And the Question befog put, that the Question be now put*

The House was divided: '; ';

And the Npes went forth. ' '

Sir George Booth, t Tellers fof the Noes: 1 -

Col. Jones, I With rbe Noes, 1 J

Mr.'

4 Journals of the House of Commons. A, 1660.

Mr. Gapbam, i 'Tellers for the Yea»: 1 4

Mr. Milbome, I With the Yeas, 1 134

And so die Question passed Ih the Negative*

The humble Petition of Sir Rob. was read.

Another Petition of Rob. a Member of the

late long Parliament* was read.

Rejbhed, That Daniel Anted dull be one of the Twenty Persons to be excepted out of the Act of General Pardon and Oblivion, for and in respect only of such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures* (not extending to Life) as shall be thought fit to be inflicted on him by another Act, intended to be hereafter passed for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the Bill for Poll Money be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning; and tint, in the next Place, ConsideratioA be had of the Matter of Money, for answering the great Occasions of the Kingdom.

Friday, June 15th, 1660.

f\Rdered, That Colonel Birch do bring in two Bilk . Tp-morraw Morning; the one for continuing the Revenue of the Excile; the other for continuing the Revenue of the Customs, for the Space of Six Months, to commence from die 24th of June next.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, that Alderman Pennington, who fat in Judgment at the Trial of the late King's Majesty, hath rendered himself to him, in pursuance of his Majesty's Proclamation; and that he hath committed him to the Charge and Custody of the Serjeant at Amis, till the Pleasure of this House be declared therein.

Ordered, That this HouTe doth approve of the Commitment of the said Alderman Pennington, as aforesaid.

A Bill for naturalizing Peter de la , alias Peters, ajrid John de la Pierre, alias Peters, was read the first time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Table, in Answer upon some Difference between Mr. Deane and Colonel White: and more than this he re-membrtth not; but only, that there was Company about three or four* with Mr. Gapb on Sunday last, when he used these Words.

Garrard.

June iith, 1660.

Robert Hatton, of London, Draper, being examined before this Committee, faith, that he being in Company with Mr. Chrtfiopher Gapbam, a Member of this House, oh the 27th of May last* at the Cradle in ,heard

Mr. Wm. Garrard say, that he heard Mr; White say,

" That if the King had wanted a Headfman, he would have been the Man and that he used the said Wotds at Sir Edward Barkbm'i Table: whereupon the said Mr. Clapham demanded of him, whether he would justify the said Words, or no, if he complained of them*, for that he had been once baffled in she House, upon a Business of the like Nature ? Whereupon the said Wm, Garrard replied* that he would justify the said Words; but this Examinant believeth the said Garrard was io distem-

pered, when he used these Words* with Pafflon, through Joy of the King's Coming in, or Drink, that he did not then understand well what he laid i and that Mr. Gap-born thereupon deftred this Examinant to bear Witness of these Words and that he reproving the said Gerrard for accusing his Kindred* he uttered Words, to this! Effect that he loved his King so well, that he would not conceal any Truth, out of Respect to any of hk Kindred.

Rob i Hattoni

John Or eye, of Ixdgate-Hiti, London, Fastoe, faith, that he was at the Cradle in Holboum on the 27th of May last, in Mr. Christopher Company, and

others, where he heard Mr. Wm. Garrard say, that Mr. White (one to whom he was refeted) laid, " That if the King wanted a Headfman (meaning the late King as hp supposeth) he would be die Man*" whereupon. Mr. Clapham demanded of the said Garrard, whether he would justify these Words ? whereunto he replied* be would; but he conceiveth, when he used these Woods, he was distempered with Drink, or with Joy,

Craye.

Mr. Pryn reposts, from die Committee, the Examine tions taken in the same of Colonel Wm. White, a Member of this House, concerning Words reported to be spoken by Colonel White, concerning the late King's Death *, viz. The Examinations of Wm, Garrard, Rob. Hatton, and John Crey j all which were read, and are in these Words; viz.

Juke 2d, 1660.

Mr. Wm. Garrard, being examined by this Committee, faith, that he never heard Colonel White ule the Words charged against him *, viz. " That if there wanted one to cut off the King's Head, he would cut it off him-fejf," nor any Words to the like Effect: That on Sunday last, he meeting with Mr. Gapbam, at one Hooke's House in Holboum, and having several Discourses touching these Times, and speaking of Colonel , he told Mr. Clap-

bam he heard it was repeated abroad, that Colonel White fHould say, prdently after the King's Death, that if there wanted one to cut off the King's Head, he would cut it off himself," or to that Effect; but he hoped hp was now of another Mind: That he heard this Report several Tones in several Companies; but remembers not particularly, who it was that reported it; and that one Robert Hatton, a Draper in Paul's Church-Tapd, was the first who told him he heard such a Report *, but from . what Person he heard it, he knows it not, nor at wljat Time, and Place, the said Report was made by Mr. Hatton j and he faith, that he heard Mr. Robert Hatton say, the Words woe spoken at Sir Edward. Barkbam's

Re/ohed, That this House doth declare, that Colonel Wm. White is dear from the false Aspersion call: upon him, as aforesaid and that he is not in the least guilty thereof.

Ordered, That Wm. Garrard, who stands committed to the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, be forthwith dffdurged, and fee at. Liberty.

The humble Petition of ArundeU Penruddock, W iefow, late Wife of John Penruddock Esquire,. decided, was read.

The Question being propounded* that Wm- Sutler, one of the late Major Generals, shall be one of tjip T.wen- . ty Persons to be excepted out of the Act. of General Pardon and Oblivion, for and in respect only of such . Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, (not extending to Life) as shall be thought fit to be inflicted on him* by another Act intended to be hereafter passed for that Purposo And the Question being put, that this. Question be now put *,

The House was divided:

And the Noes went forth.

Mr. Milbome, t Tellers for the Noes:

Mr. Palmer,c With the Noes, i 33

Sir John Temple,f Tellers for the Yeas: I.

Sir Ralph Knight, ( With the-Yeas,

And so it passed in the Affirmative:

And-thp main Question being put;

12. Car. II. Journals of the

The House was divided:

And the Yeas went forth.

Sir Edward Maffey, ( Tellers for the Yeas: i Sir John Bowyer, t With the Yeas, J I3I

Sir Henry Telverton, J Tellers for the Noes: 7 ,

Colonel King, I With the Noes, $ lbo

And so it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That John Blackwellof , shall be

one of the Twenty Persons, to be excepted out of the Act of General Pardon and Oblivion', for and in respect only of such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, (not extending to Life) as shall be thought fit to be inflicted on him by another Act, intended to be hereafter passed for that Purpose.

Saturday, June I6, 1660.

M R. Speaker acquainted the House, that Alderman Rob. Titchbome, Colonel George Fleetwood, and James Temple, have rendered th&nselves to him, in

pursuance of his Majesty's Proclamation *, and that he hath put them into the Charge and Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, till the Pleasure of this House shall be declared therein.

Ordered, That the Commitment of the said Persons accordingly to the Serjeant at Arms, be* and hereby is, approved by this HoUfe.

Ordered, That Sir John Drake, a Member of this House, have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

Ordered, That a Stop and Stay be forthwith made of

oil Waste, in any the Houses, Timber,'or Woods, stand* ing.and being in and upon any the Lands, part of the Queen's Majesty's Jointure, in whole Hands soever the same are , and that all Wood and Timber, which have been felled off any of the said Lands, at any Time since /the 2 5 th , Day of April last, whether remaining upon the said Lands, or removed off the Lands, to any other Place or Places, shall so remain, and continue, without further Disposal, till the Parliament shall give spedal Order therein: And all Persons concerned are required to take Notice hereof, and toobserve the same accordingly, at their Perils:

Ordered, That a Stop and Stay be forthwith made of nil Wastes, in any the Houses, Timber, or Woods, standing:, and being in or upon any the Lands belonging to the King's Majesty, in whose Hands soever the same are*, and that all Wood and Timber, which have been felled off any of the said Lands, at any time since the 25th of April last,- whether remaining upon the said - Lands, ot temoved off the Lands, to any other Plane, or Places, shall so remain and continue, without further Disposal, dH the . Parliament shall give special /Order therein);: And all Persons concerned are required to take Notice hereof, and toobserve the same accordingly, at their Perils: i

; That the-Lords Concurrence be desired herein; And Mr. and Mr. Pryn, or one of them, are to carry k to-the-Lords*;

Ordered, That the Committee of this House for Dif-coveries/ido inform themselves, what Prize Goods remain in the Hands of the present Collectors or Commissioners for Prize Goods:;and that they cause an Inventory to be forthwith taken thereof, and the said Goods tal be. secured; And they are also to require from the said Collectors, a speedy. and perfect Account of all the Prize, Goods, by them received, and to fee how the same stands upon the Foot thereof; and to appoint a Cheque, m take Notice rof their Accounts, ana of the Method" byjbfcm used in making up their Accounts, in such Sortj schai all Deceits to the State may be prevented:

L.

2

House of Coimmons. 9

In order whereunto, the Committee are to cause a perfect inventory to be made of all Books relating to the said Accounts; And that the said Books be put into the Hands of some indifferent Person, where the Committee and Collectors may freely resort to them upon all Occasions: And the Committee are also to take care, that the said Collectors do not further intermeddle in any future Prize Goods, whether already condemned, or in a Way of Condemnation; and that other faithful and fit Persons be appointed to take care thereof, that the Goods may be reserved for the Use of the State, Or Proprietors, according to Justice: And all Members of this House, who are Merchants, are added to the same Committee.

Ordered, That Alexander Chancy, who, pretending to act under the Sheriff of Middlesex hath, without Authority, seized upon several Goods belonging' to Colonel Downes (as the House was this Day informed) be forthwith taken into Custody by the Serjeant at Arms attending this House , who is to bring him before the Committee, to whom the Examination of Mr. s Bufi-

nels is referred: Which Committee are to examine him concerning his seizing of the said Goods without Warrant ', and to report it to the House: And the Sheriff of Middlesex is to take care, that all Goods seized by the said Chancey be secured, and preserved from embezzcling and to give an Account to the Committee, of all the Goods so seized and secured:

And Mr. Swaile, Mr. Rich, Mr. Tong, Mr.

Gerrard, Mr. Rolle, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Goodrick, Mr. Broadrick, Mr. Lowther, Sir Walter , Mr. Spry, Sit Gilb. Gerrard, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Willoughby, Sir Waller, Mr. Clifford, Mr. Enare added to the laidt Committee.

The House resumed the Debate upon the Bill of General Pardon and Oblivion.

The humble Petition of Frances Lambert, Wife of Colonel John Lambert, dose Prisoner in the Tower, was read.

Resolved, That Colonel John Lambert shall be one of the Twenty Persons, to be excepted out of the Act of General Pardon and Oblivion, for and in respect only of such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, (not extending to Life) as shall be thought fit to be inBifted on-him by another Act, intended to be hereafter passed for that Purpose.

The Question being propounded, that Pack, Alderman of the City of shall be orie of

the Twenty Persons, to be excepted out of the Act of General Pardon and Oblivion, for and' in respect only of such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, (not extending to LifeJ as shall be thought fit to be inBifted oh him by another Act, intended to be hereafter passed for that Purpose j

And the Question being put, that this Question be now put,

It passed in the Affirmative.:

And the main Question being put; it was '

Resolved, That Christopher Alderman: of the

City of London, shall be one of the Twenty Persons, to be excepted out of the Act of General Pardon and Oblivion, for and in respect only of such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, (not extending. to Life) as shall be thought fit to be inflicted on him by another Act, intended to be hereafter passed for thatlforpole.

Resolved, That Serjeant Richard shall. be one

of the Twenty Persons, to be excepted out of the Act of General Pardon- and Oblivion, fornnd in respectorily of such Puns, Penalties, and Forfeitures, (not extending to Life) as shall be thought fit to be inflicted on him by another Act, intended to be hereafter passed: for that Purpose. '

The Question being " propounded,: that Sir Wmf Roberts shall be one of the Twenty Persons,- to/ be excepted out of the Act of General Pardon arid Oblivion,

- *R Tor-

66 Journals vf the House Commons. .: i66lx

for and in respect only of iiich Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, (not extending to Life) as shall be thought lit to be inflicted on him. by another Att, intended to be hereafter passed for that Purpose;

And die Question being put, that this Question be now put;

The House was divided:

And the Noes went forth.

Sir Anthony Irby^ (Tellers for the Noes: )

Mr. Graye, t With the Noes, J *39

Colonel King., t Tellers for the Yeas: i Q

Sir Tho. Meeres, \ With the Yeas, J *3

so.it passed in the Negative.

Mr. Pryn reports, that he had delivered to the Lords the Twp Votes of this Day, for flopping of Wastes in his Majesjty's Lands, and in the Queen's Jointure Lands; and that the Lords give Answer, that they will fend Answer by Messengers of their own.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee for the Army, to cause the Ordinance for Three Months Assessment to be forthwith dispersed into the several Counties, in order to the putting of the same in Execution; and alish to pay the Printers for printing thereof: And Colonel Birch is desired to take care hereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Biddulpf a Member of this House, have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

Ordered, That his Majesty be humbly moved, from

this Hpijfe, that he will please to issue his Proclamation, for the calling in of the Two Books written by John Milton j one intituled, Jobannis Miltoni Angli pro Populo Anglicano Defenjio contra Claud alias Defenjionem Regiam; and the other, in Answer to a Book, intituled, ‘The . Protraiture of his Sacred Majesty in ftis Solfipdes and Sufferings , and also, the Book, intituled. The Obfiruftors of Justice, written in Defence of the

tpr^iterous Sentence against his said late Majesty, by John Gpodwin j and such other Books, as shall be presented to his Majesty jn a Schedule from this House , and to orcko thefPd to bft. burnt by. the Hand of the copimon Hangs man., .: . 1 .

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General d° cause effectual Proceedings to be forthwith had, by way of Indictment* Of Information, against John M in fefpeft of the

Two $oofe? by him Mitten; the oqe intituled,

Miltopi ffngli pro Populo Anglicano Deferjio contra Cldudii Anagymi, alias Salmafii, Defenjtonetn Regions-, and the other, in Answer to the Book intituled., The Protrai-, tyre of his Sacred Majffiy, in his Solitudes and Sufferings; and also against John Goodwin, in respect of a Book by. him written, intituled. The O of , being in Defence of the tfaiterous Sentence against the late King's Majesty.

Resolved, That Mr. Milton, and Mr. John Goodwin, be forthwith sent for,: in Custody, by the Serjeant at Arms attending, this IJoufe.

Monday \June i 8,b, 1660.

f\Rdered, Th^t all the Money, which shall be collected y at St._ Margaret*s Westminster, on Sevennight,

being the publickrThiildgiving Day, shall be applied and appropriated tq the,.Relief of the Poor of, that-Parish.

- Mr. Speaker acqusqnftsd fop. House,. that Sir John.

Bourchier, Colonel Owen Roe, and Colonel Robert LjJz. burns,. Three of those who.fat in Judgment upon the late King's- Majesty, when the Sentence of Death was pro.-1 nounped agamfLhiFr^tave render^d.thenjfelyes in Con-, fiprpiity to his Majesty's Proclamation; and that they are

in the Charge and Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That this House doth approve of the Commitment of Sir John Rourchier, Colonel Owen Roe, and Colonel Robert Lilborne, to the Serjeant at Arms at-

tending this House.

Resolved, That the several Informations of Mr. Thomas Godfrey, John Blancher, and Mr. John Brooke, taken on

Oath, at Norwich the ntb of June, 1660, concerning Major IVildmcn, be referred to the Committee, to whom Mr. Phurloe's Business is referred; to be by them confi-

dered of, and their Opinion thereupon reported- to1 the House.

Ordered, That the Examinations taken at in the County of Monmouth, the 7th of June, concerning Reynold Morgan, be referred to the same Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Annesley, Mr. Edward Hunger ford, Mr. Swauton, Mr. Swayle, Mr. , Sir Ralph,

Sir Anthony Ashley Cooper, Mr.; Rich, Sir Walter Earls,

Mr. Nor den, Mr. Pucker, Colonel King, YAr.Prynne, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Growth, and the Members of this House, who serve for the County of and the several Boroughs there; or any Three of them, be a Committee to consider of the humble Petition of Dr. Matthew Nicholas, concerning the Mastership of thfe Hospital of St. Nicholas, in Harnham near , and to examine

the Fact, and to report the same with their Opinion to the House: And they are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber Tomorrow at Three of the Clock in the AfternoOn.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Business of the Hospitals of the Savoy, and Ely House,. is referred, do bring in a. Lift of such Captains, and Officers, or other Persons in the said Hospitals, as may be fit to be recommended to the Governors of such Hospitals to receive them, and to admit them accordingly.: : '

\; ... ..t -d.,) . ' J

: The humble Petition of Sif'H MUdfindJ, Knight; was read. " ..... i 'iij i . .1 t

Ordered, That the Commitment of Sir Henry Mildmaf

to the Powep be suspectded; and that he be forthwith committed to the Charge. and) Custody ofbtlie Seijeaiit at A^rms. attending this House.: .!c . ,icvr. s

Ordered, That Sir Francis Gerrard, Mr Mr. Lowther, Sir John Temple, Daniel Homey, Sir Henage Finch, Mr. Spry, Mr.

Mr. Jennings, Sir Wm.Day ley,: Sir WaltsfPJidAe, - Mr. Skipwith, . Mr. Marsham, Sir- Gilb, Gerrard', Dt^Clayten, Mr. Tong, Mr. Annesley, CcAone\ Mr< 'Hels, fMn Roderda, Mr. Charlton, Mr.' Swinfen, Sir- AfttN Aucher\

Sir Gapell Luck-fin, Mr. SWayls^ Mr. Radcliffe, Sir Anthony

Ashley Cooper,- Sir Ralph Rancks, Mr.! Rampfeild,' Sir Wm.

Wheeler, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, i Mr.' Qrowt'cb, be ^a Committee for :impre^>riate Rje6tories:v With- Bower-tb inform themselves, how it. stands as to the Revenue'formerly under the Management of the late Trufoees,--for Maintenance of Mihifters, and of the Powers the said former Trustees had t and.how- foe-Rents now "due, and ill Arrear, may be gotten in; and this Summers' Profits secured and received; and what will be fit to be offered upon the Cafe; for foe putting of that whole Affair into such a Way, as may be most-for the publick Advantage And they are to meet this Afternoon at Tyro of tha Clock in the Speaker's.Chamber.

1 1 < " t - /

The Bill for naturalizing Peter.de la alias' Peters,

and Johnde la Pierre, alias PJwsj was read tlfe Second time; and, upon the Question; ordered tO-be-ingrossed.

;T 1 r* . s Jv'C k 'w. 'J

Mr. Secretary Mortice acquaints the H^use, that he hath a Command from his Majesty, to deliveria-Message from his. Majesty to this House, being put- into Writing which he desired might be read: And the same was

read

12 Car* II. Journals of the Hotfft of CoipnK)ns{ 67

read by Mr. Speaker, (landing up j the same being as be satisfied,; that their Sccunty. is in tlx-ir own Hands, followeth: Viz. and depends upon tjicip-.iuturc Actions j and that they

are free for all that is pall: And so all the Endeavours of ill Men will be disappointed, which would persuade them not to do well now, ibccause they have heretofore done amiss. And Wc are the more engaged to this Our Re-comnr^endation, becayfe, upon the Reflectioij of your eminent Zeal and Affection for Our Service, and hearty Cpncurrence.with fJs in all. We (lava desired from you. Men are apt "to persuade others, {though thfy do not be-

WE have had too ample a Manifestation of your keve it themselves) that the passing the Act is therefore Affection and Duty toward Us, the good Effect deferred, because We do-not enough press the Dispatch whereof is notorious to the World, to make the least: of it:, which We do defr: from Our Hearty and are

Doubt of the Continuance and Improvement thereof) of, confident you will die sooner do, upon this Put tarnest in the least Degree, to dislike what you have done; or to Recommendation.

complain of what you have left undone: We know well Ordered, That Mr. Secretary Morris be desired to r$-the W«ght of those Affairs* which depend upon your turn to his Majesty the humble Thanks of this. House, Councils, and the Time that must unavoidably be spent for his gracious Message j and to represent to Ids Main Debates,‘where there must naturally be Difference of that thft.House will make it their-Endeavour tp

Opinion and Judgment anjpngft: those whose DeGres of giy? a speedy Dispatch {o vvh^pjs.mentioned in his Ma-publick Peace and Safety are the &n?e; and neither We jetty's Message x and tp all other Matters; relating to nor you must be overmuch troubled, if we find our good -the PutJiek.

Intentions, and the unwearied Pains we take to reduce -. i - .< .-rid r;.

those good Intentions into real Acts for the Quiet land The House resumed the Debate upom the Act of Gp-Security of the Nation, misrepresented andmifinterpret- fleral Pardon and Indemnity. i

ed by those, who are, in Truth, afiiifted to see the That Charles Fleetwood shall be pne of the

publick Distractions (by God's Blessing) so near an End; Twenty Persons to be excepted out of the Act of Ge-and by others, upon whole Weakness, Fears, and Jealou- neral Pardon and Oblivion, for and in respect only of lies, the Aftiyity and Cunning of those ill Men havie frch Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, (not extending to too great an Influence. ' Life,) as shall be thought fit to be inflicted on him by

How wonderful and miraculous soever the great Har- i 'Wither Act, intended to be hereafter passed for that tnony of Affections, between Us and Our gdod Subjectj, Purpose.

is (and that is so visible and manifefk; to the:World, > ' Resolved, That John Pyne shall be one of thd Twenty that there scarce appears the View of any Cloud to over- Pprfons to be excepted out of the Act of General Pardon lhadow or disturb it; yet We must not think, that God wd Oblivion, for and in respect pnly of such Pains, Pe-Almighty hath wrought the Miracle to that Degree, Cnajties, and Forfeitures, (not extending to Life) as shall that a. Nation, so miserably divided f6r so many Yeart, Be thought fit to be inflicted on him by another Act, inis lb soon and intirely united in their Affections and tended to be hereafter patted for that Purpose., Endeavours, as were to be wished; but that the evil The humble Petition of Philip Jones Esquire Was Confidences of many Men continue so awike for Mif- -.Ifeafio .:

chief, that they are not willing to take Rest themleWcs, The humble Petition of Bleary. Morgan Gent, was or to suffer others to take it: and we have all had'too read.

fid Experience of theunhappyEffefts of1 Fears and jea- Thar" shall be one of the

loufies, how groundless knid unreasonable- foCVer, hot -tb- Twenty Persons to be excepted out of the Act of Ge-think it very necessary to apply all timely -and* proper neral Pardon '-and Oblivion, for- and in respect only of Remedies to those Distempers; and to prevent the Incon- such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, (not extending to veniencies and Mischiefe, which t»o nawmtly {k»w from 'Life) as shall be thought fit to be inflicted on him By thence: We wellforefaw, that the great Violation, which -another Act, intended to be hereafter patted for fthat the Laws of the Land had for To many"Yfcara fuflaihed, -'Purpose.

had filled the Hearts of the People whh 'a';terrible Ap- - 'The humble Petition of -was read,

prehension of Infeimrity: tb' themselves, ifi-kH tfrey had -ir> The Qiscftion being propounded, that Major Rich. fitd and done should be liable to be CXarr^fled^ndpemlh- '&eed shall -W one of the Twenty' Persons to Bb excepted cd by those Laws, which had been fovidtetfed i and fMt ^2>uc of: the Act of General Pardon and ObHvion^ for and nothing could establish the'Security of King and-Pedpte, in respect only of such PainS, Penalties, and Forfeitures, but a full Provision, that rite returning fb d* Reverrifote ‘(not extending to Life) as shall Be thought1 fit tb be inland Obedience of the Law (which i? good' for'Us' ail) Sifted on him 'by another Act, intended tb be hereafter should not turn to the Ruin of any, Whb'ih^ Willing :and passed for that Purpose j 1

fit to receive that Protection hereafter from thej Law, And the Question being put, that the Question be now imd to pay d»t Subjection tb it,-that iTjtifttVnd fS'cef- <put* / v

fatyi and therefore We made that free Of^ioFa^Gri* The Hottfe was.divided";

nerri Pardon, mf such 3^ Manner-as'ft/e^refrJd'Jrr-Oty - ' ' And thd-NoeS Went forth.' 1 '

Declaration: And how ready and defies We1 are'tb 1 Cof. ‘ {Tellers For the Noes:?

make goodThe lamb, -appears by- Dur ;)Rrbciataiatioj(?, __ Sit Daniel Harvey, I AVith the Noes,-' 5

whach We have issued ouPupon and' accdtiling to ybtir -" -M ( Tdlers -for the Yeas: J -

Desire..... Sir With phe Yeas,; J 1+7

Hoacever, it is evident, riiat-all We haWe!iei*idb, oftiht, t!JCAnd Ib-^afllhg in the Affirmative { . */ -

doth not enough compose the Minds of Our People ihaf, r'Arid the main Question being-put;: '

in their Opinions, can their Security be provide^ for, till n The Hddfe Was divided: -

the Act bf Indemnity and GJblivion be. pafledv and We ^‘- And the Yeas went forth; i -

find greatIndustry isi ufrd By those, jwhb'14^0' riot ,wish ISir1 t Tdlere for Hie Yeas;?

Aat Peace tb the Kingdom thty ougjft ;fo‘do, 'to pir1- ^'^r. GilP Gefrardi t With the 'Yeas, ' 1 *33

fuade Our good Subjects, that We havf nq Ming tb ^iSif (Tellers for the Noes:

make good Our Rroniifes -, "which, fWe d^fire Col. t With the Noes, J xo3

to perftwm'for cW ownSake, as weHas ASty: AndJ1W^ lb in the Affirmative; it was '

do therefore very earnestly recohimerid f011' or Resolved;'^hat Major Pifhard Creed shall be one of all possible Expedition be used in the passing that most the Twenty Persons to be excepted out of the Act of neceflaty Act, whereby Our good Subjects generally will General Pardon and Oblivion, for and in respect only of 5 such

such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, (not extending to Life) as shall be thought Ht to be inflicted on him by another Act, intended to be hereafter passed for that Purpose.

Resolved, That Philip Nye shall be one of the Twenty Persons to be excepted out of the Act of General Pardon and Oblivion, for and in respect only of such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, (not extending to Life) as shall be thought fit to be inflicted on him by another Act*, intended to be hereafter passed for that Purpose.

Resolved, That John Goodwin Clerk, shall be one of the Twenty Persons to be excepted out of the Act of General Pardon and Oblivion, for and in respect only of -such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, (not extending to Life) as shall be thought fit to be inflicted on him by another Act, intended to be hereafter passed for that Purpose.

The Question being propounded, that Colonel shall be one of the Twenty Persons to be excepted out of the Act of General Pardon and Oblivion, for and in respect only of such Pains, Penalties, and 'Forfeitures, (not extending to Life) as shall be thought fit to be inflicted on him by another Act, intended to be hereafter passed for that Purpose *,

And the Question being put, that the Question be how put}

It passed in the Affirmative:

Whereupon the Question being put; it was

Resolved, That Colonel Ralph Cobbet shall be one of the Twenty Persons to be excepted out of the Act of Ge-'neral Pardon and Oblivion, for and in respect only of such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, (not extending to Life) as shall be thought fit to be inflicted on him by another Act, intended to be hereafter passed for that Purpose.

The Information of Wm. Y, of Piellcrochun in the County of Pembroke, Doctor in Physick, concerning Hugh Peters, was read.

Resolved, That Win. Hewlett be excepted out of the Act of General Pardon and Oblivion.

Resolved, That Hugh Peters be excepted out of the Act of General Pardon and Oblivion.

Tuesday, 19th June, 1660.

dures. Indeed, no Measure of Thanks is proportionable to the Measure of your Merit, but the Thanks of this House: And therefore I am commanded, and I do, in the Name of this House, and in the Name of all those whom they represent, the Commons of give

you their most hearty Thanks.

The House being informed that Colonel who fat as one of the Judges of the late King, is seized, and secured by the Lord General's Order;

Ordered, That the said Colonel Downes be forthwith put into the Charge and Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House j and so to continue till further Order.

The House resumed the Debate of the Bill for General Pardon and Oblivion: And the Two last Provisoes, in the Amendments, being read, were agreed.

Ordered, That the Bill for General Pardon arid- Oblivion, be recommitted to the former Committee upon the present Debate, to be brought in again Tomorrow Morning.

Colonel Birch reports a Bill, for the further Continuance of the Customs and Excise till the 29th of September 1660 y which was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage be granted to his Majesty during his Life.

Resolved, That the Committee, to whom the preparing of Bills is referred, do bring in a Bill for that Purpose: And that the same have Reference to a Book of Rates to be hereafter agreed upon by this Parliament,

Resolved, That it be referred to the Committee, to consider upon this whole Debate, how the Subsidy of (Tonage and Poundage shall be collected in the mean time, till a new Book of Rates shall be agreed; and to prepare the Bill accordingly.

The humble Petition of the Merchants of trading to the Dominions of the King of , was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the . Committee, to whom the Bill for Tonage and Poundage -is referred. v ..*' 't

MR. Speaker acquaints the House, that Colonel

drian Scroope, Mr, Augustine Garland, Colonel Edmond Harvey, and Mr. Henry , Four of those who

fat as Judges upon the late King's Majesty, have rendered themselves to him in pursuance of his Majesty's Proclamation j and that they are put into the Charge of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, till the Pleasure of the House be therein signified.

Ordered, That this House doth approve of the Commitment of the said Persons; and that they so continue till further Order.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to the Lord General Edward Mo, one of the Generals at Sea, in the Name of themselves, and of all the Commons of England) for his great and eminent Services to his Majesty and the Kingdom:

And Mr. Speaker gave him the Thanks of this House accordingly *, he Handing in his Place:.

My Lord, If you please to cast your Eyes about you, you may read, in our chearful Faces, our thankful Hearts; which do indeed express your Praises. more than Ten thousand Tongues can possibly do it. -God hath done you the Honour to be the Conveyancer of the greatest Blessing that ever this Nation received: You have, landed our Sovereign upon the safest Shore?. that ever English King set his Foot upon j the Hearts of his People.;

The House have therefore ordered this eminent and transcendent Service to be recorded in their Journal, there to remain for your Honour* so long as this World ear

The Bill for the further Continuance of the Customs and Excise,' ^yas read the Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill, be! committed to the Committee for preparing of Bills; who are to consider thereof upon the whole present Debate: And they are to meet in the Exchequer Chamber at Two of the Clock this Afternoon: And: all Members of the House, that shall come thither, are to have Voices: And Colonel is to take care thereof as also of the other Bill for the Subsidy of Tonage and-Poundage: And he is for that Purpose added to the said Committee.

t\Y - > . < i"' ‘ ' J ' . 1

y Ordered, fTfiat jphe Committee, to whom the Business of Impropriate* Rectories is referred, have Power:to fend for Persons, Records, Books, Papers, and witnesses, as they shall findneceflhry:

And Sir John Bowyer, Mr. Goodrich, Mr Mr.

pulkiey. Sir John Lowther, Sir Richard. , Colonel West, Major Beake, Sir Capell Luchin, are added to the said. Committee.: And that any Five of them be a 'Qyorum. j: ;: ~ ' '

1 ./The( House being informed, that Mr who was itfprpddto serve in this present Parliament for jific, Borough^ Wellington in d>e County of is

,dead; -ri c-- ^:

Ordered, Xhat- a.-new-Writ b§» flfiied for-Election of another-Pei^, to^serve in this present parliament'for. the Borough of Keitington in the County of fornevudUnW the Place of Mr ' Robert Rollr,.'decelled; and -that Mr.

..C-'. . vSpeaker

V.

Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery to prepare a Writ; and that the Lord Chancellor of England do pass the same under the Great Seal accordingly.

Wednesday, 20 J 1660.

MR. Turner reports, from the Committee for Privileges and Elections, on the double Election for the Borough of Wiggan in the County of Lancaster;

Resolved, That the Matter of the Election for the Borough of Wiggan in the County of Lancaster., be recommitted to the Committee for Privileges and Elections: And the Mayor of Wigan is required to produce before the Committee the Charter, whereby the said Borough is incorporated: And the Committee are to examine, whether there were any Misdemeanor in the Carriage of the Mayor about this Business; and to make Report of the Whole.

He also reports, from the said Committee, the same upon the double Return for the Borough of rura in the County of Comewall \ that, upon Examination of the

Fast, the Question appeared to be. Whether the Mayor and Four-and-Twenty, or all the Freemen of that Borough, have Right to cleft Members to serve in Parliament; and that the Committee are of Opinion, the Mayor and Four-and-twenty, without the Freemen, have Right to elect; and that Edward Bofcawen Esquire, being returned in one Indenture from the said Mayor, and Four-and-twenty, together with Walter Vincent Esquire, who is also returned in the other Indenture with Hender Roberts Esquire, is duly elected, and ought to fit.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the Mayor and Four-and-twenty of the Borough of Truro in the County of , have the

Right of electing Members to serve in Parliament for that Borough; and that Mr. , together with

Mr. Vincent, are duly elected; and that they do fit in this House.

He also reports, from the said Committee, the same upon the double Return for the Burgh of in

the County of Lancaster; that, upon Examination of the Fast, it appeared to the Committee, that, at the Time of the Election, the taking of the Poll was denied by the Mayor; and that, in respect thereof, the Committee are of Opinion the Election is void.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the Election for Members to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Preston in the County of Lancaster, is void; and that a new Writ be issued for a new Election; and that Mr. Speaker do issue a Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery for preparing a new Writ for that Purpose; which the Lord Chancellor of England is to issue, and pass under the Great Seal of England accordingly.

Colonel Jones reports, from the Committee for publick Debts, a List of several Debts charged on the Receipt of the publick Exchequer by several Warrants therein mentioned, amounting to Twenty-nine thousand Three hundred Ninety-seven Pounds Fifteen Shillings and a Halfpeny.

Resolved, That all further Payments upon any Debts contrafted betwixt the Fifth of December 1648, and the 22 th of February 1659, (other than those which concern the Navy or Army) be flopped and forbom till further Order; and that it be referred back to the Committee, to examine the Grounds and Equity of the particular Debts; and the Conditions of the Persons, to whom they are due; and to represent their several Cafes, from time to time, to this House, as they shall find necessary; to the Intent further Order may be thereupon given, as shall be meet.

Mr. Hollis reports from the Committee, to whom the Business of the Queen's Jointure is referred, the Opinion of the said Committee, that Twenty thousand Pounds be sent to the Queen's Majesty for her present Support; to be charged on the Three Months Assessment.

Resolved, upon the Question, by the Commons, assembled in Parliament, that the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, for the Queen's Majesty's present Occasions, be charged upon the Act and Ordinance of Assessment of Seventy thousand Pounds per , for Three

Months; to be paid in Course (after the other Sums, already charged upon the said Security, be satisfied) to such Persons, as the Queen's Majesty shall appoint to receive the feme:

That the Lords Concurrence be desired herein: And Mr. Holies is desired to carry it to the Lords.

Ordered, That Colonel Archer be added to the Committee for the Queen's Jointure.

Mr. Thomas reports from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Doctor Matthew Nicholas is referred; that, upon Examination and Proof, the Fast appeared to be, that the said Doctor Nicholas was in Possession of the Mastership and Government of the Hospital of St. Nicholas, in Hamham near Sal, divers Years before

the late Wars, and until the Year 1645; when he, being a very reverend and worthy Divine, was ejected, by Sequestration, only for his Residence at his Deanery in Brijtoll in the Time of the Wars, being the King's Gar-rifoq; and that all, that since pretended any Interest unto the Government of that Hospital, have done it under that Seque fixation; and the Opinion of the Committee, that Doctor Matthew Nicholas be forthwith restored to his Mastership and Government of the said Hospital of St. Nicholas.

Ordered, by the Commons, assembled in Parliament, That Doctor Matthew Nicholas be from henceforth restored to his Mastership and Government of the Hospital of St. Nicholas in Hamham near , and

to thp Rents and Profits thereof:

That the Lords Concurrence be desired herein: And Mr. Hollis is desired to carry it to the Lords.

Colonel Birch reports a Bill, for the further Continuance of Excise, from the 24th of June to the 25th of December 1660; which was read the First and Second time.

Mr. Pryn reports a Clause to be added to the Bill, concerning the Receiving apd issuing of the Monies which shall be collected by virtue thereof; which was read.

Resolved, That the Bill, for further Continuance of the Excise, be, upon the whole Debate, referred back to the former Committee.

Resolved, That the additional Clause, now tendered, be referred to the feme Committee; to be by them considered of: And they are also to consider of the Qualifications of the Officers employed about the Excise; and, in case they shall find any of them unfit to be continued, to present to the House the Names of such other Persons as they shall think fit: And they are to meet at Two of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber; and to make Report thereupon Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Henage Finch reports, from the Committee, a Bill for the Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage; which was read the First and Second time; and, on the Question, ordered to be referred to a Grand Committee of the whole House, upon the whole present Debate.

Mr. Hollis brings Report, that, according to the Order of this House, he had attended the Lords with the Vote of this House, passed this Day, for Twenty thousand Pounds, for the Queen's Majesty; which the Lords do fully concur withal; as also, that he had attended them with the other Vote concerning Doctor Matthew Nicholas;

S to

to which the Lords say they will return Answer by Messengers of their own.

Ordered, by the and Commons, now assembled 'Thursday, 2I,h ‘jltiti, I 66®.

in Parliament, That One Subsidy, called Tonage, and

One other Subsidy, called Poundage, and those other Duties called or known by the Name of New Impost, shall continue to be paid after the Rates, Rules, and Proportions, by which they are now due and payable; and upon the same Goods and Merchandize whereupon the same are now lpvied and collected, until the Twenty-fourth of July, which shall be in the Year of our Lord 1660; before which Time one Act is intended to be passed for the Setdement and Regulation thereof.

Ordered, by the Commons, now assembled in Parliament, That the Imposition of Excise shall continue to be pad after the Rates, Rules, and Proportions, by which the same is now due and payable; and upon the same Goods and Merchandize whereupon the same are now levied and collected, until the Twenty-fourth of July, which shall be in the Year of our Lord 1660; before which Time one Act is intended to be passed for the Settlement and Regulation thereof:

That the Lords Concurrence be desired in these Votes: And Mr. Pryn is to carry them to the Lords.

Mr. Speaker acquaints the House, that Colonel Henry Marten, who fat as one of the Judges upon the late King's Majesty, had rendered himself this Day, in Conformity to his Majesty's Proclamation; and that he had ordered the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to take him into his Custody.

Ordered, That this House doth approve of the Commitment of Colonel Henry Marten to the Serjeant at Arms attending this House; and that he so continue, till this House take further Order.

He also acquaints the House, that Sir Hardres one other of the said Judges, did Yesterday render himself, in Conformity to his Majesty's Proclamation.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take him into his Custody; and that he lo continue him, till this House shall give further Order.

He also acquaints the House, that, upon Request made unto him on Behalf of Colonel John one

other of the said Judges, he had granted a Pass for his coming to London, in order to his rendering himself, in Conformity to his Majesty's Proclamation; which, by reason of his late Sickness, he may not be able to do within the Time thereby limitted.

Ordered, That, upon his' rendering himself, as aforesaid, Mr. Speaker do receive him, as if he had come within the Time limitted by the said Proclamation.

Ordered, That Leave be given to Sir Wm. Whitmore Baronet, a Member of this House, to go into the Country.

Ordered, That his Majesty's gracious Message to this House, delivered by Mr. Secretary Morris on the 18th of June Instant, and then read, be forthwith printed and published.

Ordered, That Colonel Adrian Serotype, who fat as one of the Judges upon the late King's Majesty, being now in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, be set at Liberty, upon giving his Promise and Engagement to Mr. Speaker, to appear and render himself to this House, at such time as they shall require his Attendance.

The humble Petition of Elizabeth Blagrttvs, Wife of Paniel Blagrave, was this Day read.

fJRdered, That Mr. Thomas a Member of this House, have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

Mr. Speaker acquaints the House, that the Lord Mon-Jon, who fat as one of the Judges upon the late King's Majesty, came Yesterday with his Keeper, and rendered himself to him, in Conformity to his Majesty's Proclamation; and that, finding him to be a Prisoner in Execution in the Fleet, he remanded him back to the Fleet, charging him with the Order of this House.

Ordered, That this House doth well approve thereof.

He also acquaints the House, that Lieutenant General Ludlow, who fat as one of the Judges upon the late King's Majesty, had rendered himself to him Yesterday, in Conformity to his Majesty's Proclamation.

Ordered, That Lieutenant General Ludlow be taken into Custody by the Serjeant at Arms attending th§ House; and so continued till further Order.

He also acquaints the House, that Mr. John Carew', who lat as one of the Judges of the late King's Majesty, is brought up by the Sheriff of the County of , according to the Order of this House; and that he had put him into the Charge of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That this House doth approve of the Commitment of Mr. John Carew to the Serjeant at Arms attending this House; and that he be so continued till further Order.

Mr. Turner reports, from the Committee for Privilege* and Elections, the same upon the Return for the Borough of Scarborough in the county of ; that, upon Examination of the Fast, it appeared, that Mr. William Thomp-Jon had a greater Number of Voices than Mr. Ledgard, who is returned, together with Mr. Luke Robinson, by Indenture, as Members to serve in this present Parliament; and that the Committee are of Opinion, that the said Mr. Thompson is duly elected, and ought to fit.

Resolved , That this House doth agree with the Committee, that Mr. Thompson is duly elected to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Scarborough; and that he do fit in this House.

Resolved, That a new Writ be issued for a new Election of a Burgess to serve for the Borough of Scarborough in the County of Yorke, in the Place of Mr. Luke Robinson, who is discharged, by an Order of this House, from fitting as a Member of this Parliament; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, to prepare a new Writ for that Purpose; which thee Lord Chancellor of England is to issue and paf* under the Great Seal accordingly.

Resolved, That, in regard of the Misdemeanour of the Bailiffs of the Borough of Scarborough, in returning of Mr. Ledgard to serve as a Member of this present Parliament, though he had a lesser Number of Voices, and neglecting to return Mr. Thompson, though he had a greater Number of Voices at the said Election, both the Bailiffs of the said Borough be forthwith sent for in Cuff tody by the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Mr. Turner doth also report, from the said Committee, the same upon the Election for the Borough of Northampton; that, upon Examination of the Fact, the Committee were of Opinion, that the Election is net void, albeit the Precept was not read at the Election, the Substance of it having been there published by the proper Officer; that the Commonalty, as well as the Bailiffs, Aldermen, and Forty-eight Common-Councilmen, have Right to elect; and that Richard Rainsford Esquire, who is one of the Performs returned by Indenture, and Sir John

Norwich

S

Norwich Baronet, who, by his Petition, complained of the Return, having Majority of Voices, are duly elected, and ought to fit.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the Election of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Northampton is not void, albeit the Precept was not formally read at the Time of the Election, the Subdance of it being publish-cd by the proper Officer.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the Bailiffs, Aldermen, and Forty-eight Common-Councilmen, together with the Commonalty of the Borough of Northampton, have Right to elect Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that Sir John Norwich and Mr. Rainsford, having the Majority of Voices, are duly elected to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Northampton and that they do fit in this House.

Mr. Amejley reports, from the Committee of this House, formerly Members of the late Council of State, to whom several Matters, in reference to his Majesty's Reception, are referred; that having, in pursuance of several Orders, directed considerable Quantities of Goods to be provided, which were necessary for his Majesty's Reception, consisting of such Particulars as are comprehended in the Estimates agreed unto by this House, the late Council of State, or the said Committee and that Accompts being brought in for the fame, and Satisfaction craved by the Persons who furnished the same (some of whose Bills do exceed the Estimate formerly approved of); the said Committee find, that although this House, by their Order of the 16th of May last, did charge Twenty thousand Pounds upon the present Ordinance for Three Months Assessment, towards defraying the Charge of the necessary Preparations for his Majesty's Reception; yet they do not find themselves clearly impowered to issue any of the said Sum, other than Two thousand Pounds to Alderman Fredrick and others: Whereupon the Direction of the House was humbly prayed for taking the Accompts of the respective Persons, and to order the issuing of the Remainder of the said Twenty thousand Pounds, so far as the same will extend towards Satisfaction of the said Persons, and their Bills, as aforesaid.

Resolved, That the said Committee be, and hereby are, impowered to take and examine the Bills and Accounts of all Persons, who have provided and furnished Goods, in order to his Majesty's Reception, upon the Estimates in the Report mentioned; and to allow of them as they shall find Cause; and thereupon to give Warrant for satisfying and paying the lame, out of the Twenty thousand Pounds charged on the Ordinance for Three Months Assessment, and assigned to the Use aforesaid, so far as the same shall extend over and above the Three thousand Pounds, charged by special Orders of this House, on the said Twenty thousand Pounds, for so much advanced on the Credit thereof; viz. One thousand Pounds, by Sir John R, and Two thousand Pounds by Alderman Frederick and others, which are to be paid according to the said Orders: And the Treasurer or Receiver General, appointed by the said Ordinance for Three Months Assessment, is authorized and required to pay the said Twenty thousand Pounds to such Persons, and in such Proportions, as the said Committee shall, by their Warrants, direct and limit; and such Warrants, with the Receipts of the several Persons to whom the same shall be payable, testifying their Receipt thereof, shall be to the said Treasurer or Receiver General, for so much as shall be so paid, a sufficient Warrant and Discharge.

Mr. Pryn reports Amendments to the Bill for confirming the Privileges of Parliament, and the fundamental Laws of the Land; which were read, and agreed; and, on the Question, the Bill was ordered to be engrossed.

The Question being propounded, that it be referred to die Committee, who brought in the Bill of General Pardon and Oblivion, to prepare the other Bill, relating to the Persons excepted out of the Act of General Pardon and Oblivion;

It passed in the Negative.

The Bill for Poll Money, for the speedy Provision of Money, for the disbanding and paying off part of the Forces by Land and Sea, and for other urgent and necessary Occasions of the Kingdom, was this Day read the Second time; and, on the Question, was committed unto a Grand Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That the House be turned into a Grand Committee of the whole House Tomorrow Morning, in order to the Debate of the said Bill.

The House being informed, that divers Aldermen, and others, attended at the Door from the Lord-Mayor, Aldermen, and Common-Council of the City of,

they were called in , and, standing at the Bar, Mr. Alderman Fowke spake as followeth:

May it please you, Mr. Speaker,

We are sent from the Lord-Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council of the City of ,humbly to acquaint this House, that we have lately made our humble Address to his Most Sacred Majesty, humbly praying that to his former Graces he would give us a further Opportunity to express our Toy for his happy Restitution and Return, and for all the nappy Consequences thereof; and, for this Purpose, that he would honour the City lb far, as to accept an Invitation from them, to dine at Guild-Hall, upon such a Day as himself should please to appoint. His Majesty has graciously accepted the Invitation, and appointed this Day Fortnight, being the 5th of July, to be the Day. Hereupon, considering a Parliament is fitting, and that, as it becomes us to express our Loyalty and Duty to his Majesty, so also our humble Respects to the honourable the Houses of Parliament *, We therefore, by Direction of the Lord-Mayor, Aldermen, and Common-Council, and in the Name and Behalf of the City of London, do humbly pray, that this House will honour that Meeting with their Presence.

And lo they withdrew.

Ordered, That this House doth accept the Invitation from the City of London; and that their hearty Thanks be returned to the said City.

The Aldermen, and the rest, being called in again, Mr. Speaker Ipake unto them as followeth;

Gendemen, The House have considered of your Mefi-sage; and take nodee of the constant Continuation of the Kindness of the City of London to this House j and do accept of your Invitation and have commanded me to return you the very hearty Thanks of this House.

Ordered, That the Bill for confirming judicial Proceedings be brought in by the Committee Tomorrow Morning, to be considered of at the first Sitting of the House.

Friday, June 22th, 1660.

QRdered, That Major Wm. Burton, one of the Twenty V excepted Persons, being now in Custody with the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, shall have Liberty to attend his private Occasions , upon his giving Security, before the Serjeant at Arms, to appear and render himself to him, at such time as he shall require the fame.

Resolved, By the and Commons, assembled in Parliament, that Ten thousand Pounds, Part of what remains in Arrear, and unpaid, of the Twenty thousand Pounds conferred by Parliament on the Lord General

Monck,

Monck, be charged on the Act and Ordinance for an Assessment of Seventy Thousand Pounds Month, for Three Months, commencing the 24th of June, 1660; and be paid in Course to the Lord General Monck, or such as he shall appoint to receive the same, by the Treasurer or Receiver General appointed to receive the said Ageffments, out of the Monies which shall come in by virtue of the said Act and Ordinance.

And the Lords Concurrence is desired herein: And Sir Thomas Clergis is to carry it to the Lords.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider, how the Residue of the Twenty thousand Pounds, conferred on the Lord General Moncke, which is in Arrear, over and above what's paid at the Receipt of Exchequer, and over and above the Ten thousand Pounds charged on the Ordinance for Three Months Assessment, may be raised and satisfied in the furelt and speediest Way , and that Serjeant Maynard, Mr. Turner, Mr. Pryn, Sir Thomas Clergis, Colonel Birch, Sir John Colonel

King, Sir John Northcot, Sir Finch, be the Committee.

Ordered, That the said Committee do, upon their finding out of such Way for paying in the said Residue, inform themselves, what Tallies have been struck in the Exchequer, for any Part of the said Twenty thousand Pounds, and the Money not actually paid -, and to consider, how the said Tallies may be discharged and vacated; and report it to the House.

Sir Henage Finch reports some Additions, Omissions, and Alterations, to the Bill of General Pardon and Oblivion, to make the same consistent and congruous with the former Amendments; which were read by him, Handing in his Place; and afterwards were read the First and Second time, by the Clerk.

Resolved, That the Time to which the Act of Oblivion shall extend, shall be unto the 24th of June 1660 j and that the 29th of May in several Places in the Amendments, be made the 24th of June 1660, accordingly.

A Proviso was tendered to this Bill in these Words > viz.

Provided that this Act, or any thing therein contained, shall not extend to pardon the Arrears of any Farmers,

Or Tenants of any Rectories or Tythes whatsoever, belonging to any of the Archbishops, Bishops, Deans, and Chapters, or any of the late Hierarchy, which have grown due at any time since the Year 1648, and are yet concealed, and not duly accounted for: Which was read the First time.

Ordered, That Serjeant MMr. Sir

Henage Finch, Serjeant Hales, Sir John Colonel

White, Serjeant Glyn, Mr. Skipwith, or any three of them, do withdraw, and pen a Proviso, upon the Debate of the House, touching Arrears of impropriate Rectories and Tythes in Tenants Hands; and report it Tomorrow Morning.

The Amendments, now reported, with lbme other Amendments now made at the Table, being put to the Question, were agreed unto.

Ordered, That this Bill, as it is amended, be ingrossed.

Sir Thomas Clergis brings Answer from the Lords, that the Lords do agree to the Order for charging Ten thousand Pounds of the Arrears of the Twenty thousand Pounds, conferred on the Lord General, upon the Act and Ordinance for an Assessment at Seventy thousand Pounds by the Month, for Three Months.

Refolded, That the House be resolved into a Grand Committee this Afternoon, at Three of the Clock, upon the Bill for taking away the Court of Wards , and that they meet this Afternoon, at Three of the Clock, accordingly; and that Mr. Speaker do forbear ta take the Chair.

Ordered, That the Bill for settling of judicial Proceedings, be read Tomorrow Morning the First Bu-finess.

The Question being put, that the Bill concerning Sales be now read;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Lord Howard, ( Tellers for the Yeas: C Alderman Vincent, 1 With the Yeas, t

Colonel King, t Tellers for the Noes: 5 Q Mr. Milborne, \ With the Noes, } 10

So it passed with the Negative.

Saturday, 23d June^ 1660.

THE humble Petition of Lancelot Provost-

Marshal of Middlesex and on Behalf

of himself, and Six Men, ordered by Parliament to attend the Speaker, and to assist the Petitioner in the Execution of his Office, was this Day read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee, to whom the Arrears of the Lord General's Twenty thousand Pounds is referred, to consider of the said Petition , and to report their Opinion, what is fit to be done for Payment of the Petitioner's Salaries therein mentioned.

Ordered, That it be referred to the same Committee, to consider of the Monies due to the Lord Willoughby of Parham, and to Mr. Henry Peck, upon Orders of Parliament; and to report their Opinion how the same may, with most Conveniency, be satisfied.

Ordered, That it be referred to the same Committee, to inform themselves what Monies remain in the Hands of any the Receivers of Papists Estates; and to report the fame, with their Opinion what will be fit to be done for the getting of the same in j that Consideration may be had of satisfying the Money due to Mr. Peck, and the Provost-Marshal of Middlesex, out Of the fame, as shall appear meet.

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the said Committee and that they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, Witnesses, and Records: And Sir Ralph , Sir Walter Earle, and Colonel are added to the

Committee.

Ordered, That Wm. Strowd Esquire, a Member of this House, have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

Mr. Pryn reports from the Committee for publick Debts, that, upon examining the Accompts of Richard Blackwall, John Sparrow, and Humphrey Blake, from the Year 1649, to 1652, as late Collectors of Prize Goods, there appears to be due, and owing to the State, by the said Persons, on the Foot of their said Account, the Sum of Forty-one thousand Four hundred Ninety-five Pounds Five Shillings Three-pence Farthing.

Resolved, That the said Sum of Forty-one thousand Four hundred Ninety-five Pounds Five Shillings Three-pence Farthing, is a Debt justly due and owing to the State, from the said Mr. Blackwall, Mr. Sparrow, and Mr. Blake.

Ordered, That the Bill for stating of publick Debts, and discovering Frauds and Concealments, be read the Second time on Monday next.

Ordered, That it be recommended to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, to put it into a speedy and effectual Way, that Richard Blackwall, John Sparrowe, and Humphry Blake, late Collectors for Prize Goods, be called to Account in the Exchequer, for all Prize Goods, by them received, from the Year 1649 to 1652; and to cause their Accompts, for that time, to be formally stated; and the Monies that shall be due on the Foot thereof, to

be

V

UCar.IL Journals of the House of Commons. 7}

be levied according to Law, to the Intent the Monies may be applied for Payment of such publick Debts, as the same shall be designed unto by Parliament.

Ordered, That all Persons, who shall attend the Committee of Discoveries, in order to the making of Disco^ veries of Monies, or other Estate, due to, and concealed from, the Publick, shall have the Protection of this House from all Arrests, and Molestations, in their Attendance of that Committee; and in their going to, and returning from, the said Committee for the Purpose aforesaid: And in case any Person, serviceable in that Kind, hath been, or shall be* threatened, molested, or other-

wife discouraged, in prosecuting of that Service* it is referred to the said Committee, to examine every same of that Nature, and to report the fame, from time to time, to the House.

Mr. Hollis reports, from the Committee for the Queen's Jointure, a Schedule of the Honours, Manors, and Lands, Parcel of the Queen's Majesty's Jointure, which have been purchased by several Persons, whose Estates are liable to Forfeiture.

The Names of which Honours, Manors, and Lands, and of the Persons who purchased the fame, as aforesaid, were read, and are as followeth j

Counties.

Bedfordshire, ——

Lincolne, ——

Huntingtonshire, —

Surrey, ——

Surrey, ——

Surrey, ——

Norffolk, ——

Kent, ——

Essex, ——

Suffolk, ——

Surrey, ——

Greenewich House,

Somerset House,

Whereupon thd Committee ordered as followeth; viz:

That it be reported to the House, as the Opinion of the Committee, that the Queen's Majesty ought to be forthwith restored to the Possession of the several Houses, Manors, and Lands aforesaid, mentioned to be Parcels of her Majesty's Jointure, and to have been purchased by Persons, whole Estates are liable to Forfeiture; that her Majesty be likewise restored to the Possession of Somersett House and Greenewich, which are Unfold.

That what Monies for Rent, or any other Payment, due out of the aforesaid Lands, now remain in the Hands

Honours, Manors,

Manor of Amptbill, Manor of Manor of Crowland', Part of the Manor of Spalding.

Five Manors of Somerjhatn, with the Parks and Chafe. Nonesuch House and Park, with the Materials.

Manor of Richmond, with the House and Materials there, Nonesuch great Park, and Materials there.

Manor of West Walton, Manor of Herrington.

Manor of Oldcourt.

Parcel of the Manor of Westham.

Honour and Manor of Eye.

Egham.

Unfold.

of the Tenant, or of any other Person, that hath received such Monies to the Purchaser's Use, and not paid it over to the Purchaser, shall pay it unto such Person, as shall be appointed to receive it for her Majesty's Use.

In which several Votes, the House did, upon the Question, agree with the said Committee j and, thereupon,

Refplved, That the Queen's Majesty be forthwith restored to the Possession of the several Houses, Manors, and Lands, after-mentioned, being Parcels of her Majesty's Jointure, and purchased by Persons, whose Estates are liable to Forfeiture j

Purchasers.

Colonel John Okey, ——

Valentine Walton, Adrian

Valent. Walton, - -----1

Major General L —

Sir Gregory Norton,--- —

Colonel Hbo. Pride, — --

Edw. Whalley, ——

Rob. Hitchborne, —; ——

Humphrey Edwards, ——

Edward Dendy, ——

Captain John Blackwell, — --

That is to say.

Manor of Amptbill, Manor of MiHbrooke, purchased by Colonel John Okey.

Manor of Crowland, Part of the Manor of Spalding, purchased by Valentine Walton, Adryan Scroope. Five Manors of Somersham, with the Parks and Chafe, purchased by Valent. Walton.

Nonesuch House and Park, with the Materials, purchased by Major General Lambert.

Manor of Richmond, with the House and Materials there, purchased by Sir Greg. Norton.

Nonesuch Great Park, and Materials there, purchased by Colonel Tho. Pride.

Manor of West Walton, Manor of Herrington, purchased by Edward Whalley.

Manor of Oldcourt, purchased by Robt. Aitcbborne.

Parcel of the Manor of Westbam, purchased by Humph.

Honour and Manor of Eye, purchased by Edw.

Egham, purchased by Captain John Blackwell.

Resolved, That the Queen's Majesty be likewise restored to the Possession of Somerset House, and Greenewich, which are unfold.

Resolved, That what Monies for Rent, or any other Payment, due out of the aforesaid Lands, do now remain in the Hands of the Tenant, or of any other Person, that hath received such Monies to the Purchaser's Use, being not paid over to the Purchaser, the Tenant, or such other Person, shall pay it unto such Person, as shall be appointed to receive it for her Majesty's Use:

That the Lords Concurrence be desired to these Votes: And Mr. Hollis is to carry them to the Lords.

On Report made by Mr. Pierrepont, from the Grand Committee, upon the Act for the Court of Wards;

Ordered, That the Grand Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Bill touching the Court of Wards, do fit on Monday next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon; and they have Power to-fend

Edwards.

for Persons, Papers, Books, Records, and Witnesses j and the Members of this House are then to attend.

Ordered, That the Amendments to the Bill for confirming of Judicial Proceedings be reported, and taken into Consideration, the first Business on Monday Morning next.

Sir Hetiage Finch reports from the Committee for Bills, a Bill for Satisfaction of Purchasers of the Lands of the late King, and other publick Lands; which was read the First time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Second time, on Wednesday next.

Ordered, Thfit the Committee, to whom the Bill touching Ministers Livings is referred, do meet this Afternoon, and so de die in diem> and that they report the same with all Speed.

T Ordered,

Journals of the House of Commons. A. 1660.

Ordered, That this House be resolved into a Grand Committee, on Monday Morning next, for Consideration of the Bill for Poll Money.

The House adjourned itself till Monday Morning Eight of Clock.

Monday25th , 1660.

Prayers.

A Bill for enabling AugustinSkynner Esquire, and Wm. Skynner Gent, to fell Lands for Payment of Debts, was this Day read the Second time , and, upon the Question, committed to Sir Anthony Sir Gilbt. Gerrard, Sir John Evelyn of Surrey, Mr. Marsham, Sir Robt. Brookes, Colonel West, Mr. Rich, Mr. Gott, Sir Christopher Clapham, Mr. Perrepont, Sir Norton

bull. Sir Edward Leering, Sir Walter Earle, Sir John Evelyn of Wilts, Sir Wm. Wheeler, Colonel King, Mr. Knightly, Sir John Northcot, Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. Marshall, Mr. Turner, Colonel Hatcher, Sir Hyde, Lord Aungier, Serjeant Teyrill Mr. Geo. Browne, and all the Knights and Burgesses, and Barons, serving in Parliament for the County and Boroughs of Kent, and the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet on Wednesday next at Three in the Afternoon, in the Court of Wards; and they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, Records, and Witnesses; and all Parties concerned therein, to be heard.

The House being informed of a printed Paper, intituled, Mercurius Veridicus, printed by D. Maxwell, living in Thames-street, near Castle, wherein

this Clause is printed; viz. " It was moved by Major Beake, that Sir Richard Temple might be one of the Twenty excepted Persons and he gave several Reasons for it; among others, that Sir Richard had been a me-, nial Servant to Cromwell, and a great Promoter of his Interest; but the House at Length waved the further Debate of it -

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to examine this particular Cafe; and, in order thereunto, they are to fend for Maxwell the Printer, and they are to consider of the great Liberty taken by divers Persons, in printing, without Warrant, several Votes and Proceedings of this House j and to prepare an Order for restraining of all Persons whatsoever, from printing any of the Votes or Proceedings of this House,. without special Order of the House: And they are to fend for Mr. William Saunderson, and to examine him, by what Warrant he printed, in his History, a Speech in the Name of Sir Grimflon

Baronet, Speaker of this House, and several other Speeches, as the Speeches of Members of Parliament,' and other Passages reflecting on Members of Parliament: And they are to take into Consideration, any other Books or Pamphlets, reflecting on any Member of this House,. or other Persons , and to report to the House what is fit to be done in the several Cafes:

And that Sir Anthony Irby, Colonel King., Mr.

Mr. Throgmorton, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Sfypwith, Mr. Foxe,

Sir Walter Earle, Sir Gilbt. Gerrard, Sir Wm. Lewis, Mr. Annejley, Mr! Pryn, Sir Gilbt. Gerrard, Mr. ,.

Mr. Ravenscroft, Mr. Goodrich, Sir Treavor Williams,

Sir Hyde, Mr. Hopkins, Sir - , Sir John

T emple, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Wm. Morgan, Sir Brooke, Mr.. M'dborne, Serjeant Tyrrill, Sir John . Northcot, be the said Committee: And they are to meet Tomorrow.-at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in Mr. Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for-Persons, Papers, Books, and Witnesses, as they shall see Cause:

Tli ' 1 ‘ \

Resolved, That no Person whatsoever do, pyefume (at, his Peril) to permit any. Votes or Proceedings of this. House, without the special Leave and Order of the House.

c Tellers for the Yeas: J I with the Yeas, J 1

The humble Petition of several Heads, Governors, and other Members of the University of Oxford, was read.

The Question being propounded, that it be referred to a Committee, to examine the Fast upon the said Petition, and to make Report therein to the House, if they shall see Cause;

The House was divided:

And the Noes went forth.

Sir Christoph. Clapham, t Tellers for the Noes: 1 Mr. Palmer, I With the Noes, J I^2

Sir Anthony Irby,

Colonel King,

And lb it was Resolved, That it be referred to a Committee to examine the Fact upon the fad Petition, and to make Report therein to the House, if they shall see Cause:

And that Dr. Qeyton, Mr. Bampfeild, Sir Anth. Ashley Cooper, Sir Gilbt. Gerrard, Sir Anth. Irby, Mr. Annejley, Sir John Northcot, Sir Christopher Clapham, Sir Solomon Swaile, Mr! Bofcawen, Sir Henage Finch, Mr. Perrepont, Mr. Herle, Sir Geo. Reeve, Mr. Turner, Colonel Hatcher, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Hopkins, Sir Wm. Waller, Mr. Heale, Mr. Marvell, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Shapcot, Mr. Knightley, Mr. Serjeant Hales, Mr. Grove, Mr. Goodrich, Sir Wm. Lewis, Mr. Ellison, Mr. Crowcb, Mr. Swinftn, Colonel King, Mr. Thomas, Mr. Crew, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Gott, Mr. Oxenden, Mr. Palmer, Sir Walter Earle, Mr. Charlton, Lord Fairfax, Mr. Tong, Mr. Boderda, Mr. Milborne, be the said Committee , and they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in Mr. Speaker's Chamber; and they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Witnesses, and what else may conduce to this Business.

Sir Henage Finch reports Amendments to the Bill, for confirming of Judicial Proceedings \which he read in his Place, and were after read by the Clerk, the First and Second time.

The Question being put, that these "Words contained in the Amendments, viz. " nor any Acts Judicial and Ministerial, for, or tending to, the Adminilbation of Justice," do Hand in the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

The said Amendments so brought in, with the Omission of the Words aforesaid, and with some Amendments and Additions made at the Table, were, on the Question, agreed unto.

Ordered, That this Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for making void Grants of Honours, Offices, &c. from the of May, 1642, is referred, be revived; and that they meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock, and make Report with what Speed they can: And Sir Ralph Knight is added to the Committee.

Tuesday, 26th , 1660.

Prayers.

T\Efolved, That the Clerk of the Crown be called into -V the House, to amend the Returns for the Borough of Northampton, and other Returns.

The Clerk of the Crown came up to the Clerk's Table, and there amended the said Return for the Borough of Northampton, and put out the Name of Francis Harvey in the Indenture, and inserted the Name of Sir John Norwich instead thereof:

And did also withdraw the Indenture for the Borough of Truro in the County of whereby Mr.

Roberts was returned for the said Borough.

He also inserted the Name of Wm. Thompson, instead of John Leagard, in the Indenture returned for the Bo*

rough of Scarborough,

Ordered,

12 Car. II. Journals of the House of Commons.

Ordered, That- the Reports, from the Committee for Privileges and Elections, be made Tomorrow Morning* the first Business.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee for Privileges, to examine the Abuse in the Miscarriage of the Writ for the Borough of , in the County of

Wilts , and report the Matter of Fact, with their Opinion therein, to this House.

Sir Thomas Clergis reports from the Committee to whom the Arrears of the Sum' of Twenty thousand Pounds, conferred on the Lord General , is referred; that, in pursuance of the Order of the House, whereby the Committee is appointed to consider, how the Residue of the said Twenty thousand Pounds, over and above what is paid out of the Receipt of the Exchequer, and charged on the Ordinance for Three Months Assessf-ment, may be raised and satisfied in the surest and speediest Way i It is the humble Opinion of the Committee;

That the Sum of Five thousand Eight hundred Fifty-nine Pounds Fifteen Shillings Sixpence, which appears to this Committee to remain unpaid to the Lord General Monck of the said Twenty thousand Pounds, be paid to him, or whom he shall appoint, out of the general Receipt of the Excise; and that the Commissioners of the Excise, for the Time being, be authorized and required to pay to the Lord General , or his Assigns, the Sum of Three hundred Fifty-nine Pounds Fifteen Shillings Sixpence, upon the Thirtieth Day of June next, and Five hundred Pounds every Week after, until the said Sum of Five thousand Eight hundred Fifty-nine Pounds Fifteen Shillings Sixpence be fully satisfied and paid: And that the Acquittance of Acquittances of the said Lord General, or his Assigns, be, unto the said Commissioners, a sufficient Discharge.

And whereas it is also referred to this Committee, that, upon their finding out of such Way for paying in the said Residue', they inform therriselves what Tallies have been.strupk in the Exchequer for any Part of the said Twenty 'shotiiahd Pounds, and the Money not actually paid, and to consider'how the' said Tallies may be discharged and vacated Upon due Consideration of that whole Matter, they find, that, for Twelve thousand and Seven hundred Pounds, Tallies have been given out of the Exchequer, but no-Monies paid to the Lord General thereupon, and for the vacating of the said Tallies: It is the humble Opinion of the Committee, that his Majesty be desired to grant a Warrant to the Commissioners for tho Treasury, under the Privy Seal, or Great Seal of England, for the cancelling of the Tallies, delivering up or discharging the Receipts, and entering Vacates upon the Records of the Tallies.

Resolved, That the Sum of Five thousand Eight hundred Fifty-nine Pounds Fifteen Shillings Sixpence, which appears to be the Residue remaining unpaid of the Twenty thousand Pounds, conferred on the Lord General Monck, over and above what is paid at the Receipt of Exchequer, and what is charged on the Ordinance for Three Months Assessment,' be paid to the Lord General. Monck, or whom he shall appoint, out of the general Receipt of the Excise: And that the Commissioners of the Excise, for the Time being, be, and hereby are, authorized and required to pay to the Lord General Monck, or his Assigns, the Sum of Three hundred Fifty-nine Pounds Fifteen Shillings Sixpence, Part thereof, upon the Thirtieth Day of June Instant, and Five hundred Pounds every Week after, until the said whole Sum of Five thousand Eight hundred Fifty-nine Pounds Fifteen Shillings Sixpence be fully satisfied and paid: And that the Acquittance or Acquittances of the said Lord General, or his Assigns, be, unto the said Commissioners, a sufficient Discharge:

That the Lords Concurrence be desired herein: And. Sir John Northcot is to carry it to the Lords.

Whereas Tallies have been' struck in the Exchequer for Twelve thousand and Seven hundred Pounds, toft

wards satisfying of the Twenty thousand Pounds conferred on the Lord General Monckbut no Part paid to the Lord General thereupon: And whereas Provision is made for satisfying the same lbme other Way

Resolved, That his Majesty be humbly desired, from this House, that he will please to grant his Warrant to the Lords Commissioners for the Treasury, under his Majesty's Privy Seal, or under the Great Seal of,

for the cancelling of the Tallies, delivering up or diT charging the Receipts, and entering Vacates upon the Records of the Tallies, for the Sum aforesaid; and that Mr. Annejley and Mr. Secretary , or one of them,

be desired to attend his Majesty herewith.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbt. Gerrard, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Pym, Mr. Ravenscroft, Sir Wm. Wheeler, be added to the Committee, to whom Mr. Peck's Business is referred.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee, to whom the Bill for taking away the Court of Wards..., be impowered to consider of the Petition of the Officers of the late Court of Wards, and what Satisfaction is fit to be given to them respectively, for Lots of their respective Offices; and how they may, with most Conveniency, be satisfied j and report their Opinion therein to this House.

Ordered, That the Bill for Religion be read Tomorrow Morning, next after the Reports from the Committee for Privileges.

The House, according to former Order, resolved itself into a Grand Committee upon the Bill for Poll-Money.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr: Turner took the Chair.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Turner reports from the Grand Committee, upon the Bill for Poll-Money, that the said Grand Committee desires the Leave of this House to fit again Tomorrow at Ten of Clock in the Morning.

Resolved, That this House be resolved into a Grand Committee, upon the Bill for the Poll-Money, this Afternoon, at Three of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee, touching the Bill for the taking away the Court erf" Wards, be, and are impowered to examine Mr. PowelPs Debt, charged by the late King's Majesty on the Court of Wards , and to state Matter of Fast, and report it to this House, With their Opinion therein.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill about the Excise is referred, have Leave ^to fit this Afternoon, notwithstanding that the Grand Committee of the whole House is appointed then to fit.

Wednesday, 27th June, 1660.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, that Colonel Thomas Wogani one of the Persons who fat in Judgment upon the late King, hath surrendered himself

Resolved, That Colonel Thomas Wogan be taken into Custody by the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Mr. Turner reports, from the Committee for Privileges and Elections, the same upon the double Return for the Borough of Cardiffe , that, upon Examination of the Fact, it appeared, that the Sheriff' fommoned the Bailiffs of Cardiffe, and- those of the Out-Boroughs, (who are also interested in the Election) tb attend the Election at the usual Place , and that the Bailiffs of Cardiffe came not up at the Time to the Place of Election, though Room was offered to be made for them, (for which they pretended the great Concourse of People); and that the

Sheriff

Sheriff and Bailiffs of Ibrne of the Out-Boroughs (the Bailiffs of Cardiffemaking Default, as aforesaid) proceed-

ed to the Election, and returned Manfell Esquire, under the Hands and Seals of the Sheriff and Two of the Bailiffs: And that the Committee are of Opinion the Return was good, and that Mr. Manfell is duly chosen, and ought to fit.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that Mr. Buffy Manfellwho is returned to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Cardiffe^ is duly elected; and that he do fit in this House*

He also reports-, from the said Committee* the Cale upon the Return for the City of -, that, upon

Examination of the Fad, it appeared to the Committee, that the Sheriff of the County of the said City had Carried himself partially, in the said Election, in Behalf of Mr. Watson, who is returned (together with Michael Biddulph Esquire) to serve in this present Parliament for that City, against Mr. 'Thomas Minors the Petitioner; by not only denying the Poll on the Part of Mr. but saying withal, that Mr. Watson had made such a Party, at the Cojnmittee for Privileges, that, though Mr. Minors had a Thousand Witnesses, he should not carry it: And that the Committee found Mr. Minors had a greater Number of Voices than Mr. Watson *, and were of Opinion, the said Mr. Minors is duly elected, together with the said Mr. Biddulph, to serve for the said City, and ought to lit in this House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that Mr. Minors is duly elected to serve in this present Parliament for the City of and that he

do fit in this House.

Resolved, That the Sheriff of the County of the City of Litchfeild, in relped of his undue Carriage at the

Election of Members to lerve in this present Parliament for the said City, be forthwith taken into Custody by the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

He also reports, from the said Committee, the same upon the double Return for the Borough of Helffon in the County of Cornewall , that, upon Examination of the Fad, it appeared not, that there was due Notice given of the Time appointed for the Election; and that therefore the Committee are of Opinion the said Election is void.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the Election of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Helfton in the County of Cornewall, is void, in regard due Notice was

not thereof given; and that a new Writ be issued for a new Election of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough j and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery to prepare a new Writ for the Purpose aforesaid; and that the Lord Chancellor of England do issue and pals the same under the Great Seal accordingly.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do give his Attendance on Friday next, for amending the Returns of Members to serve for the Boroughs of and

City of Litchfeild.

Sir John Northcot brings Answer, that the Lords do concur to the Order for Payment of the Arrears of Parc of the Twenty thousand Pounds to his Excellency the Lord General Monck, at the Receipt of Excise.

Mr. Turner reports, from the Grand Committee upon the Poll- Bill, that the said Grand Committee desire this House to appoint some Time when the said Committee may fit again upon that Bill.

Resolved, That this House be resolved into a Grand Committee, upon the said Bill, on Friday next in the Afternoon.

An A^d for the Maintenance of the true reformed Protestant Religion, and for the Suppression Suppression of Popery, Superstition, Profaneness, and other Disorders and Innovations in Worship and Ceremonies, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved', That this Bill be read the Second time on Saturday Morning next.

A Bill for a perpetual Anniversary Thanksgiving to Almighty God, every Twenty-ninth Day of was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read the Second time on Saturday next, after the Bill for Religion.

Ordered, That the Manor of Terrington be omitted out of the Order of this House of the Twenty-third of June Instant, for giving Possession to the Queen's Majesty of several Manors and Lands, Part of her Majesty's Jointure.

An Act, ingrossed in Parchment, of General Pardon, Oblivion, and Indemnity, was this Day read the Third time.

A Petition, on Behalf of Oliver St. John Esquire, was tendered to this House j and it was prayed the said Petition may be read.

And the Question being. put, that tins Petition be read;

It passed with the Negative.

The Question being put, that the Exception, touching the Rebels in Ireland', shall relate to 1646 j It passed with the Negative.

Resolved, That these Words, viz. " since the First Day of January, in the Year of our Lord 1637," be added in the One-and-twentieth Line, next after the Words " acted or done/*

Resolved, That in the Exception, touching the Lands of Oliver Cromwell, Henry IJohn Bradshaw and Tho. Pride, after the Word Lands#" there be inserted

the Word " late."

A Proviso, touching accompting for the Profits of impropriate Redories, settled on Trustees for Maintenance of Ministers, was tendered to this Bill, and read the First and Second time.

A Clause was tendered to be added to, and made Part of, this Proviso: And the Question being put, that this Clause be now read,

The House was divided:

The Yeas went forth.

Colonel Birch, c Tellers for the Yeas: 1 Colonel King, I With the Yeas, J

Sir Robert Brooke, t Tellers for the Noes:

Mr. Fitz-James, t With the Noes, J

So it was

Resolved, That this Clause be now read.

The said Clause was read accordingly, being as followeth; viz. " All which Payments and Accompts Ihaul be made to such Persons, and in such Manner, as in Parliament shall be directed." \

Ordered, That this Paper, together with the Proviso, be referred to the Committee, that brought in the Provilb, to insert it into a proper Place, to make it cohere with the Proviso , and bring the same in ingrossed;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee for Privileges and Elections, to examine the Miscarriage of the Writ for a new Election for the Borough of Steyning, in the County of Sussex-, and to report the Matter of Fad, and their Opinion therein, to this House.

Ordered, That this House do adjourn itself until Friday Morning Eight of Clock , with this nevertheless, that the Grand Committee, upon the Bill of the Court of Wards, may fit this Afternoon, and ad, not-' withstanding the Adjournment; and the Committee for Privileges Tomorrow in the Afternoon.

121

Friday,-

12 Ca&. II. Journals of the House of Comhibns. ^7

Friday, 29th June, 1660.

Prayers.

ORdered, That the Thanks of this House be given tb Doctor Reignolds, for his great Pains in preaching and carrying on the Work of publick Thanksgiving, before this House, at St. Margarefs Yesterday;

and he is desired to print his Sermon then preached; and is to enjoy like Privileges in Printing, as hath been allowed to others in like Cafes: And Mr. Pry ft is desired to acquaint him herewith; and to give him the Thanks of this House accordingly.

Ordered, That Sir John Ev of Wilts-, a Mehibef

of this House, have the Leave of this House to go iqto the Country.

Ordered, That Mr. Coverley, a Member of this House*

have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

1

The humble Petition of Lawrence

Blanc art, Philip Jegan, and others, Subjects of this Kingdom, formerly naturalized* was read.

Ordered, That Colonel King be desired to bring in a Bill, on Monday next, for the Naturalizing of the Petitioners, according to the present Debate.

Ordered* That

Mr. *. Turner reports, from the Committee for Privi-

leges and Elections, the same upon the double Return for the Borough of Launcefion in the County Of;

that, tipoh Examination of the Fast, it appeared to the Committee, that Sir John Cloberry, who, by the Name' of John Cloberry Esquire, is returned in One of the In-den rures, had a greater Number of Voices than Edward Elliott Esquire, who is one of those returned in the other Indenture; which was also admitted by the said Mr. Elliot % and that the Committee were therefore of Opinion, the said Sir John Cloberry is duly elected, and ought to fit.

Resolved, That this Hotife doth agree with the Committee, that Colonel John Cloberry is duly elected to serve' in this present Parliament for the said Borotigh of teflon and that he do fit in this House* and that his Name be inserted into the Indenture, in the Place of Mr. Elliott.

He also reports the Cafe, upon the Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Haverford West; and the Committee's Opinion thereupon.

The humble Petition of the Mayor and Common Council of the Town and County of Haverford West, in South Wales, was read.

The Question being propounded, that this House doth agree with the Committee in their Report concerning Haverford West;

And the Question being put, that this Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Election of William Phillips Elqtiire, to serve in this present Parliament for the Town o ford West, is void; and that a new Writ be iished for the new Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the said Town: And that Mr, Speaker do grant his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, to prepare a new Writ for that Purpose; which the Lord Chancellor of England is to pass and ifitie under the Great Seal of England accordingly.

The Clerk of the Crown came up to the Clerk's Table, and amended several Returns at the Table;

For the City and County of Leichfeild he inserted the Name of Thomas My nors Esquire,' in the Stead of Daniel tVatfon; John Cloberry was inserted instead of Edward

Elliott Esquire, for Launcefion in the County of Cornwall; and the Indenture, whereby Mr. Cloberry was returned, was taken off the File.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee, to whom the Bill for taking away the Court of Wards is referred, do fit next Monday in the Afternoon; and fa each,

Wednesday, and Friday, in the Afternoon, till that Business be perfected by them.

Ordered, That the Committees, to whoin the Business of Customs and Excise is referred, have Leave to fit on those Days; the Sitting of the Grand Committee notwithstanding:

Mr. Armefiey reports an Order of the King and Coun-

cil-, dated the Two-and- twentieth of June Instant; which was read, and is as followeth:

He also reports the Petition of Colonel Edward Harley, Governor of Dunkirk* directed To the Right Honourable his Majesty's most Honourable Council: And an Establishment for an Hundred Horse, besides Officers, according to the Pay in both which

were read.

Ordered, That the Troop of Guards to his Royal Highness ,the Duke of Yorke, consisting of an hundred Hoiiemen, besides Officers* be added to the Establishment of the Army.

Ordered, That it be referred to a Committee* to take into Consideration the Establishment of the Garrison of Dunkirk; what Number of Men will be necessary to be continued there; and upon what Pay; and thereupon prepare an Establishment, and report it to this House; with their Opinion, how Provision may* with most Conveniency, be made for the settled Payment thereof r

Ordered, That the Lord General, Colonel Edward Harley, Sir Antb. Ashley Cooper, Mr. Rich, Mr. Peire-pointe, Mr. Pryn, Lord Fairfax, Mr. Swiftjfen, Major Harley<, Sir Roger Baynhtttn, Mn Powells Sir Trevor Williams, Sir John Temple, Sir Willm. Lewis, Mr. An-nefiey. Sir Tho. Clergis, Mr. Lowther, Colonel Birch, Sir Wm. Doyley, Sir Edward Deering, Sir Solomon , Colonel King, Sir Christopher Clapham, Mr. Secretary Morris, Mr. Spencer, hs the said Committee; and they are to meet in the Court of Wards at Two of the Clock this Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Officers and Soldiers of his Majesty's Garrison of Dunkirk, be injoined to take the Oath9 of Allegiance and Supremacy; and that the Governor of Dunkirke do take Order herein: And the Lord Chancellor of England is desired to issue a Commission, under the Great Seal of England, for authorizing him, and such other fit Persons as shall be presented to him, to administer the same accordingly.

Resolved, That Mr. John have free Liberty to

attend the Secretaries of State* at such Times as they shall appoint, and for lb long time as they shall own his Attendance for the Service of the State, without any Trouble or Molestation during such his Attendance, and in his going and returning to and from the Secretaries of State; any former Order of this House notwithstanding.

Ordered, That Sir George Booth, a Member of this House, have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

Resolved, That of the Residue of the Three

Months Assessment, over and above what is formerly assigned by this House, so much be let apart and paid forth to the Use of the Army, as may make up a Month's Pay for the Land Forces of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Sir Henage Finch, Mr. Turner, Mr. Bampfeild, Colonel Birch, Sir John , Sir Willm.

U Doyley

Doyley, Colonel King, Sir Willm. Lewis, Mr. Swynfyn, Major Harley, Mr. Amefey, Sir Edouard Sir

John Holland, Mr. Sprey, or any Three of them, do prepare an Order for settling a Committee for the Army, with their Powers; and also to present Names to this House; and to report the same Tomorrow Morning; and they are to meet at Two a Clock in the Afternoon, In the Speaker's Chamber.

'The House did this Day resume the Debate upon the Bill of General Pardon and Oblivion; and the Proviso, touching accounting for Rents and Profits of Impropriations settled on Trustees, fqr Augmentations of Mi-nifters, with the additional Clause, was again read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto, and ordered to be Part of the Bill.

Another Proviso was tendered to this Act j that this Act do not extend to pardon any Bond, taken in his late Majesty's Name, before the Month of May. 1642, for securing the proper Debt of any Servant or Receiver of the Revenue of his said late Majesty, that haEh not been paid to, or by Order of, some lawful or pretended Authority: Which was read the First and Second time; and, upon the'Question, agreed unto, and ordered to be Part of the Bill.

Another Proviso was tendered, to be Part of this Bill; touching the Farmers of the Customs, who having paid their Proportions to the Payment of an Hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds, according to an Order of the House of Commons: Which Proviso was read - the First and Second time; and Upon the Question, -agreed unto, and ordered to be Part of this Bill.

The Question being propounded, that ho further Provisoes to this Act of General Pardon shall be received' after the Riling of the House;

And . the Question being-put, that this Question be now put;

It passed in the Affirmative:

And the man Question being put; it was

Resolved,'.That all the Provisoes to be tendered as' Schedules to the Act of general Pardon, Indemnity, and Oblivion, be laid upon the Clerk's Table, and numbered before the Riffng of the House; and that after that Time, no further Provisoes be tendered or received.

Ordered, That Captain Sherwood, a Member of this House, have Leave to go down to his Regiment into the Country.

Ordered, That the Quorum of the Committee, to whom the Business of scandalous Books is referred, be any Five; and that the said Committee be, and is hereby, revived.

The Lord General Moncke acquainted the House, that' his Majesty had been pleased to confer that Honour on him, as to call him to the Lords HOufe; and therefore he humbly took his Leave of this House, deffring that they will give all convenient Dispatch to the BUI for Sales.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to his Excellency the Lord General Moncke, for the great Actions, and eminent Services, done by him - for the King's Majesty, the People, and Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker gave his Excellency the Lord General Monke the Thanks of this House accordingly, to the Effect following;

Saturday, 30th yune, 1660.

-PRAYEJLS.

/"JRdered, That the Troop of Guards to his Royal Highness the Duke of Torke, eonfifting of One hundred

Horsemen, besides Officers, being now in be

added to the Establishment of his Majesty's Garrisonof

Dunkirk.

Ordered, That the Sum of Four thousand Eight hundred Pounds be charged on the Moiety of the Excise of Beer and Ale, for the Use of the Garrison of Dunkirk; and be forthwith paid, by the Commissioners of EXcife, to Edward Backwell, Alderman of the City of London, upon Account, to be remitted by him to Dunkirk, as formerly hath been accustomed in like Cafe, for the present Subsistence of that Garrison: And this Order, together with Alderman Edward Backwell's Acquittance, testifying his Receipt thereof, shall be, to the said Commis-fipqers of Excise, a sufficient Warrant and Discharge.

A

Ordered, That the Quorum of the Committee for Dunkirk, be Five; and that Colonel Willoughby be added to that Committee.

Complaint was this Day made of a great Abuse to his Majesty, by the Prindng of a Paper in his Majesty's Name, indtuled, A Proclamation for Authorizing an Uniformity of the Book of Common-Prayer, to be used throughout the Realm, fopetferibed C. R. and fubfonbed. Given at our Court the Fifth of March; as also of a Book, intituled, A Form of Prayer, with Thanksgiving, to be used of all the King's Majesty's loving Subjects, the 28th of June .1660, fcfr. being withal mentioned to be set forth by Authority; and of a printed Paper, purporting to be a Protestation of the Bishops, against Proceedings of Parliament in their Absence,; and another printed Paper, purporting to be a Declaration of the King's Majesty in Scotland.

Ordered, That it, be referred to a Committee to examine how these Books, Proclamation, and Protestation, came to be printed , and published, by whom, and by What Authority; and with Power to fend for the Printers, and other Persons, Papers, Rooks, and Witnesses, and What else may conduce to the Business:

And that Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Mr. Rich, Mr. ‘Thomas, Mr.' Charleton, Sir Walter Earle, Mr. Sir

WtUm. Doyley, Mr. Serjeant Tyrrill, Sir Robert Brooke, Sir Henage Finch, Sir Solomon Swaile, Sir Anthony Irby, Mr. Swynfyn, Mr. ‘Turner, Sir Rich. Temple, Sir John Tfortbcott, Mr. Amejley, Mr. Marvell, Colonel Mr. Bamfeild, Sir Francis Gerrard, Mr. Butkeley, Sir Willm. Lewis, Mr. Goodrich, Mr. Henry Hyde, Sir Ralph Bancks, Mr. Trelawney, Mr. Hollis, Mr. Milbome, Mr. Pryn, Sir Henry Telverton, Sir John Dawney, Lord Anger, Sir Richard Onslow, Sir Ralph , Mr. Man-faring, Sir John Evelin of Surrey, Sir John Lord St. John, Sir Wilfred Lawson, Sir Thomas Wroth, Sir John Bowyer, Mr. Gott, Colonel Howard, Mr.

Mr. Broadrick, Mr. Shapcott, Lord Falkland, Mr. Ellison, Mr. Dowdejwell, Sir John Holland, Colonel

John Stephens, Lieutenant Colonel Bet hell. Sir Christopher Clapham, be the said Committee; And they are to meet at Two of the Clock in the Speaker's Chamber this Af-tCrndon; and that Mr. Swynfyn do take care of it.

Ordered, That the Lord Falkland do bring in a List of the Names of Commissioners, to raise the Assessment in the City of Oxeford.

Ordered, That the Bill for Religion be read the First Business, on Monday Morning next.

The House this Day resumed the Debate upon the Fill for general Pardon, Oblivion, and Indemnity.

A Proviso was tendered to this Bill, that this Act shall not extend to prejudice any Estate or Estates, or Securities, made by, or derived from, any of the excepted Persons, for Monies, or other valuable Considerations, (Ac.: Which was read, and laid by, for further Consideration.,

Another Proviso to the like Effect was read, and laid alide, for further Consideration.

Another Proviso, for having particular Pardons passed to particular Persons, under the great Seal: Which was read the First time;

And

12 Gar* II. Journals of the House of Comtnons, 79

And the Question being put, that this Proviso be read the Second time;

It passed with the Negative.

Another Proviso was tendered to this Act that nothing therein contained, shall debar any Person or Persons, fub-jested by this Act to any Pains, Penalties, or Forfeitures, to be hereafter inflicted, from the Benefit of this Act j nor subject them R> any future Pajns, Penalties, or Forfeitures, in case such Person or Persons shall be, by the Judgment of this, House, acquitted: Which was read the First time.;

Refolded, That this Proviso be rejected, and lad aside.

Another Proviso was tendered to this Act j that this Act, or any thing therein contained, shall not extend to bar any Person or Persons, in Law or Equity, from the Recovery of lb much of their just Debts and Rents, as ihath not; been really paid unto the Use of the Publick; and: notwithstanding any Release or Discharge extorted, or obtained from such Person or Persons, to whom the said just) Debts or Rents, were due or payable by any pretended' Authority whatsoever; but that such Release or Discharge shall be utterly void, to bar such Person or Fbrfons, as to so much of their just Debts or Rents, not really paid as aforesaid: Which was read the First time.

The Question being put, that this Proviso be laid

aside j \: "

The House was divided:

The Noes went forth.

Sir Ralph Hare, t Tellers for the Noes: i

Mr. Knightley, t With Noes, S 143

Sir Anthony Irby, c Tellers for the Yeas: i

Sir John Dawney, I With the Yeas, I 12

So it was ‘

Resolved, That this Proviso be laid aside.

Sir Ralph Ashton acquainted the House, that a Person, which fat in the last Parliament, took a Bond of an -Hundred Pounds, for the doing of some particular Service in the House.

Resolved, That Sir Ralph Ashbe required to name the Person, that had the Bond of ah Flundred Pounds; whereupon Sir Ralph Ashton named 'Thomas , of Leotrpoole.

A Proviso was tendered to this Bill, for excepting the Persons out of this Act for Life and Estate, who fat in the latfe tyrannical High Court of Justice, which condemned the late King, and came not in within Fourteen Days, according to the King's Majesty's Proclamation, dated the 6th Day of June 1660, &c. Which was read the First and Second time:

And the Question being propounded, that this Proviso be made Part of this Bill;

And the Question being put, that this Question be put,

It passed with the Affirmative.

And the main Question being now put, it was

Resolved, That this Proviso be made Part of this

Bill.

The House adjourned itself to Monday next, at Eight of the Clock in the Morning.

,t/Lmday, July 2 % 1660.

fXRdered, That this House be resolved into a Grand Committee, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon* for carrying on the Debate of the Poll- Bill; and that Repon thereof be made to the House Tomorrow Morning.

The Question being propounded; that the Business of Money, for Supply of the publick Exigencies of the Kingdom, be taken into Consideration in the Forenoon

erf- every Tuesday, Thursday, and , Weekly, till

further Order;

And the Question being put, that this Question be now put;

It passed in the Affirmative.

And the main Question being put, it was

Resolved, That the Business of Money, for Supply of the publick Exigencies of the Kingdom, be taken into Consideration in the Forenoon of every,

and Saturday, weekly, till further Order.

Resolved, That the Bill for Religion be read the Second time on Friday next.

The House resumed the Debate upon the Bill for General Pardon, Oblivion, and Indemnity.

A Proviso for disabling several Persons from bearing any Office of Profit or Trust within this Kingdom, was read the First time; and, upon the Question, laid aside.

Another Proviso was tendered to this Bill that it extend not to the pardoning of any Misdemeanour, in procuring the Acknowledgment of any Fine, Recovery, or Deed, to lead the Use thereof, so that Suit be prosecuted within one Year: Which was read, and laid aside.

Another Proviso was tendered to this Act j that this Act extend not to pardon Money due for Extife of Beer and Ale, since the 24th of June 1659: Which was read the First and Second time j and, upon the Question, with some Amendments, agreed unto, and ordered to be Part of the Bill.

Another Proviso was tendered to this Act; that this Act extend not to pardon any Sum of Money due from any Officer or Soldiers, for free Quarters, since the 2d of July 1659 j or to discharge any Money borrowed by any Officers, for preventing of free Quarter: Which was read the First and Second time; and, upon the Question, agreed unto, and ordered to be Part of the Bill.

A Proviso, that this Act extend not to avoid Conveyances, made for valuable Consideration in Money, by the Persons excepted, was read, and postponed to be considered of at last.

A Proviso was tendered j that this Act shall not indem* nify any Person, who hath entered into any Lands, called Fabrick Lands, or possessed themselves of any Rent pr Revenues giving for the Repair of any Cathedral, or other Church; or who have imbezeled the Plate, Uten-fils, and Materials of such Churches, to their own private Use, for and in respect of the said Crime only: Which was read the First and Second time; and, upon the Question, agreed unto, and ordered to be Part of the Bill.

A Proviso was tendered to this Bill; that this Act, or any thing therein contained, shall not extend to acquit or discharge any Person or Persons, for and in respect of any Plate and Goods belonging to his Majesty, which came into his or their Hands and Possession, and hath by him or them been disposed of or fold, and converted to his or their own Use, since the 2d of September 1651: Which was read, and laid aside.

Tuesday, 3d July^ 1660.

Prayers.

fJRdered, That Mr. Hollis, Sir Anthony Irby, Sir Gilbt.

Gerrard, Sir Walter Earle, Sir Ricbd. Onslow, Sir Richd. Browne fen. Sir Ricbd. jurt. Mr. Pym,

Mr. Orme, Sir John Carey, Mr. Anthony,

Lord Richardson, be added to the Committee, to whom the several Businesses of Mr. Peck, and the Provost Marshal of Westminster, are referred.

Ordered, That the Sheriff of the City and County of the City Litchfeild, being now in Custody with the Serjeant at Arms, be forthwith released, and let at Liberty.

i _ # ‘ 1

Ordered,

Ordered, That a new Writ be ifilied* for a new Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Maidstone in the County of Kent, in the Place of Mr. Serjeant Twifden, who is called by his Majesty to be one of the Justices in the Court of King's-Bench; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, to prepare a Writ for that Purpose; which the Lord Chancellor is to issue and pass under the Great Seal of England accordingly.

Then the Bill, for preferring the Rights and Privileges of Parliament, and the fundamental Laws of the Land, being, according to former Order, ingrossed, was, this Day, read the Third time , and, upon the Question, passed.

Ordered, That the Title, to be indorsed upon the Bill, be as followeth; viz. An Act for the Confirmation and future Preservation of the Privileges of Parliament, and of the fundamental Laws made for Gonfervation of the Lives, Liberties, and Properties, of the Subject.

Ordered, That the said Bill be carried to the Lords: And that Mr. Pryn do carry it to the Lords forthwith.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Business of the Printing of scandalous and unwarranted Books and Papers is referred, do examine how the Votes and Proceedings of this House come to be printed without Leave, since the Order of this House, for restraining the fame, was passed and published; and to fend for the Persons, that have presumed to print any of the said Votes and Proceedings , and to examine, by what Warrant they did the same , and to report the Cafes to the House.

Ordered, That it be referred to the same Committee, to examine how a Book (pretended to be printed at Edingburgh, and intituled, A Declaration ...;.) came to be printed, it reflecting on the Honour of the King's Majesty; and to fend for Persons, Papers, and Witnesses, for the finding out of the Truth, as they shall see Cause; and report it to the House: And Sir John fiolland is added to that Committee.

Mr. Turner reports, from the Grand Committee, Amendments to the Bill for Poll-Money , which were read by him in his Place, and after brought to the Table, and there read the First and Second time, by the Clerk.

The Question being propounded, that this Clause, viz. " Nevertheless be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that if any Person or Persons shall not have an Estate, either real or personal, answerable and proportionable to his Degree, Rank, or Quality, that then the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall and may make such an Abatement of the Sum, charged and taxed upon such Person, for or by reason of such his Degree, Rank, or Quality, as to them shall appear to be just and reasonable; so as he or she pay no less than Forty Shillings for every Hundred Pounds per Annum, which he or she is able to expend," be expunged;

The House was divided:

And the Yeas went forth.

Mr. Hollis, c Tellers for the Yeas: j 129

Sir Christopher Clapham, I With the Yeas, J

Mr. Annejley, ( Tellers for the Noes:,) 104

Sir Hen. Yelverto \ With the Noes, J

And so it was

Resolved, That the said Clause be expunged.

A Clause was tendered to this Bill; that after the Words, " every Attorney of the Courts of Law at Westminster," these Words, be added, viz. " or in the Courts of Law or Equity, within any the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lane after, or Durham, or Marches of Wales, Three Pounds i" which was read the First and Second time, and, on the Question, agreed to be Part of the BUI.

Another Clause was tendered to this Bill; viz. " Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that no Person shall act as a Commissioner, by virtue of this present Act, unless he can expend One hundred Pounds per Am. in Lands, Fees, or Offices, at the least, or be worth Two thousand Pounds in Goods " which was read the First and Second time.

Refilled, That the Knights, Citizens, arid Burgesses, and Barons of the Five Ports serving in this Parliament, do bring into this House the Names of Commissioners for the Poll- Bill) on Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That those Members of this House, who shall present the Lists of Commissioners Names for the Pol-l Bill, do subscribe their respective Lifts by them brought inj and that no other Names be afterwards added.

Mr. Pryn acquaints the Hotifej that he had, according to the Order of this House, delivered to die Lords the Bill for Preservation of the Rights of Parliament, f£c.

Mr. Hollis acquaints the House, that he had delivered to the Lords the Votes of this House, of the Three-and-twentieth of June last, concerning the Queen's Jointure Lands, Somersett House, and Rents in the Handis ofr the

Tenants, or other Persons j and that the Lords concur therein.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Hubart and , 1 Matters of Chancery;

The House of Lords desire, that Order may be given to the Clerk of this House, to deliver all the Books and Evidences in his Keeping, which -belong to the House of Peers, into the Hands of the Clerk of the House of Peers.

Ordered, That Answer be given, that this House will return an Answer by Messengers of their own.

The Messengers bring called in again, Mr. Speaker gaVe them this Answer;

The House have considered of your Message; and will return an Answer presently, by Messengers of their own.

Ordered, That Mr. Hollis do, in Answer of this MeP sage, acquaint the Lords from this House, that they have received an Account from their Clerk, that he dom not know of any Papers, Books, or Evidences, remain* ing in his Custody, which belong to the House of Peers j but if their Lordships shall instance, in particular, what those Books, Writings, or Evidences are, which their Message relates to, they will consider thereof, and return a further Answer.

Ordered, That this House do read, and take into Consideration, the First Business Tomorrow Morning, the Order of the Lords now offered.

Wednesday, July 4th, 1660.

Prayers.

THE Order of the House of Lords, dated die Ver neris, 22° die Jtinii 1660, for securing the Tithe* and Profits of several Rectories, and Ecclesiastical Livings, in the Hands of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor;

Another Order of the House of Lords, of the Three-and-twentieth of June 1660, whereby they have ordered and impowered the Clerk of the Parliament, to insert the particular Names into the general Order made Yesterday, concerning sequestered Ministers, of such as shall bring in Petitions directed to the Lords House, and deliver them to him )

And another Order of the House of Lords, of the 2 2d June 1660, that noWafte be made, nor Timber, Logs, Roots of Trees, or any Wood whatsoever, taken or carried away from the Lands and Hereditaments of the Lord Chandos, belonging to Sudley, in the county of '

Gloucester; were all read.

Ordered,

12 Car. IL Journals House of CdmmonS. 81

Ordered, That the said Orders be: referred to £Committee, to examine the Business, to state Matter of Fa&y and consider of such Heads, for a Conference to be had thereupon with the Lords, as they shall, think fit, and present them to this House; Mr. An Jleyyj Sir Anthony Irbyj Sir Tho. Metres, Mr. Pryn, Mr.

Mr. Hayes, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Pierrepont, Sir Solomon

Swale, Mr. Bampfeild, Mr. Lord Herbert*

Sir Walter Parle, Mr. Rich, Mr. Hele, Sir Tho. drington, Mr. Serjeant Hales, Mr. Turner, Mr. Bulkley, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Grove, Sir Henage Finch, Mr. Bof-cawen. Sir Trevor Williams, Dr. Sir Gilbt.

ror d, Mr. Thurland, Mr. Shapcot, Mr. Crew,; Mr. Dod-defwell, Mr. Huxley, Sir Wm. Doyley, Lord Richard/on,. Mr. Thomas, Sir Edw. Leering, Mr. Browne, Sir Clergis, Colonel King, Sir John Mr. Knight ley,

Mr. Tong, Mr. Rainsford, Sir John Lowther, Sir Geo. Booth, Sir John Holland, Sir Wm. Lewis,. Sir Henry Crofts, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Marsham \. with Power to fend for Persons, Papers, Witnesses, and what else may conduce to the Business; and are to meet at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber, this Afternoon.

The House resumed the Debate upon the Bill of general Pardon, Oblivion, and Indemnity.

A Proviso, for refunding of several Gifts and Salaries, was read the First time.

Resolved, That this Proviso be read the Second time.

The said Proviso was read the Second time accordingly.

The Question being put, that this Proviso be laid aside;

The House was divided:

The Noes went forth.

Colonel King, c Tellers for the Noes:)

Mr. Palmer, I With the Noes, 1

Six Anthony Irby, (Tellers for the Yeas:? a

Sir Trevor Williams,! With the Yeas, J 1

So it was

Resolved, That this Proviso be laid aside.

Another Proviso was tendered to this Bill, to enable Persons to bring Actions for Recovery of Damages against Persons that imprisoned and feduded Members of Parliament, "December 1648; which was read the First time.

Resolved, That this Proviso be rejected.

Resolved, That this House do now rife.

Thursday, July 5th, 1660.

Prayers.

THE humble Petition of Walter Curtis, Deputy to the Serjeant at Arms attending this Honourable House, was read.

Resolved, That Thomas Blunt, at whose Suit the Petir tioner was arrested, and John Stephen Webb,

John Ayfh, and John Preston, who arrested Walter Curtis the Petitioner, be sent for in Custody by the Serjeant at Arms attending, this House.

Ordered, That Sir George Downing be added to the Committee for the Queen's Jointure.

Ordered, That Mr. Hunt, a Member of this House, have Leave to go into the Country. , . t

According to former Order, the Members of this House delivered in Names of Commissioners for the Poll Money.

A List of Commissioners Names for the County of Rutland was read and, upon the Question,'agreed unto.

A List of Commissioners Names for die County of Monmutb.was read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto. 7 ' -

' A Liftrof Commissioners Names for the County of Wdts was read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto;

A Lift of Names of Commissioners for the Towp of Kingston upon Hull, was read; and, upon die Qyeftfon, agreed, unto.

A List of Commissioners Names for the County of Merioneth was read; and, upon the Question, agreed untp.

A Oft of Commissioners Names for the City of West~ tninster was read , and, upon the Question; agreed Unto.

A Oft of Commissioners Names for the County of Carmarthen was read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

A Oft of Commissioners Names for the Town of Newcastle upon Tine was read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

A List of Commissioners Names for the Town and County of Poole was read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

A List of Commissioners Names for the County of Bucks was read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

A List of Commissioners Names for the City of Lon~ don was read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

A List of Commissioners Names for the City of -terbury was read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

A List of Commissioners Names for the County of Durham was read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

A List of Commissioners Names for the County of Suffolk was read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

A List of Commissioners Names for the County and City of Norwich was read; . and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

A List of Commissioners Names for the County of Norfolk was read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto,

A List of Commissioners Names for the West and North Riding of the County of Yorke was read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

A List of Commissioners Names for the City of Torke, and County of the City of Torke, was read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

A List of Commissioners Names for the County of Lancaster was read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

A List of Commissioners Names for the County of Glamorgan was read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

A List of Commissioners Names for the County of Denbigh was read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

A List of Commissioners Names for the City and County of the City of Briftoll was read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

A lift of Commissioners Names for the ity of ter was read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

A List of Commissioners Names for the University of Oxford was read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

A List of Commissioners Names for the County of Devon was read ;.and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

A List of Commissioners Names for the County of Brecon was read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

A lift of Commissioners Names for the City of Exon was read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto;

A List of Commissioners Names for the County of Salop was read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.:

A List of Commissioners Names for the County of Surrey, and Borough of Southwarke, was read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

A List of Commissioners Names. for the County of Southampton, with the Town and County of Southampton, was read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

A List of Commissioners Names for the County of Middlesex Was read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

A lift of Commissioners Names for the County of Northampton was read; and, upon the Question,' agreed unto.

Si Journals of the H(

A List of Commissioners Names for the County of Somerset was read; and, upon the Question* agreed unto,

A List of Commissioners Names for the County of Montgomery was read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto;

A List of Commissioners Names for the County and City of Hereford was read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

A List of Commissioners Names for the County of Comewall was read; and, upon the Question, agreed Unto,

A List of Commissioners Names for the County of Dtrfet Was read ;and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

A List of Commissioners Names for the County of Warwick, and City of Coventry was read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

A List of Commissioners Names for die City and County of the City of Gloucester was read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

A List of Commissioners Names for the County of Pembrooke was read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

- A Lift , of Commissioners Names for the City and County of Uncolne was read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

A List of Commissioners Names for the County of Worcester was this Day read; and, upon the Question* agreed unto.

A List of Commissioners Names for the County of Kffex was read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

A List of Commissioners Names for the County of Gloucester was read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

A List of Commissioners Names for the County of Huntington was read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

A List of Commissioners Names for the County of Chester was. redd; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

A-List of Commissioners Names for and the Town of Stafford, was read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

A List of Commissioners Names for the City find County of the City of Utcbfeild was read; and Upon the Question, agreed unto.

A List of Commissioners -Names for the County of Hertford, and Town of St. Alban's, was read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

A List of Commissioners Names for the County of Northumberland was read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

A List of Commissioners Names for the County of Westmorland was read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

A List of Commissioners Names for the County of Radnor was read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

A lift of Commissioners Names for the City of So-rum was read; and, upon the Qudtioft, agreed Unto.

A Lift of the Commissioners Names for the Town and County Haverdford West was read; and, upon the Question, agreed urito.

A List of Commissioners Names for the County of Cambridge was read; and Upon the Question, agreed unto. . ‘

Friday, July 6, 1666.

Praters.

\ Bill for the Maintenance of the true Reformed /\ Protestant Religion-, and for the iSUppression of Popery, Superititien, Prbfaneness, and other Bifordert and Innovations in Worship and Ceremonies, was this Day read the Second time; and, upon the Question, Ordered to be committed.

Resolved, That a Grand Committee of the whole House be appointed for Religion.

iufe of Commons^ A. 1660.

- Rejbhed, That this Bill be referred to the said Grand Committee.

Resolved, That this House be resolved into a Grand Committee, for Matters of Religion, every Monday in every Week.

Resolved, That this Grand Committee be impowered to fend for Persons, Papers, Witnesses1, and Records, and what etfe may conduce to the Bofiness.

The House resumed die Consideration of Commissioners Names for the Poll-Pill;

A List of Commissioners Names for the County of Leicester, and for the Borough of , was read 5

and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

A List of Commissioners Names for the County of Kent, and the Cinque Ports, was read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

A List of Commissioners Names for the Town of Berwick upon Tweed was read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

A lift of Commissioners Names for the County of Derby was read; and, upon the Question, agreed onto.

A List of Commissioners Names for the County of Oxford, and City Of Oxford, was read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

A List of Commissioners Names for the County of Bedford was read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

A List of Commissioners Names for the County of Sussex was read j and, upon the Question, agreed unco. . A List of Commissioners Names for the County of Lyncolne was read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

Resolved, That all Peers of the Realm be omitted out of the Lists of Commissioners Names for the Poll- Bill.

A List of Commissioners Names for the County of Nottingham, and Town of Nottingham, was read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

Ordered, That the Commissioners above-named for the Poll- Bill for the City of Oxford, be Commissioners in the Ordinance for Three Months Assessment, at Seventy thousand Pounds per Menfem, for the said City; and that they be, and are hereby, impowered and authorized to fit and aft as Commissioners, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been named Commissioners for the said City in the said Ordinance.

Ordered, That the Names of Commissioners for the Three Months Assesshient for the County of,

be Commissioners for the said County in the Poll- Bill.

Ordered, That the Nahies of the Commissioners for the Three Months Assessments for the County of Flint, be Commissioners for the said County in the Toll- Bill.

A List of Commissioners Names for the Ble of Angle-fey was read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

A List of Commissioners Names for the County of Carnarvon was read; and, upon the Question, agreed Uhto.

A Lift of Comhiiflroners Names for the Raft Riding in the County of Yorke was read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

A Lift of Commissionfers Names for the Town of Beverley in the County of Yorke was read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

A List of Commissioners Names For the Town of Heydon in the County of Yorke was read;. and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

A Lift of commissioners Names for i!he County of Cumberland was read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

Resolved, That tins Pill, With the Amendments, be ingrossed.

/ Sir John Clobery, being elected for the Borough of Latmcefton in the County of Comewall, and also for the Borough of Heyden in the . County of elects to

serve for the Borough of Launtefttn, and waves his Election for the Borough of Heydon.

Ordered, That a new Writ be issued for the Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the

Borough

12 Gar. II. Journals of the House of Commons; 8j

Bbfough of Hey don in thfe County of Yorkefiti th'eJtoora. of Sir John Clobery, elected to serve for in the County of Cornwall j and that Mr. Speaker dti grant his "Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, to issue forth a new Writ for the Purpose aforesaid; and that the Lord Chancellor of England do iflbe and pals' the same under the Great Seal accordingly.

The House resumed the Debate upon, the Bill of General Pardon and Oblivion.

A Proviso was tendered, that this Act do not extend to confirm any Orders of Indemnity, not relating to the War j which was read the First time, and, upon the Question, rejected'.

Another Proviso was tendered, for making void Judgments obtained against Officers and Soldiers of the late King's Army, where no Execution is taken but; which Was read, and, upon the Question, rejected.

Another Proviso was tendered, touching a List, to be prefen ted, of the Names of such Treasurers as, should only be called to Account; which was read, and, upon the Question, rejected.

Another Proviso was tendered to this Bill, that it be Cnadted, that every Person who fat in Judgment as a Commissioner, or prosecuted, or pleaded, as Attorney General, or Sollicitor, to the late pretended Commonwealth, or Protector, in any High Court of Justice, since the 6th Day of December .1648, his Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, shall be liable to answer full Damages, &c.: Which was read the First time:

And the Question being put,- that this Proviso be laid afidej

The House was divided.

Sir Francis Gerrard, 5 Tellers for the Yeas: I ' r

Sir Henry Wright, \ With the Yeas, 5 103

Sir John ‘Talbot, C Tellers for the Noes :,) '

Mr . Rich, I With the Noes, J 138

So it was

Resolved, That this Proviso be laid aside.

Saturday, July 7 % 1660.

Prayers.

Y\Rdered, That Sir Francis , a Member of this House, have Leave to gb into the Country.

Ordered, That Mr. Pryn, Sir Sir Wm.

Wheeler, Colonel King, Sir Tho. Widdrington, Serjeant

Maynard, Sir John Northcot, Mr. Bampfeild, Mr. Rieh, Mr. Peirrepont, or any Three of them, be a Committee,

forthwith to withdraw, and consider of the Bill for Poll Money, and what's fit to be altered therein, upon the naming Commissioners in the Bill, and for filling up the Blanks; and to make Report to the House;

Complaint was this Day made, that Patrick Beyle, Servant to Sir John Stapeley, a Member of this House, was arrested , and Privilege was prayed on his Behalf.

A Paper, signed by Sir John was read, certi-

fying, that the said Patrick Boyle was committed to thf King's Bench, in February X^y, charged at several Mens

Suits, for about Eight thousand Pounds; and also with Four Executions for. One thousand Pounds at the least j fend that, about a Year Ttnce, he escaped out of Prison, and cotftd not be re^taken until the 14th of

June .1660.

Ordered, That it be inferred to the Comjnitcee of Privileges to, examine the Bufin&s, and report the Fact 16 this House. ' ' -

.. . J

Ordered, That Mr, Jfllejtrte, a Member Of this House, have Leave to go into the Country. ' - f

Ordered, That Sir Anthony Irby have keave to appear in the Court of Charicery, upon a Subpoena, which, as he this Day informed the House, is served upon him,

Ordered, That the Bill for Impropriations be read on Wednesday next.

Ordered, That on Tuesday next, the Bill foif Confirm mation of Sales be read the Second time.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee, to, whom the Business of impropriate Rectories is referred, to bring in on Monday Morning, next, an Order for getting in the Rents due, and in Arrear, for the Redlories lately under the Management of the Trustees; and for gathering and securing this Summer's Tythes, aS a provisional Expedient, till the Bill be perfected.

Ordered, That Francis Bacon, Colonel Jones, Mr. John Stephens, Sir Robt. Bancks, Col. Hatcher, Mr.

Mr. Newton, Mr. Hildejley, Major Hale, Mr. Tho. Foly, Mr. Dutton, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable Mr. Skynner to fell Lands, for Payment of Debts, is committed.

The House proceeded this Day upon the Bill for Ge-heral Pardon and Oblivion.

A Proviso was tendered to this Bill, to avoid all Orders made by illegal Courts, &?c.; which was read the First and Second time , and, upon the Question, rejected.

Another Proviso was read, that this Act shall not extend to pardon, any cohcealing or suppressing of any Last WiU, or Testament; which was read the First and Second time; and, upon the Question, rejected.

Another Proviso was tendered to this Bill, that it extend not to pardon or discharge the undue Payment of any publick Monies, to the Use of John Lambert Esquire, after the 13th of November 1659, when the same might have been secured for the publick Use; which was read the First time; and, upon the Question, rejected. '

Another Proviso, that this Act extend not to pardon any Riots, or Tumults, in defacing the Church of Saintoft, was read; and, upon the Question, rejected.

' Another Proviso was tendered to this Bill, that this Act shall not extend to bar or prejudice Sir Batten, to bring any Action for disturbing of him, in Execution of the Office of Surveyor of his Majesty's Navy; or for recovering of the Profits of the said Office, received since June 1648; which was read the First and Second time j and, upon the Question, rejected.

Another Proviso was tendered to this Bill, that this fAdl shall not extend to pardon the undue obtaining of any Deed, or Fine, of Dame Mary Powell which was read the First time; and, upon the Question, ^rejected.

Another Proviso was tendered to this Bill, that this Bill shall not extend to bar Angell Grey Esquire from his Remedy, in Law or Equity, against Sir John Danvers, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns; and also against the late Commissioners at touching & Bond of Six thousand Pounds, for Payment of Three thousand Pounds, with Interest, &c. > which was read j and, upon the Question, rejected.

A Clause Was tendered to this Bill, that it be further ettadled, that one Action of Trespass, commenced and prosecuted in the Court of King's Bench, in the Term of St. Hillary, in the xxijith Year of the late King Charles, Wherein Michael Molyns was Plaintiff against Tho. Blagge Esquire, and the Judgment and Execution thereupon, be discharged.

Ordered, That Mr. Charlton,'Strjeant Glyn, and Serjeant Hales, do withdraw, and consider of this Proviso and 6f enlkrgtrig the Act of General Pardon upon th; Debate.

-AProviso was tendered^ to this Bill, that no Matter, Clause, or Thing, in this A'^Lcontaineq, shall be in any Bort cpnftrued^ deemed, adjudged, or taken, to impede X>r debar Dorothy Seymour, or her Assigns, fp talce "tbUrfe in taw or Equity, for the Recovery df her Monies lent ujnto Sir Paul, Binder,. and other the late Farmers of

the Customs, or to any of them, as Ihe, or they, shall be advised, for such Part as remaineth in the Hands of the

laid

V^iO Ql

said Custoirters unpaid; which was read the First and Second time; and, upon the Question, passed, and made Part of the Bill.

The humble Petition of Dorothy Daughter of

Sir Edward Seymour deceased, was read.

Ordered, That the Petition of Mrs. Dorothy Seymour be referred to the Committee, to whom General Monck's Business is referred, to examine the Business; and, in case they fee it just, to consider how to satisfy the Money due to Mrs. Dorothy Seym, and paid to publick Use, and upon what Treasury to charge the fame* and report their Opinion therein to this House.

Another Proviso was tendered to this Act, that this Act shall not extend to bar or hinder Barbara Widow, the Relict of Richard Anfell deceased, of any Action, Right, Title, Claim, Debt, Bill, Indictment, Information, Suit, or Demand whatsoever, which ftie hath, or may have, against Major General Wm. Butter, his Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, for any Cause, Matter, or Thing whatsoever, done, or caused to be done, by the said Wm. Butler, when he was a Major General, against the fad Richard Anfell, in his Life-time; which was read the First and Second time; and, upon the Question, agreed unto, and ordered to be Part of the Bill.

A Proviso was tendered to this Bill, that Commissary General Ireton, and others, be excepted, and shall not hie pardoned: And that it be enacted, that the Articles of Exeter, granted to Sir John shall be of Force,

and, in all r'efpefts, made good unto him, &c.; which was read the First time.

Resolved, That this Proviso be rejected.

Mr. Charlton reports some Alterations in the Body of this Act, for General Pardon and Oblivion; which were read the First and Second time; and, upon the Question, agreed unto, and ordered to be part of the Bill.

Another Proviso was tendered to this Bill, that this Bill shall not extend to free Ralph Rymer, from being questioned or sued for Fourteen fat Stotts, and Two Horses, and Four Pounds and Ten Shillings in Money, taken in the High-Way, from the Servants of Henry Darcy Esquire; which was read the First time; and, upon the Question, rgefted.

Another Proviso was tendered to this Bill, that this Act shall not discharge the Trustees of Leyton in the County of Bedford, from giving an Account, and paying such Sums of Money, which they have received, and not. paid or accounted for, according to their Trust, &c. i which was read the First and Second time; and, upon the Question, ordered to be Part of the Bill.

Another Proviso was tendered to this Bill, that this Bill shall riot extend to debar, or hinder, Peter Pudsey from entring into any of his Lands, now in the Possession of Henry Darley Esquire; but that the said Peter may sue for the same, as if the said Act had never been made; which was read the First time; and, upon the Question, rejected.

Another Proviso was tendered to this Bill, that this Bill shall not extend to the Prejudice of Ann Widow, for the Term of One thousand Years, of the Manor of Merton, &c.; which was read the First time; and, upon the Question, rejected.

Another Proviso was tendered to this Bill, to have Reparation against the Judges of the High-Court, of Justice, who fat in Judgment, when Mr Love

was condemned to die; which was read the First time; and, upon the Question, rejected.

Another Proviso was tendered to this. Sill, touching the Children of Sir Henry Slingsby; which was read the First time; and, upon the Question, rejected.

A Proviso, to except Colonel Hutchinson, as to Money received from Sir John Digby Knight, lent'unto the said Sir John Digby, and others, by John Chambers, Wm.

Barrett, and Hercules Clay deceased; was read the First

time.

The humble Petition of Margaret Chambers, Execu-

trix of John Chambers; Wm. Wharton and Elizabeth his. Wife, Executrix of Wm. Barret; and John Cley, Executor of Hercules Clay; was read.

Resolved, That this Proviso, touching Colonel Hutchinson, oe read the Second time.

Ordered, That this Proviso be referred to a Committee upon the whole Debate, to examine the Matter of Fast, and report it to this House; Mr. John Stephens, Mr. Pryn, Serjeant Hales, Mr. Earner, Colonel King, Sir Tho. Metres, Mr. Hopkins, Sir. Solomon Swale,

Sir Henage Finch, Sir Wm. Lewis, Sir Ralph Knight, Sir John Norwich, Sir Ralph Ashton, Sir Anthony Irby, Sir John Temple, Mr. Broderick, Sir Hickman, Sir

John Carter, Mr. Stanhope, Sir Widdrington, Mr. Thomas, Mr. Shapcot, Mr. Boderda and are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock in the Speaker's Chamber; and they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, Records, Witnesses, and what else may conduce to the Business.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee for Privileges, to examine the Business touching Robt. Danvers Esquire, elected for the Borough of Malmsbury; and to state Matter of Fast, and report it to this House, whether it be fit to issue forth a new Writ, for electing of a Member to serve in this Parliament, in the Stead of the said Robt. Danvers.

A Proviso was tendered to this Bill, that this Act shall not extend to pardon Colonel Syler, until he hath restored, or given Satisfaction to Anthony Oldfeild, for Tapestry Hangings, taken out of the House of Anthony Oldfeild; which was read; and, upon the Question, rejected.

A Proviso touching Mary Moloy, alias Lewis, was read, and, upon the Question, rejected.

Another Proviso was tendered to this Act, that this Act exterid not to bar the Right of the Lady Anne Baf-sett, for a Legacy of One thousand Pounds, given to her by the Will of Elizabeth Trelawher Sifter, deceased; which was read the First and Second time; and agreed unto, and ordered to be Part of the Bill.

A Proviso was tendered to this Bill, that this Act extend not to confirm or make good an Order of Indemnity, on Behalf of Sir Allen Zouch, and Catherine his Wife, against Elizabeth Bradbury Widow, dated i3 June 1650; which was read; and, upon the Question, rejected.

Another Proviso was tendered to this Bill, touching Sir Jordan CroflandKnight, and Dame Bridget his Wife;

which was read; and, upon the Question, rejected.

A Proviso for preserving Pujrchafers Estates, who have purchased from Persons excepted in this Bill, was read, and, upon the Debate of the House, referred unto Mr. Finch, Mr. Charleton, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Turner, Serjeant Hales, Sir Tho. Widdrington, Colonel King, Mr. Fox, Sir Solomon Swale, Mr-. Shapcot, Sir Ricbd. Onslow, Mr. Boderda, Sir Anthony Irby, Sir Tho. Metres, or any Three of them; and are to meet this Afternoon in the Speaker's Chamber; and to amend it, if they fee Cause, and to report itr to this House on Monday Morning: And the said Committee are to consider of the Bill, and Amendments offered to this Bill; and the Care hereof is committed to Serjeant Hales.

The Afriendments to the Bill of General Pardon, &V, reported this Day by Mr. Charleton, are as fplfoweth, viz.

.Skin 2d. L. 20, After the Wprcl " Judgments" add the Words,_‘c arid Executions.".

Skin 2. L. 21. Leave out the Words ‘‘ not cxecuted."

.Skin 2. L, 22*\ After the Word " discharged"-add theft Words, viz. " But not to restore to any Person or Persons, any Sums of Money,' meafne Profits, or Goods, already received or taken upon such -Execution, or to give any Action for the fame."

Monday,

Monday, July 9th, 1660.

Prayers.

A Bill ingossed, for Confirmation of judicial Proceedings, was this Day read the Third time. Resolved, That in the Fifth Line, next after the Words " Decrees not," these Words be inserted, " vacated, cancelled."

A Proviso was tendered to this Bill; that this Act shall not extend *to confirm any Ad, Order, or Ordinance, since January 1648, authorizing the Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal of England&c. to hear and determine all such Cases as shall come before them, by Petition or Bill, touching Alimony; nor any Decree, Sentence, or Judgment, (as they are reputed) had, made, or given thereupon: Which was read the First time, and laid aside.

Another Proviso was tendered to this Bill , that it may be lawful for every Person grieved, or damnified, by any Judgment, Fine, Recovery, Decree, or Sentence, given, made, levied, granted, or pronounced, in any of the said Courts, to proceed in due Form of Law, either by Writ of Error, Bill of Review, Appeal, or other lawful Remedy, for the Reversing, Annulling, or Revoking of the fame, in such Manner as they might, at any time heretofore, have done, if the said Courts had been established by lawful Authority: Which was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That these Words, " other than for those Errors and Defects, which are remedied or provided for by this Act," be added in the End of this Proviso.

And the said Proviso, so amended, was read the Second time j and, upon the Question, agreed unto; and Ordered to be Part of the Bill.

Another Proviso was tendered to this Bill; that this Act extend not to a Decree made the Sixth Day of April 1649, by John Lisle, and Richard against David

Jenkins Esquire, having neither appeared, nor answered, nor submitted to the fame, but utterly denied their Power.

Ordered, That it be referred to a Committee, to examine the Business touching the said Decree made in the Court of Chancery the Sixth Day of April 1649, against the said David Jenkins i to examine the Matter of Fast, and compose the Difference, if they can , or otherwise, to report it to this House; viz. unto Sir Tho.

Mr. Cefar, Sir Edw. Turner, Mr. , Mr.

ton, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Edw. , Colonel King, Lord

Falkland, Mr. Hungerferd, Sir Horatio Mr.

Hunt, Mr. Wingfeild, Mr. Norden, Mr. Henry Powell,

Mr. ... Lowther, and all the Gentlemen of the Long

JRobe; with Power to fend for Persons, Papers, Witnesses, and Records: And are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Resolved, That, in the Fortieth Line, these Words be inserted, viz." as if the fame, and the Entry, and Enrollment thereof, wereinstead of these Words, viz. " as if the same were entered and enrolled."

Another Proviso was tendered to this Bill-, for confirming Grants of ministerial Officers in Courts of Judicature since 1642, to which Offices no Person hath any former Grant, Admiiffion, or legal Title: Which was read the First and Second time, and, upon the Question, laid aside.

Ordered, That Alderman Titchborne, committed by this House to the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, being sent for to appear before the House of Lords in Parliament, be forthwith carried to the Lords House, in Custody of the said Serjeant at Arms, or his Deputy.

Resolved, That the Words " Common Bench" be made " Common Pleas," in the several Places.

Resolved, That these Words, " Serjeants at Law," be added in the last Line save two, next after the Word " Exchequer."

Resolved, That these Words " by or" be added in the last Line save one, after the Word " constituted."

Resolved, That this be the Title of this Bill, viz. An Act for Confirmation of judicial Proceedings: And the said Bill, so amended, being put to the Question, paised; Sir Henage Finch to carry it to the Lords.

Mr. Charlton reports some Alterations and Additions to the Bill for General Pardon and Oblivion; and a P10-viso, to be made Part of the said Bill, touching Confirmation of Grants, Bargains, Salesj made for Money, bona fide, by Persons excepted by Name in this Act:

Which were twice read.

And the said Alterations and Additions, being put to the Question, were agreed unto.

The said Proviso, reported, was read the First and Second time; and, upon the Question, agreed unto; and ordered to be Part of the Bill.

A Proviso, formerly tendered to this Bill, that the Persons, who fat in Judgment upon the late King, and who were, by Proclamation, to have rendered themselves by a Day, and have made Default, should be excepted for Life and Estate, was read.

The Names of several Persons, to be excepted out of this Act for Life and Estate, viz. Valentine Edward Whalley, Sir Michael Levifey, John Okey, John Hughfon, Wm. Gosse, Miles Corbet, Win. Cawley, Nicholas Love, John Dixwell, Daniel were twice

read.

Resolved, That these Names shall be inserted into this Proviso; and that their Names be stricken out in the former Part of the Bill, where they were excepted for Estates, Pains, and Penalties, to be inflicted by another Act.

Colonel King tendered a Report, of Matter of Fast, upon a Proviso against Colonel Hutchinson; but the Committee not having ordered the said Matter of Fast to be reported;

Ordered, That the said Proviso be recommitted *, and that the State of Fast be brought in Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That the Provisoes, ordered to be Part of the Bill of General Pardon, Indemnity, and Oblivion, together with the Amendments agreed upon, be ingrossed into this Bill, and not affixed as Schedules, according to former Order.

Ordered, That Mr. Arthur Jackson, Minister of St. Faithe's under Paul's London, have the Leave of this House, from time to time, to go and visit Major General Harrison.

Tuesday, 10 July, 1660.

Prayers.

SIR Wm. Wheeler reports an additional Clause, to be inserted into the Bill for Poll-Money, for appointing Treaforers to receive the Poll-Mohey, and appointing the Commissioners, for the several Counties therein named, to put the feme in Execution, instead of the Clause formerly in the Bill, wherein the Commissioners, in the Act for an Assessment, were appointed Commissioners in this Act; and another Clause, for employing and disposing the Money raised thereby, for paying the Arrears, and disbanding the Forces, tfic.; and for an Account to be made thereof to the Parliament; and some other Amendments to the said Bill: Which were twice read; and after the Addition of these Words to the said last Clause, viz. " or to such Person or Persons as shall by this, or any other succeeding Parliament, be thereunto appointed;" the same were, upon the Question, agreed unto.

Names of Commissioners, to be inserted into this Bill, for the County of Cardigan, were read *, and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

Y,

Ordered, That John Elliot Esquire, the elder, be added a Commissioner in this Bill for the County of

A Clause was tendered for the better Discovery of Popish Recusants, by their refusing to take the Oath of Supremacy, upon Tender thereof by the Commissioners; which was twice read, and laid aside.

Resolved, That the Number of Commissioners, to take the Oath of Supremacy, shall be Two.

An Amendment, in the Body of the Bill, Folio ip, was this Day made at the Table; viz.

" And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, that every Person, who is a Popish Recusant, and every other Person, being above the Age of Eighteen Years, of any the several Degrees, Ranks, and Qualities, before in this Act set forth and mentioned, who shall refuse to take the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, being tendered to him or her by any Two or more of the Commissioners named in this Act; which Oaths the said Commissioners, or any Two, or more of them, have hereby Power to tender and administer to any such Popish Recusant, or any other Person, whom they shall have Cause to suspect to be disaffected to the Protestant Religion, or to his Majesty's Kingly Authority; shall pay double the Rate and Proportion imposed upon the same Degree, Rank, or Quality, of which he or she, the said Popish Recusant, or other Person, is, or otherwise imposed on him or her, by virtue of this APt."

Ordered, That this Bill be ingrossed. ‘

Ordered, That the Bill, for Confirmation of Sales, be read Tomorrow Morning, the first Business.

Ordered, That the Bill, concerning the Committee for the Army, and Treasurers at War, be read Tomorrow Morning, next after the Bill for Confirmation of Sales.

Ordered, That the House be presently resolved into ft Grand Committee of the whole House, to take the Bill of Tonage and Poundage into Consideration; and that Mr. Speaker do leave the Chair.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reports, from the said Grand Committee, that the said Committee desire the Leave of this House to fit again on Thursday next.

Resolved, That this House be resolved into a Grand Committee, upon the Bill of Tonage and Poqndage, of Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Win. Ducket have Leave to go into the Country.

Wednesday, July 11th, 1660.

Prayer*.

AXRdered, That Thomas Blunt, now in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, upon his humble Submission, and Acknowledgment of his Fault by his humble Petition this Day, in arresting of Walter Curtis, an Officer of this House, belonging to the Serjeant at Arms, be discharged of his Imprisonaient;

The humble Petition of the Bailiffs of the Borough of Scarborough, in the County of Yorke, with a Paper dated at the Common Council, holden in the Common Hall of Scarborough the Fourth of Apr 1660, being a Revocation of the Votes of the Subscribers, formerly given for Mr. Wm. Thompson, were read.

Ordered, That the Bailiffs of , now in the

Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, be discharged of their Imprisonment.

Ordered, That Mr. Dalton have Leave to go Into the Country.

Colonel King reports an Order for getting in the Rents due, and Amur lor the Rectories, lately under the Management of the Trustees, and for gathering and securing this Summer's Tithes: Which was read, and agreed unto, and ordered accordingly; and was as followeth; viz.

It is this Day Ordered, by the Commons House of Parliament, that the Committee, to whom the Business of Impropriate Rectories is committed, or any Four of them, have Power to appoint such Persons, as they shall think fit, to manage, let, set, and dispol? of, all such Rectories, Tithes, Portions of Tithes, and other Profits and Advantages for this present Year, as have been, or lately were, settled, in Sir Henry Holcroft Knight, Sir John Thorowgood, and others, Trustees, appointed for that Purpose by several pretended Acts or Ordinances of Parliament; and to take an Account, how the Ifiiies and Profits of the Premises, vested in the said Trustees, have been employed and managed; and also to call to an Account all Collectors, Receivers, and other Officers of the said Revenue; and to fend for all Books of Accounts, and all other Books and Writings, needful for the effecting hereof; and to examine, or cause to be examined, their Accounts, and the Monies in their Hands, or in the Hands of any Tenant or others, from whom the same shall appear due; and to cause an exact Account to be made up of all Receipts and Payments; and to allow fitting Salaries to such Persons, as shall by them be employed for the carrying on of the said Service; and to examine the Salaries and Allowances, made by the Trustees formerly employed, unto their Clerks, Treasurers, Collectors, Receivers, or other Officers; and to manage she whole Revenue, for the present, so as may be for the belt Advantage of the said Service.

Ordered, That the Order, for the Payment of Monies to Mr. Alderman Rockwell, for the Garrison of,

be enlarged; that the said Order, together with the Acquittance of the said Alderman testifying his

Receipt thereof, shall be, to the Commissioners of Ex-eife, a sufficient Warrant and Discharge.

Colopel King reports from the Committee, to whom the Proviso touching Colonel Hutchinson was referred, the Matter of Fadl, as it appeared to the said Committee; which Proviso was read.

Resolved, That the said Proviso, touching Colonel Hutchinson, be Part of the Bill of free and general Pardon, Indemnity, and Oblivion.

Resolved, That the Title of this Bill be. An Act of free and general Pardon, Indemnity, and Oblivion.

And the said Bill, of Free and general Pardon, Indemnity, and Oblivion, being put to the Questfon, passed.

That Mr. Anjufley, and Sir Wm. do carry it

to the Lords; As allb the Bill for confirming judicial Proceedings.

An Act, for Satisfaction of Purchasers of publick Lands, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, That all the King's Majesty's Possessions and Demeines, and the Queen's Jointure Lands, Rents, and Profits, be left out of this Bill.

Resolved, That this Bill be, upon the whole Debate, committed to a Grand Committee.

Resolved, That it be referred to the said Grand Committee, to consider how those, who are Purchasers of the King's Lands, and Queen's Jointure, may have reasonable Satisfaction.

Ordered, That all the Petitions, tendered to this Bill, be taken into Consideration by this Grand Committee.

Ordered, That a Grand Committee do fit upon this Bill Tomorrow in the Afternoon.

Mr. Anntfley carried to the Lords the Act of free and general Pardon, Indemnity, and Oblivion; and an Act for Confirmation of judicial Proceedings.

Mr. An-

Mr. Annejley reports, that he did carry up both the said Bills; and delivered them to the Lord Chancellor.

Ordered, That the Bill, appointing a Committee of the Army, and Treasurers at War, be read Tomorrow Morning.

1Ijurfday, July 12 th, 1660.

Ps. AYERS.

JjEter de la Pierre., alias Pete, and John de la

alias Peters, desiring to be naturalized, did this Day

come up to the Clerk's Table, and did there take the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance.

A Certificate from the Pallors and Elders of the lone Congregation in Canterbury, dated Nine July 1660, that the said Peter de Peirre, and John de la , do profess the Protestant Religion, and do receive the Sacrament eveij Month, was read.

An Act, for naturalizing Peter de la alias

ters, and John de la Pierre, alias , was, this Day read the Third time; and, upon the Question, passed.

Ordered, That the Proviso, touching John Marquis of Winchester, £0 be tendered to the Act for Sales, be referred to the Grand Committee, to whom the Bill for Sales is referred, to take the same into their Consideration.

Ordered, That the Lord General be desired to draw off the Guards of Soldiers for guarding this House.

Sir John North cot. Sir Wm. , do acquaint his

Excellency with this Order.

Sir Edward 'turner reports, from the Committee for Privileges and Elections, the same upon the Return of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Evesham, in the County of that,

upon Examination of the Fafl, they found it admitted, that John Egiocke Esquire, one of those who is returned, had the greater Number of Voices; and that the Question was betwixt Sir Thomas , who is returned with Mr. Egiocke, and Mr. Andrewes the Petitioner; and that

it appeared, that, by the Poll taken, that Sir Thomas had a greater Number of Voices than Mr. and

is therefore duly elected, and ought to fit.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that Sir Thomas Rouse is duly elected to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Evesham; and that he do fit in this House.

He also reports, from the said Committee', the same upon the Return of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of , in the County of Buckingham; that, upon Examination of the Fafl, the Difference appeared to be betwixt John Dormer Esquire, who was returned to serve for the said Borough together with Sir Rich. Temple, and Francis Esquire the Petitioner; and that the Question was. Whether the Bailiff and Twelve Burgesses, or the Freemen at large, had Right to elect Members to serve in Parliament: And that, upon View of several antient Precedents, produced by Mr. Dormer, and hearing his Witnesses, and View of the Charter of the Corporation i# Maria, the Committee were of Opinion, that the Bailiff and Twelve BuFgeffes had Right to elefl; and that Mr. Dormer, who was chosen by the Bailiff and Twelve Burgesses, is duly defied, and ought to fit.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that Mr. Dormer is duly defied to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Bucks; and that he do fit in this House.

He also reports, from the said Committee, the same upon the Return of Knights to serve in this present Parliament for the County of that, upon Exa-

mination of the Fafl, the Committee were Df Opinion that the Election was good , and that Sir John Baronet, who is returned in one Indenture together with Roberts Esquire, and Esquire, who was

a Petitioner by one Petition, as Elliot Esquire was by another, had the greater Number of Voices, and were therefore duly elected, and ought to fit; and that the Sheriff had mif-carried himself in returning Mr. Roberts, who, by the Sheriffs Own Poll, had but Eight hundred Forty-three Voices, and not Mr. Bofcawen, who had, by the same Poll, Eight hundred Sixty-two Voices.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the Sheriff of the County of,

hath misdemeaned himself at the said Election.

The Question being propounded, that this House doth agree with the Committee, that the said Election of Knights, to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Cornwall, is good;

And the Question being put, that the Question be now put;

It passed in the Affirmative:

And the main Question being put;

The House was divided:

And the Noes went forth.

Mr. Hollis, i Tellers For the Noes: 7

Mr. Amiefley,i With the Noes, 5 100

Sir Anthony Irby, ( Tellers for the Yeas:

Mr. Pedley,. I With the Yeas, i 135

And so the Question passing in the Affirmative; it was

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the said Election of Knights, to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Cornwall, is good and that Sir John Carew and Mr. Bufcawen are duly defied; and that they do lit in this House.

Ordered, That the Return be amended; and that the Clerk of the Crown do attend Tomorrow Morning for amending the same, accordingly.

A Message from the Lords by Dr. Hubert and . , Matters of Chancery;

The Lords defife, that the Clerk of this House may be ordered to deliver, to die Clerk of the House of Peers, such Writings remaining in his Hands, as are herein mentioned: And therewith they delivered in a Paper; which was read, and is as followeth vis

Resolved, That Answer be given to this Message; that this House will return Answer by Messengets of theit own.

The Messengers being called in again, Mr. SptiaMef gave them this Answer;

The House have considered of your Message; and will return Answer by Messengers of their oWn.

Ordered, That the Paper, sent from the Lords this Day, be referred to the Committee, to whom several Orders of the Lords House were referred, by an Order of this House of the Fourth Day of July Instant, to be by them considered of, and the Fafl examined, and reported to this House; and the said Committee are to meet de die in diem -, and that the Quorum of them be Five.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Earl of St. ban % Interest to the Office of Clerk of the Liveries be referred to the Grand Committee upon the Bill for taking away the Court of Wards.

Whereas the House is informed, that Henry Earl of Manchester, deceased, did, in the Year of our Lord 1.639, knd unto the late King Charles, of bleflfed Memory, the Sum of Five thousand Pounds, which said Sum the said late King secured to be repaid with Interest, out of the Revenue of the Court of Wards-, which Debt is since come unto the now Earl of Manchester, and his Two Daughters: It is

now Ordered, that it be referred to the Qrand Committee,

A. 1660.

to whom the Bill for taking away the Court of Wards is referred, to examine the said Debt, and Hate Matter of Fact thereupon, and report it to this House.

A Bill, for settling Commissioners for the Army, and TreasurerS at War, was read the First time; and, upon the Question, laid aside.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee that brought in this Bill, to consider of a Bill to answer the Relation and Ends of the Bill for Poll Money j and that the said Committee do meet together, in the Speaker's Chamber, Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the House be resolved into a Grand Committee, for the Bill for Tonage and Poundage, Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Grand Committee, to whom the Bill for taking away the Court of Wards is referred, be made, and taken into Consideration, on Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Earl of s Debt, charged on

the Court of Wards, be referred to the Grand Committee, to whom the Bill for taking away the Court of Wards is committed; who are to examine the Debt, and the Matter of Fact thereupon, and report it to this House.

Mr. Secretary Morris, being elected to serve, in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, and also for the Borough of,

in the County of Cornewall, makes his Election to serve for the Borough of Plymouth, and waves his Election for Newport.

Ordered, That a new Writ be issued for the Election of a Burgess to serve for the Borough of , in

the County of Cornwall in the Place of Mr. Secretary Morris, who hath made his Election to serve for the Borough of Plymouth and that Mr: Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, to prepare a new Writ for that Purpose which the Lord Chancellor is to pals under the Great Seal accordingly.

Sir Edward Turner reports, from the Committee for Privileges, that, upon Examination of the Business touching the Miscarriage of the Writ formerly issued for a new Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lu in the County of Wilts, in the Place of Mr. , who hath made his Election to serve for the City of Bath , and that, upon Examination of the Cafe, they find the Writ was delivered by the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, to the Person that brought the Warrant* but no Notice was taken of his Name.

Ordered, That a new Writ be issued for an Election, as aforesaid; and that Mr. Speaker do iflfue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, to prepare a new Writ for the Purpose aforesaid; which the Lord Chancellor is to issue and pals under the Great Seal of England accordingly: And the Lord Chancellor is also desired to supersede the former Writ.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom it was referred to examine, what Members of the House have taken the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, do make Report, with the first Conveniency therein, to this House to the End it may appear, whether any do fit in this House, who have not taken the said Oaths.

Ordered, That the Committee for Privileges do fit Tomorrow in the Afternoon.

the Particular of which Goods is annexed, to the said Warrant, and is as followeth; viz.

Two Suits of Tapcftry Hangings, worth

A Cloth Bed worked with Silk, ——

A grey Serge Bed, lined with yellow Da-

A green Bed, — -

Three Turkey Carpets, ——

A grey Serge Bed, lined with red Da-

malk. Six Stools and a Chair, ——

A Drugget Bed, and Six Stools, —

A Dozen of Turkey Chairs, ——

Fourteen old Damask Stools, — —

Fifteen Gowns and Robes, ——

Two Trunks full of Linen, ——

A red Bed, ——

A Philemot old Cloth Bed and Stools, Several Cabinets, and a Trunk for Linen,

A Parcel of Pewter,. ——

Books, ----- ----- - - - .

L sd.

IOO ——

J 20 ——

2 10 —

3 ——

} w —

8 ——

6 ——

3 10 —

200 — —

15 ——

8 ——

10 ——

20 ——

Friday, July 13th, 1660.

Prayers.

THE House being made acquainted, that Alderman Titchborne, being sent to the Lords House in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, being the Prisoner of this House, upon the Desire of the Lords, by the Ulher of the Black Rod refuseth to return him to the Serjeant at Arms attending this House; and detaineth him as his own Prisoner

Ordered, That Alderman Titchborne be sent for by the Serjeant at Arms attending this House: And that the Consideration of this Business be referred to the Committee, to whom the Order of the House of Lords* touching the Privilege of this House, is referred, that this be one of the Matters for a Conference to be had with the Lords.

The humble Petition of the Burgesses and Inhabitants of the Town and Borough of Overton, in the County of Southampton, being a great Market-Town, was read: The Question being put, that it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of Fact, touching the Right of the Borough cf Overton, in the County of Southampton, to elect and fend Burgesses to the Parliament;

It passed with the Negative.

Ordered, That it be referred to Sir Tho. Widdrington, to bring in a Bill for impowering the City and County of Durham to fend Burgesses to serve in Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Eamley, a Member of this House," have the Leave of this House to petition the Lords in the same between him and David Jenkins Esquire.

The House, according to former Order, was this Day resolved into a Grand Committee upon the Bill for Tonage and Poundage.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reports, from the said Grand Committee, that they desire the Leave of this House to fit again Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House be resolved into a Grand Committee Tomorrow Morning, upon the Bill for Tonage and Poundage.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do deliver the Goods by him seized, and lately belonging to Serjeant Bradfhawe, according to Mr. Secretary Morris his Warrant, dated the 1 ith of July Instant

Saturday,

Saturday, *July 14th, 1660.

Prayers.

A Bill for Propagation of the Gospel, and Maintenance of a Minister, in the Borough of was read.

Ordered, That this Bill be read again on Tuesday Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Samuel Business be taken

into Consideration on Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Thomas Rawlinnamed a Commis-

fioner for the Poll- Bill in the County of , be

Brack out.

Ordered, That Samuel Gott Esquire be added to the Commissioners for the County of for the Poll- Bill.

A Bill, ingrafted, intituled, An Act for the speedy Provision of Money, for disbanding and paying off the Forces of this Kingdom, both by Land and Sea, was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, That these Words, and shall receive

From the said Treasurers, or any Two of them, a Certificate or Acquittance," be inl'erted in the One-and-twentieth Folio, Line 12.

Resolved, That these Words, " and others," be

added in the . Folio, Line.

Resolved, That Sir Wm. Vincent, and Mr. Thomas be added to the Treasurers named in this Act, for receiving the Money arising thereon.

Resolved, That this be the Title of this Act, An Act For the speedy Provision of Money, for disbanding and paying off the Forces of this Kingdom, both by Land and Sea.

And the said Bill, so amended, being put to the Que-Ition, passed.

Ordered, That Sir Menage Finch do carry this Bill to the Lords.

Ordered, That Sir Hertage Finch do carfy the Bill for naturalizing Peter Pierre, alias and John de la

Peirre, alias Peters, to the Lords.

Ordered, That the Petition of the several Planters in the Itland of Barbadoes, in America, be referred to the Grand Committee upon the Bill for Tonage and Poundage, to take the same into their Consideration.

Ordered, That the Report from the Grand Committee, touching the Court of W ards, be made on Monday Morning next.

Sir Henage Finch did this Day carry to the Lords the Bill for the speedy Provision of Money, for disbanding and paying off the Forces of this Kingdom, both by Land and Sea; and also the Bill for naturalizing Peter la Peirre, and John de la Pierre, alias Peters.

Whereas, by an Order of the Twenty-third of June last past, it was referred to a Committee of the House of Commons, to consider of the Monies due to Henry Peck Esquire, upon Orders of Parliament, and to report their Opinion, how the same may,.with most Conveniency, be satisfied; as also to inform themselves what Monies remain in the Hands of any the Receivers of Papists Estates, and to report the lame, with their Opinion, what will be fit to be done for the getting of the same in, that Consideration may be had of satisfying the Money due to the said Mr. Peck; which Debt, so due to Mr. Peck, is, by an Ordinance of the Lords and Commons of the One-and-twentieth of 1648,

Bated at Four thousand Two hundred Eighty-one Pounds , Eighteen Shillings Fourpence Halfpeny, and made payable out of Two Thirds of several Recusants Estates,

therein named; whereupon the Sum of Three hundred Thirty-eight Pounds Five Shillings Eleven-pence being paid, and no more, Provision was made by an Act: of the last Parliament, passed the 15th of March 1659, for satisfying Three thousand Nine hundred Forty-three Pounds Twelve Shillings Five-pence Halfpeny, the Remainder of the said Debt, above what was paid out of the Estates, Compositions, and Arrears mentioned in the said Act \ upon which Act there was paid, to the said Mr. Peck, towards Satisfaction of the said Three thousand Nine hundred Forty-three Pounds Twelve Shillings Five-pence Halfpeny.. . And whereas Mr. Pryn hath reported from the said Committee, that the said Committee, having examined several of the Receivers of Recusants Estates, Rents, and Compositions, find remaining, in several of their Hands, the Sums following , viz.

Mr. John Barker, for the County of Lan- S‘

caster, since the last Receipt at Michael- >500 ——

mas 1659, about ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- -- J

Francis Whitwick, for Kent, , and \__________

Sussex, since Lady-Day last, about - - J 100 Samuel Bedford, for Bedford, Oxford, Berks, 1 g and Bucks, since Lady-Day last, about J Thomas Whitby, for Cheshire, Shropshire, and i

Staffordshire, since the Year 1659, about J 3°°

Thomas Davis, Deputy Receiver for South-1 __

Wales, Hereford, and Monmouth, about J

Thomas Gifford, for Northampton, Leicester, l

Rutland, and Warwick, since > 550 — —

last, about ——

And that the Committee are of Opinion, that Mr. Peck should be satisfied, out of the fame, so much of his Debt as the same shall extend unto; and that what other Monies remain in the Hands of those, or of other Receivers of Papists Estates, be paid to Mr. Peck, towards the further satisfying of the said Debt:

Ordered, That out of the several Sums of Money,' arising by Papists Estates, which remain in the Hands of any the Receivers of the Rents and Compositions of Papists and Recusants, there be satisfied and paid (after Two hundred Thirty-one Pounds Eleven Shillings.,..., paid thereout to Lancelot Emot, Provost Marshal of Middlesex and Westminster, for the Salary of himself and his Six Men, from the Seventh of May 1659,to Eighteenth of June 1660) to Henry Peck Esquire, or his Assigns, so far as the Monies, so remaining in their Hands, shall extend, the Sum of Three thousand Four hundred Forty-three Pounds Twelve Shillings Five-pence Halfpeny, in full of Four thousand Two hundred Eighty-one Pounds Eighteen Shillings Four-pence Halfpeny, payable to him upon an Ordinance of the Lords and Commons, in Parliament assembled, of the One-and-twendeth of October 1648, upon which he received the Sum of Three hundred Thirty-eight Pounds Five Shillings Eleven-pence only; and the Residue thereof, viz. Five thousand Nine hundred Forty-three Pounds Twelve Shillings Five-pence Halfpeny, made payable to him by an Act of the last Parliament, passed the Fifteenth of March 1659, uP°n which he received the Sum of Five hundred Pounds only j and that, iri order thereunto, the several Receivers of Recusants Estates do forthwith make their Accounts with the respective Auditors, to whom it doth or shall appertain, for all the said Monies remaining in their respective Hands j. and do also forthwith satisfy and pay the same into his Majesty's Receipt of publick Exchequer, to be applied towards Mr. Peck's Satisfaction, as aforesaid} and that the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury do issue their Warrant or Warrants, for paying, at the said Receipt of Exchequer, by the Monies that shall be from time to time so paid in by the Receivers, the said Sum of Three thousand Four hundred Forty-three Pounds Eleven Shillings Five-pence Halfpeny, or so much thereof as the Monies so remaining in the Receivers Hands shall extend unto; and also for striking of Tallies

1 This Sum, instead of 5943, fjfc. should be 3943, &c.

Z for

for the lame; and the Acquittance and Acquittances of the said Mr. Peck, or his Assignees, shall be a sufficient Discharge to the several Tellers, and other Officers of the said Receipt, whom it shall concern, for the said whole Sum, or such Part thereof, as shall be paid towards the lame.

Ordered That the Sum of Twb hundred Thirty-one Pounds Eleven Shillings and a Penny be paid at his Majesty's Receipt of Exchequer, out of such Monies arising by Papilts Estates, and remaining in the Hands of any the Receivers of the said Estates, as shall be paid into the said Receipt, to Lancelot Emot, Provost Mar-Ihal of Middlefeu and Westminster, for the Salary of him-

self and his Six Men, from the 7th of May 1659, to the 18 th of June 1660; and that the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury do pass Warrants for Payment thereof accordingly.

The House, according to former Order, was this Day resolved into a Grand Committee, upon the Bill ibr Tonnage and Poundage.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reports, from the said Grand Committee, that they desire the Leave of this House to fit again on Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That, on Monday Meaning next, the House be resolved into a Grand Committee, upon the Bill for Tonnage and Poundage.

Ordered, That Nevill Majka Member of this House, have Leave to go into the Country.

Ordered, That a new Writ be issued for the Election of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Milbome Port in the County of , in

die Place of William Milbome Esquire, deceased; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, to prepare a Writ for the Pur-. pose aforesaid; which the Lond Chancellor is to issue, and pass under the Great Seal of ,accordingly.

The House adjourns itself to Monday Morning next at Eight of Clock.

Monday, July 16th, 1660.

Prayers.

SI R Edward 'turner reports, from the Committee for Privileges and Elections, the same upon the several Indentures returned for the Borough of St. , in the County of Cornwall *, that, upon Examination of the Fast, the Question appeared to be, whether the Right of -Election of Members to serve in Parliament, belongs to the Portreve, and Twelve Burgesses, or to the Freemen at large; and that the Committee were of Opinion, the Freemen at Urge have Right to elect; and that Mr. Nojworthy« who is returned in one Df the Indentures, is duly elected, and, together with Mr. St. concerning the Validity of whose Election there is no Question, ought to lit in this House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the Freemen at large have Right to elect Members to serve in Parliament, for the Borough of St. Ives, in the County of Cornwall , and that Mr. Nof-

veortby is duly elected, and do lit in this House.

He also repents, from the said Committee, upon the Return of Colonel Wm. White, being, together with Sir RalphAfhton (concerning the Validity of whose Election there is no Dispute) returned for the Borough of Clitheroe in the County of Lancaster , and the Petition of Wm. Hulton Esquire; that, upon Examination of the Fast, the Question was, whether the Freemen at large, or the free Burghers seized for Life, or in Fee of Borough

Lands or Houses there, have Right to elect Members to serve in Parliament} and that, upon Coiilideration of the Testimonies, and other Evidence, produced on both Parts, the Committee were of Opinion, that the said free Burghers, and not the Freemen at large; have Right to elect; and that Mr. Hulton had a greater Number of Voices, of the said free Burghers, than Colonel White *, and that therefore he is duly defied, and ought to lit.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the said free Burghers have Right to deft Members to serve in Parliament , and that Mr. Hulton is duly elected, and do fit in this House.

The Question being propounded, that Sir Ralph Ash-ton have the Leave of this House to speak again, at this Time, to the said Business of Clitherow

It passed in the Negative.

He also reports, from the said Committee, the same upon the Election of a Knight to serve for the County of Montgomery; that, upon Examination of the Fast, feme Objections were made against the Validity of the former Election, by reason the Poll was demanded of the Sheriff, and by him denied; and that the Committee were of Opinion, the Poll was not so demanded and refilled, as to make the Election void; and that John Purcell Esquire, who is returned to serve for the said County, was duly elected, and ought to fit.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the said Mr. Puree is duly elected to serve for the said County, and that he do fit in this House.

Ordered, That a new Writ be issued for the Election of a Knight to serve for the County of , in the Place of the Lord General, who is called by his Majesty's Writ to fit in the House of Lords; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, to prepare a new Writ for the Purpose aforesaid , which the Lord Chancellor is to issue, and pals the same under the Great Seal of , accord-

ingly.

Sir Edward turner doth also report, from the said Committee, the same upon the Return of Thomas Middleton Esquire, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Montgomery , and the Petition of Mr. Charles Fhud\ that, upon Examination of the Fast, it appeared to the Committee, that Mr. Middleton is duly elected, and ought to fit in this House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the said Mr. Middleton is duly elected, and do fit in this House.

He also reports, from the said Committee, the same upon the Return of James Pitts and Richard Wejion Esquires, for the Borough of , in the County of

Hereford, and the Petition of Perrot Esquire , that, upon Examination of the Fast, it appeared, that the Sheriff did not fend any Precept for the said Election, nor give due Notice of the Time and that, the Poll being demanded, he did refuse the same; and that, for those Reasons, the Committee were of Opinion the former Election is void.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the Election of Members to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of , in the County of Hereford, is void.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend Tomorrow Morning, for the amending of the Returns, according to the Orders of this Day, upon the Reports from the Committee for Privileges and Elections.

The Question being propounded, that the House do relume the Debate upon the Bill of Tonage and Poundage; and Leave being desired for Mr. , who

had once spoken, to speak again to the Question;

Resolved,

12 Car. II. Journals of House of Commons. pi

Resolved, That Mr. Broadrick have Leave to speak again in this Business.

The Question being propounded, that this House do Forthwith resume the Debate upon the Bill for Tonage and Poundage;

The House was divided:

And the Yeas went forth.

Mr. Annesley, ( Tellers for the Yeas: 7

Sir Atith. Ash. Cooper, t With the Yeas, J ^3

Mr. Rich, c Tellers for the Noes: 7 Colonel Willoughby, l With the Noes, 1 112 And so it was Resolved, That this House do forthwith resume the Debate upon the Bill for Tonage and Poundage.

Resolved, That a Book of Rates be made Part of this

Bill.

Resolved, That the Book of Rates, which was in January 1659, be forthwith transcribed,. with Blanks as to the Sums.

Resolved, That this House do proceed upon the particular Alterations to the Book of Rates, brought in by Colonel Birch, as they lie in Order.

The House proceeded upon the said Alterations: And those under the Letter A were read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

Resolved, That the House do proceed upon the Debate of these Alterations, Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Worjky, a Member of this House, have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

Tuesday, 17th Jtdy> 1660.

Prayers.

A Bill for naturalizing of Gerrard Vaulteythufen, and others, was read the First time.

Resolved, That on Friday next the said Bill be read die Second time.

Sir Edward Turner reports, from the Committee to whom the Lord Willoughby of Parham's Business was referred; that the Lords and Commons allowed unto the Lord Willoughby on his Account, for his Arrears, and for Money by him disbursed in their Service, the Sum of Three thousand One hundred Fifty-five Pounds Fifteen Shillings Ten-pence, and charged the same by Ordinance upon the Receipt of Goldsmith's Hall, and made payable the 5th of March 1646, towards which he. received only One thousand Pounds; and that afterwards, the Lord Willoughby going beyond the Seas, the Residue of the said Debt was applied towards disbanding the Lancashire Forces; with the Opinion of the said Committee, that the Remainder of the fad Debt, that is to lay. Two thauland One hundred Fifty-five Pounds Eighteen Shillings Ten-pence, be paid to the Lord Willoughby, and charged on the Excile in Course.

Ordered, That the Sum of Two thousand One hundred Fifty-five Pounds Fifteen Shillings Ten-pence, the Residue and Remainder of Three thousand One hundred Fifty-five Pounds Fifteen Shillings Ten-pence, charged by Ordinance of the Lords and Commons in Parliament, on the Receipt of Goldsmith's Hall, and payable, in the Year 1646, to the Lord Willoughby of Parham, as due to him on his Account, be, and hereby is, charged on the Receipt of Excise, and to be paid by the Commissioners of Excise in Course, to the said Lord Willoughby of Parham, or his Assignees, in full Satisfaction of the Money due and owing upon his Account, as aforesaid: And this Order, together with the Acquittance or Acquittances of the said Lord Willoughby, or his Assignees, testifying his, or their Receipt thereof, shall be, to the said Commissioners of Excise, a sufficient Warrant and Discharge.

Ordered, That the late Commissioners for the Admiralty and Navy, do, with the first Opportunity,

1

certify to this House, a particular and distinct State of all the Debts of the Navy, expressing the Kinds and Natures thereof, and their several Heads.

Colonel Birch reports a Bill for settling Commissioners for the Army, and Treasurers at War; which was read the First time.

Ordered That the said Bill be read the Second time on Thursday next.

Mr. Rainsford reports from the Grand Committee* to whom the Bill touching Satisfaction for Sales is referred, the humble Desire of the said Committee, that they may fit again Tomorrow in the Afternoon. '

Ordered, That the Grand Committee, to whom the Bill touching Sales is referred, have the Leave of this House to fit Tomorrow in the Afternoon, for the carrying on of that Business.

Ordered, That a new Writ be issued for a new Ele&iori of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Weobly, in the County of Hereford, the former Election being declared by this House null and void , and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, to prepare a Writ for the Purpose aforesaid which the Lord Chancellor is to issue, and pass under the Great Seal of England, accordingly.

The House resumed the Debate upon the Amendments to the Rates for Customs; and the Particulars under the Letter B were read.

Resolved, That the Rate on Butter be omitted, and stand at the Rate formerly set upon it; and the rest were agreed unto.

The Particulars under the Letter C were read , and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The Particulars under the Letter D were read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The Particulars under the Letter E were read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The Particulars under the Letter F-were read; and agreed unto.

The Particulars under the Letter G were read.

Resolved, That Currants be omitted, and stand at the Rate formerly set upon that Commodity.

Resolved, That Almonds stand at the Rate that was formerly set upon that Commodity.

Resolved, That Dates stand at the Rate that was formerly set upon it.

Resolved, That all Pepper, imported directly from the Place of its Growth in English Shipping, be One Penny in the Pound.

Resolved, That all other Spicery and Drugs, imported directly from the Place of their Growth in English Shipping, be one Third Part of what is charged in the Book of Rates, and no more.

Resolved, That there be no Alteration in the Rate for Figs; but that it stand at the Rate formerly set upon that Commodity.

Resolved, That there be no Abatement of the Rate upon Mufcavado Sugar; but that it stand at the Rate formerly set upon it.

The Particulars in the Letter H, concerning Hides, were read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The Particulars on the Letter I were read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The Particulars on the Letter L were read; and those concerning Latten, Leather, Callicoe, and Caxnbrick, were, on the Question, agreed unto.

Resolved, That there be no Alterations on Linen rated at above Two Shillings per Ell j but that it stand at the Rate formerly set upon it.

The Particulars on the Letter M were read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The Particulars on the Letter 0,was read; tad, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The

The Particulars on the Letter P were read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The Particulars on the Letter Q^was read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The Particulars on the Letter R were read.

Resolved, That Silk Ribbands do stand as formerly, without any Alteration.

The Particulars on the Letter S were read; and those concerning Saltpetre, Sizers, Orgazine Silk, Raw China Silk, and Raw Long Silk, were, on the Question, agreed unto.

Ordered, That it be referred to a Committee, to apportion the Duty on all Sorts of wrought Silk, at Twenty Shillings the Pound Weight, so as to answer the former Rate; viz. to Sir George Downing, Sir John,

Mr. Foley, Sir Wnt. Vincent, Mr. Jolliffe, Mr. Thomas, Colonel Birch, Mr. Riche, Mr.; and

they are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber, and to make Report therein Tomorrow.

Resolved, That there be no Alteration in the Rate of Spectacles.

The Particulars on the Letter T were read , and, on the Question, agreed unto.

The Particulars on the Letter W were read.

Resolved, That whatever Fins of English Fishing are brought in by his Majesty's Subjects in English Shipping, directly from the Place, shall pay as in the Report.

Resolved, That all other Fins, not of English Fishing, shall pay double.

Resolved, That all Wool of Sheep be imported-freely.

Resolved, That all Beaver Wool be imported freely.

Resolved, That all Cotton Wool, of the Growth of English Plantations, be imported freely.

Resolved, That Latten Wire do Hand as in the Book of Rates.

Resolved, That Brazil, or Fomambuck Wood, rated in the Book of Rates at Three Pounds Ten Shillings, be reduced to One Pound Fifteen Shillings j and Fustick Wood at Ten Shillings, to Five Shillings.

Ordered, That this Debate be taken up Tomorrow Morning.

Wednesday, *July 18th, 1660.

(XRdered, That Colonel Jones do carry to the Lords the Orders of this House concerning Mr. Peck, and Lancelot Emoi.

Ordered, That Mr. Swanton, a Member of this House, have Leave to go into the Country.

The humble Petition of Lieutenant Colonel Samuel Perry, Governor of the Town and Castle of Taunton, was read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the late Commissioners for the Militia, in the County of Somerset, or any Three of them, to examine the Debt of Four hundred Eighty-three Pounds, demanded, as disbursed by the Petitioner, for Payment of the Soldiers in the Garnfon at Taunton and that what they shall find to remain due to the Petitioner, be paid unto the said Samuel Perry, or his Af-iignees, out of the Money remaining in the Hands of any Person in that County, upon the Assessment raised for the lad Militia, or any other Militia within the said County; and the Acquittance of the said Samuel Perry, testifying the Receipt of the said Money, or any Part thereof, shall be a sufficient Discharge to such Person or Persons, as shall pay the same: And it is further ordered, that the Garrison of the Town and Callle of Taunton, and the Soldiers there, be forthwith discharged.

A Bill for settling on James Lord Marquis of Ormond, and hi? Heirs, all his Manors, Lands, and Tenements, IfherCof he hath been disposTefied, since the 23th of

October 1641, was this Day read the First and Second time-, and, upon the Question, committed unto Mr. Annejley, Mr. Serjeant Glyn, Lord Angier, Mr. Serjeant Hales, Sir Wm. Lewis, Sir John Lowther, Sir Edward

Turner, Earl of Kildare, Mr. Thurland, Sir John Temple, Sir Henage Finch, Sir Geo. Browne, Sir John Holland, Sir Geo. Savill, Lord Spencer, Mr. Rich, Sir Francis Gerrard, Lord Bruce, Sir Geo. Booth, Sir Solomon Swale, Lord Richardson, Mr. Perrepont, Sir Robt. Pye, Sir Launcelot Lake, Mr. Pryn, Sir Gilbt. Gerrard, Sir Walter Earle, Mr. Hele, Sir Christopher Claphatri, Sir Anthony Irby, Mr. Hyde, Colonel JoneSir Tho. Wharton, Sir Henry Oxenden, Colonel West, Mr. Knight ley. Sir Dudley North, Sir Ralph Bancks; and are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon in the Speaker's Chamber, and so de die in diem.

Ordered, That who arrelled Walter Curtis,

one of the Serjeant's Deputies, at the Suit of Thomas Blunt, be forthwith discharged, and set at Liberty.

Sir Edmund Turner reports, from the Committee for Privileges and Elections, the same upon the Election for the Borough of Grencester in the County of that, upon Examination of the Fact, it appeared to the Committee, that Powell Esquire, who is returned in the same Indenture with Masters Esquire, concerning the Validity of whose Election there is no Question, had a greater Number of Voices, than Mr. George the Petitioner -, and that therefore they were of Opinion, the said Mr. Powell is duly elected, and ought to fit in this House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that Mr. Powell is duly chosen, and do fit in this House.

He also reports, from the said Committee, the same upon the Election for the Borough of St. Michells in the County of Cornewallj that, upon Examination of the Fact, it appeared to the Committee, that the Question was, whether the Right of Election belongs to the Commonalty at large, or to the Twenty-four claimed by Custom, confilling of two Elizors, nominated by the Lord of the Manor , and Twenty-two of the Freemen chosen by the said Elizors; which Twenty-four, the Committee were of Opinion, had the Right of Election: And that Cary Esquire, who is returned by Indenture as one. of the Burgesses for the said Borough, had a greater Number of Voices than Mr. Humphrey Bur lace the Petitioner; and that therefore the said Mr. Cary is duly chosen, and ought to fit in this House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that Mr. Cary, having the Plurality of Voices, is duly elected, and do fit in this House.

The House resumed the Debate upon Alterations of the Book of Rates.

The Particulars in the Letter A, for Goods outward, were read -, and, on the Question, agreed unto.

Resolved, That a Rate be laid upon Com imported.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee, to whom the Rate upon wrought Silks was referred by an Order of Yesterday, to consider what Rate will be fit to be laid on Corn imported; and to report it to this House: And Colonel King, Mr. Lucy, Sir Ralph Bancks, Sir John Bradshaw, Colonel Willoughby, Mr. Tong, Sir Geo. Booth, Mr. Ellison, Sir Wm. Vincent, Sir John Northcot, Sir Ralph Ashton, Mr. Pro by. Sir Henry Cholme-ley, Sir Trevor Williams, Colonel West, Mr. Saville, are

added to the same Committee.

Ordered, That it be referred to the same Committee, to consider and offer to the House what they shall think fit, concerning the Exportation of the several Commodities of the Breed, Manufacture, and Growth of this Kingdom, mentioned in a late pretended Act.

The Particulars under the Letter B were read; and the Four first and last were, on several Questions, agreed unto.

Resolved,

Resolved, That there be no Alteration in the Rates of Woollen Cloths.

Ordered, That it be referred to the same Committee* to consider what Rates are fit to be set on foreign Manufactures of Wooll imported; as also what's fit to be done in the same of Wooll exported.

Ordered, That it be referred to the same Committee, to consider what's fit to be laid on foreign Vessels coming into the Ports of this Kingdom, in respect of Lights and Anchorage , and to make Report therein to the House.

The Particulars under the Letter C. were read.

Resolved, That the former Rate upon Calves-Skins do Hand unaltered.

Resolved, That the Rate upon Canvas, and all Sorts of Linnen, fine or coarse, of the Manufacture of this Kingdom, exported, be Six-pence upon every Piece not exceeding Forty Yards.

The Alteration concerning Cheese exported, was agreed tinto.

Resolved, That the former Rates of Custom for Sea-Coals, exported by Strangers, do stand unaltered.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the Alteration brought in of the Rates for Sea-Coals, exported by

Englishin English built Bottoms.

Ihirfda y,'July 19th, 1660.

Prayers.

SjRdered, That Sir George Sa Member of this House, have the Leave of this House to petition the House of Peers.

Ordered, That Mr. Wharton, a Member of this House, have the Leave of this House to petition the House of Peers.

Ordered, That Sir Walter Earle, a Member of this House, have Leave to go into the Country.

Ordered, That Mr. Calmady,a Member of this House, have Leave to go into the Country.

Ordered, That Knight, a Member of this House, have Leave to go into the Country.

A Bill for Naturalizing of Gerrard Da-

niel Demetrius, Theodore Cock, and others, was this Day read the Second time , and, upon the Question, committed unto Colonel King, Mr. Mr. Goodrick,

Sir Walter Earle, Sir Wm. V/heder, Mr. Sprey, Mr. lijfe. Colonel Birch, Mr. Hall, Sir John Frearick, Mr. Richard Ilow, Sir John Temple, Mr. Ellison, Mr. Tong, Sir Geo. Browne, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Malet, Mr. Throckmorton, Sir Tho. Widdrington, Mr.

Lowther, Mr. Dennys, Mr. Wingfeild, Sir Doyley, Mr. Bofcawen, Mr. Thomas, Sir 1 hotnas Dacres, Sir Lancelot Lake, Sir Francis Gerrard, Sir Tho. Jones, Sir Edw. Turner, Sir George How, Sir Anthony Auger, Sir Trevor Williams, Mr. Whitehead: And they are to meet, on Monday next in the Afternoon, in the Inner Court of Wards, at Three of the Clock.

the late Council of State, by the Commissioners lately residing at the Sound, and payable to Robert Swale, of London, Merchant, be charged upon the Receipt of the Excise, and that the Commissioners of the Excise do pay the same to the said Mr. Swale, or his Assignees, out of the Monies coming into the said Receipt, in Course, towards Satisfaction of the said Bills: And this Order, together with the Acquittance of Mr. Swale, or his Assigns, testifying the Receipt thereof, shall be, to the Commissioners of Excise, a sufficient Warrant and Discharge.

The Lords Concurrence is desired herein: As also to another Order of Yesterday, concerning the Lord Willoughby of Parham: And Sir Edward Turner is to carry them to the Lords.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee, to whom the Business of the Lord General, the Lord Willoughby, Mr. Peck, and others, concerning Money, is referred, to consider of the Six hundred Pounds, the Overplus of One thousand Six hundred Pounds drawn by the late Commissioners at the Sound, by Bills t>f Exchange, payable to Mr. Swale, above the One thousand Pounds charged on the Excise; and to examine when the same became due, and the whole State of Fact; and to report the same to the House.

Ordered, That the humble Petition of Colonel Allot be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

The House resumed the Debate uport the Alterations of the Book of Rates.

Colonel Birch presents Reports from the Committee, to whom the Rates of several Commodities are referred, which were read by him in his Place j and being, on the Question, agreed; it was

Resolved, That when imported Wheat exceeds not Five Shillings Six-pence the Bushel, at the Place of Importation, then the same to pay Three-pence the Bushel Custom; but, when it shall exceed that Rate, theii to pay Four-pence the Quarter, and no more.

Resolved, That when Rye exceeds not the Price of Four Shillings Six-pence the Bushel, at the Place of Importation, then to pay Two-pence the Bushel Custom j but when above that Rate, then Three-pence the Quarter, and no more.

Resolved, That when Beans, Barley, and Malt, at the Place of Importation, exceeds not the Price of Three Shillings Six-pence the Bushel, then to be paid Two-pence the Bushel Custom; but w'hen above that Rate, then Three-pence the Quarter, and no more.

Resolved, That all Silks wrought, and imported in Ships English built directly from the , be

valued at Fifteen Shillings the Pound Weight.

Resolved, That all wrought Silks, of the Manufacture of Italy, be valued at Thirty-three Shillings Four-pence the Pound Weight.

Resolved, That all Silks from any other Parts of the World, be valued at Forty Shillings the Pound Weight.

Provided, that all foreign Silk exported within One Year, shall have Two-thirds of the aforesaid Rates repaid at the Custom-House.

Resolved, That all Manner of woollen Cloth imported shall be valued at Eight Pounds Ten Shillings the Yard, in the Custom Book of Rates.

Resolved, That all Stuffs, made of or mixed with Wooll imported, shall be valued, in the Book of Rates for Customs, at Twenty-five Shillings per Yard.

The House being informed, that Sir Christopher Clapham, a Member of this House, hath been served with a Subpoena out of Chancery, at the Suit of,

in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That Markham be sent for in Custody by the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

The humble Petition of Robert , of,

Merchant, was read.

Ordered, That One thousand Pounds, Part of the One thousand Six hundred Pounds drawn by several Bills of Exchange on the Treasurer, of the Contingencies of

The Question being put, that Two-pence per Quarter be added to the Rate of Oats imported;

It palfed in the Negative. —

Colonel Birch also reports from the said Committee, that it was referred to the said Committee to consider, what Advantage might be made, to the King's Majesty, by Strangers Ships anchoring upon this Shore \ that the Committee desired to advise with the Officers of Trinity- A a House

Journals of the House of Commons. i

H

House thereupon j and are not yet ready to make Report thereof. —

The Residile of the Particulars under the Letter C. viz. Comfits, and Cordage, were, on the Question, agreed unto.

The Particulars under the Letter G. were read; and, on the Question, agreed unto.

The Particulars under the Letter I. were read j and, on the Question, agreed unto.

The Particulars under the Letter L. were read.

Resolved, That the former Rate upon Gold and Silver Lace stand unaltered.

Resolved, That a Rate of Two-pence the Dozen Yards be set upon Bone-Lace, exported of the Manufacture of this Kingdom.

Refohed^ That the former Rate upon Lead stand unaltered.

Resolved, That a Rate be set upon Lead Ore exported, after the Moiety of what's set upon Lead. —

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Justice and Mr. Segeant Glanvile;

The Lords have sent you this Bill, which is an Act For the present Nomination of Commissioners of Sewers: And then delivered in the Bill.

Resolved, That this Bill be read Tomorrow Morning, the first Business.

Colonel Jones reports, that, according to the Command of this House, he had delivered to the Lords the Order of this House concerning Mr. Peck, and Lancelot Emot; and that the Lords gave Answer, that they will return Answer by Messengers of their own.

The Particulars under the Letter N. were read, and agreed unto.

The Particulars under the Letter R. were read.

Resolved, That it be referred to the Committee, to whom the Rates on Silks and Corn were referred, to consider what Rates will be fit to be set upon all Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom exported, whether of Silk alone, or Silk mixed with Hair or Wooll and to make Report therein Tomorrow Morning.

The Particulars under the Letter S. were read; and the First five Heads were, on the Question, agreed unto.

Resolved, That the Rate on Sugars, made into Loaves here, and exported, be after Ten Shillings.

The Particulars under the Letter T. were read; and the former Rate on Tin was, on the Question, agreed unto.

The Particulars under the Leter U. were read.

Resolved, That the former Rate on Vinegar of Wine stand unaltered.

The other Particulars under that Letter, concerning Vellures and Virginals, were, on the Question, agreed unto.

Resolved, That the Rate of Red-wood imported be reduced from Thirty Shillings per Cent, to Ten Shillings per Cent, and so placed among Commodities imported.

The Particulars under the Letter Y. were read.

Resolved, That Yam, called Grogram Yarn, be strucken out of the Amendments.

Resolved, That the Rate of Beer exported do stand as it did 1657, viz. Two Shillings per Ton by and Six Shillings per Ton by Strangers.

Ordered, That the Committee, who bring in the Bill for Tonage and Poundage, do consider of a fit Clause to be inferred for the Repealing of former Laws, whereby Rates are established different from those now agreed on.

Resolved, That the additional Duty upon Wines and Fruits, laid in September 657, by reason of the Spanish War, be taken off.

Resolved, That all the rest of the Alterations made by the Act 1657, from the Book of Rates made 1642, be agreed unto.

Resolved, That the Additions made by the Act 1657, with respect to the present Alteration, be brought into the present Book of Rates.

Refohed, That it be referred to the Committee appointed for the Excise, where Colonel Birch is in the Chair, to fill up the present Book of Rates, according to the Rates in the former Book, and the Alterations and Amendments now agreed upon: And they are also to consider of the Rules added to the Book of Rates, and what Alterations are fit to be made therein , and to report it to the House.

Resolved, That it be referred to the same Committee, to bring in such Rates, as they shall think fit, to set upon Leather Manufactures exported.

Resolved, That it be referred to the fime Committee, to consider of the Book of Rates for Excise, and what Commodities, therein mentioned, are fit to be transferred into the Book of Rates for Customs j and to report thp same Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That it be referred to the same Committee, to consider of a small Duty to be set upon Tapestry Hangings exported; as also upon Paper exported; and' to report the same to the House.

Resolved, That a Rate be set upon Jewels imported, after a half of one, viz. Ten Shillings per Cent.

Resolved, That the Clerk of this House do perfect the Book of Rates, by filling up the Sums with respect to the Rates in the former Book, and the Alterations agreed upon } and to attend the Committee for Direction, as he shall find necessary.

Resolved, That Mr. Solliciror General, and Mr. Serjeant Hales, be desired to take care, that the Bill for Tonage and Poundage be brought in Tomorrow Morning; and Mr. Serjeant Glyn and Mr. are added to that Committee.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to quicken them in the Act of Oblivion, and the Act for confirming judicial Proceedings; and that Mr. do go to the Lords with that Message, and urge the Necessity of a Dispatch of those Two Bills, uponReafons offered in the present Debate.

Resolved, That Mr. Sollicitor General be desired to attend the King's Majesty, and to represent the great Inconveniences, that may ensue, if the Assizes be held before the passing of the Bill of Indemnity, and That for confirming judicial Proceedings; and therefore humbly to move his Majesty, that the Assizes may be put off, till those Two Bills be passed: And he is also desired to confer with the Judges therein.

Ordered, That Mr. Allen, Colonel Willoughby, and Mr. Wm. Bancks, be added to the Committee for Privileges and Elections.

Mr. Rainesford reports from the Grand Committee, upon the Bill for Sales, the Desire of the said Committee, that they may fit every Monday and Friday every Week, until the Bill be perfected; and that their Sub-Committee, to whom they have referred die Petitions, do fit de die in diem in the mean time.

Resolved, That the Grand Committee, upon the Bill of Sales, do fit every Monday and Friday every Week, until the Bill be perfected , and that the Sub-Committee, to whom the Petitions were referred from the said Grand Committee, do lit de die in diem in the mean time.

Friday,

12 Car* II. Journal s of the House of Commons*

Friday, 20th, 1660.

Prayers.

Trichord Comes and Adrian Two Persons

desirous to be naturalized, came this Morning to the Clerk's Table in this House, and there took the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance.

Ordered, That Mr. Bull, a Member of this House, have Leave to go into the Country.

Ordered, That Mr. St. Aulin, a Member of this House, have Leave to go into die Country.

The House being acquainted, that Mr.

Member of this House, is summoned with a Copy of a "Warrant from the Lords House, which was now read, to be examined in a Cause depending before a Committee of the Lords House , whereupon he desired the Leave of this House to appear, and be examined in the said Cause;

Ordered, That this whole Business be referred to the Committee, to whom the Order of the Lords touching Privileges is referred, to examine the whole Matter of Fast, and state the same; and if they conceive it to be a. Breach of the Privilege of this House, that they present the fame, as an Head of the Conference to be had with the Lords: And diat Sir Win. Lewis be added to that Committee.

Ordered, That it be referred to the same Committee, to examine any Cafes of like Nature, touching any other Members of this House, and to inform themselves therein: That the said Committee be, and are, impowered and required to make Search, in the Journal-Book of the Lords House, for any Orders concerning the said Matters, as they shall have Occasion.

Mr. Annejley reports Amendments to the Bill for settling of the Lord Ormond in Possession of his Manors and Lands in Ireland; which were twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

Ordered, That this Bill, so amended, be ingrafted.

According to former Order, the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery came to the Clerk's Table, and there amended several Returns, viz. the Name of Colonel White was by him razed out, and the Name of William Hulton in-lerted in his Room, for the Borough of Clitherow; and for the County of Cornwall Mr. Hugh Bofcawen inserted into the Indenture, in the Place of Robert Roberts; and for the Borough of St. Ives he did withdraw Four Indentures, and Mr. James Prad his -Name was razed out, and Mr. Nofworthy inserted in his Stead.

Ordered, That the Bill, touching Sir Wm. Litton, be read Tomorrow Morning.

This House doth Declare it to be the fundamental Order of this House, that the proper Officer, except only in Cafes of Irn potency or Sickness, ought to amend in the House all Returns of Elections, where, upon an Error committed in the Return, the House shall fee Cause to order an Amendment.

Ordered, That the Sheriff of Cornwall, being now in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, be discharged of his Imprisonraent.

The humble Petition of Colonel Wm. Allot was read.

Ordered, That this Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom Mr. Swale's Business is referred, to examine how and when the several Sums erf" Money, in the Petition mentioned, amounting to Seven hundred Pounds, were furnished by the Petitioner to Colonel Algernoon

Sydney, and Sir Robert Honnywood; whether the lame, or any Part thereof, and what Part, was furnished since the coming in of the secluded Members; and report it to this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Pryn do, bn Monday next, bring in a Bill touching Concealments.

Mr. Charlton reports from the Grand Committee For Religion, the Opinion of the said Grand Committee, that the King's Majesty be desired to call such a Number of Divines, as his Majesty shall think fit, to advise concerning Matters of Religion; and that the Grand Committee do forbear to fit until the Three-and-twentieth of October next.

Rcfohed, That this House doth agree with the Grand Committee, that the King's Majesty be humbly desired to call such a Number of Divines, as his Majesty shall think fit, to advise concerning Matters of Religion; and that the Grand Committee do forbear to fit until the Three-and-twentieth of October next.

Resolved, That the King's Majesty be humbly moved, that he will please, by his Proclamation, to quicken the Execution of all Laws in Force against the Breaking of the Lord's Day, Drunkenness, Swearing, and other Pro-faneness: And the Members of this House, who are of his Majesty's Privy Council, are to present these Two Votes to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Sir Heneage Finch, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Bampfeild, Mr. Pryn, and Mr. Charlton, be a

Committee to bring in a Bill for supplying the Defects of former Laws against Drunkenness, Swearing, violating the Sabbath, and other Profaneness.

A Bill ingrafted, sent down from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the present Nomination of Commissioners of Sewers, was this Day read the Firrt and Second time; and, upon the Question, committed unto Mr. Pryn> Sir Ralph Alloton, Mr. Knightley, Colonel King, Sir Wm.

Wheeler, Serjeant Hales, Mr. Pedley, Sir,

Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Tho. Spencer, Colonel West, Sir Gilb. Gerrard, Mr. Radcliffe, Mr. Hulton, Mr. Newton, Mr. Pit, Mr. Hatcher, Sir Wm. Lewis, Sir Anth. Ashley

Cooper, Mr. Hollis, Mr. Goodrich, Mr. Bampfeild, Sir John Holland, Sir John Hotham, Colonel King, Sir Ralph Bancks, Sir Gilb. Ireland, Mr. Mr. Tong, Mr.

Culliford, Mr. Orme, Sir John Dawney, Mr. Skipwith, Mr. Harris, Mr. Rate life. Sir Anth. Irby, Colonel Hugh Beth ell. Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Annejley; and are to meet at Two of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber; and Mr. Serjeant Hales and Mr. Goodrich are desired to take care of it.

Mr. Annejley reports, that he did deliver the Meftage to the Lords, about putting off the Assizes, until the Act for Oblivion, and the Act for confirming judicial Proceedings, be passed.

Colonel Birch prefen ts a Report from the Committee, for bringing in a Bill for the Excise, the Rates to be set upon all Leather exported; which was read, and is as followeth; viz.

That every Hundred of Bandileers shall Hand, and be rated, in the Book of Rates, Ten Shillings.

That every great Saddle be rated at Five Shillings.

That every other Saddle be rated at Three Shillings.

Every Dozen of Holfters at Ten Shillings.

All Shoes and Boots, of whatsoever Sort they are, with all other Commodities whatsoever only made of Leather, the Pound Weight Ten-pence.

All Coaches and Chariots at Five Pounds.

All Horse-Litters and Sedans at Two Pounds Tea Shillings.

Coach Harness the Pair, with Bridles, One Pound.

Scabbards for Sword;, the Dozen, One Shilling Eight-pence.

Bridles,

1

Bridles, the Dozen, of Leather, One Shilling Eight-pence.

Resolved, That the Rates, set by the said Report, be the Rates to be set upon Leather exported.

Colonel Birch also reports, from the said Committee, that all Linen of Germany, or High Dutch and

Siletia, not above Three Quarters and a half broad, shall be accounted narrow Linen; and all above that Wide-ness shall be accounted broad, and shall pay accordingly:

That all Commodities made of Silk, or mixed with Worsted or Hair, perfe<5lly manufactured in , and exported, shall be rated in the Book of Rates, at Twenty-pence the Pound weight:

That all Tapestry or Dornix Hangings, of what Sort feever, exported, perfectly made in , any Part

thereof being made of Wooll, shall be rated at Ten Shillings the Pound weight:

Glass for Windows, to stand valued in the Custom Book, Ten Shillings perCheft; Drinking Glades, Bottles, and all other Sorts of Glades, to stand valued at Three Shillings Four-pence the Hundred:

Bricks and Tiles, of all Sorts, to stand valued at Three Shillings Four-pence the Thousand:

All other Sorts of Earthen and Stone Ware, made in England, to be valued at Three Shillings Four-

pence the Hundred Parcels.

Resolved', That this House doth agree with the Committee in the Rates, as in this Report.

Colonel Birch also reports, from the said Committee, touching Rates to be set upon Pan-tiles;

That all Tiles, called Pan-tiles, imported, not mentioned in the Book of Rates before, for Customs, stand there, charged at Eight Pounds per Thousand; and all other Commodities, except Beads and Looking-Glades, made of Glass, Earth, or Stone, shall pay one Moiety more in the Custom Book than formerly:

That all Boxes shall pay one Moiety more in the Custom Book, than is now charged in the Book of Rates:

That all Cards imported shall pay one Moiety more in the Book of Rates:

That all Dimitty imported shall pay one Moiety more in the Custom Book of Rates:

That all Girdles imported, of Cruel, Leather, Silk, or Velvet, or any other Sort, shall pay in the Book of Rates for Customs, once so much more as they now stand there charged with:

That all Cabinets imported shall pay double the Rates, with which they are charged in the Custom' Book:

That all Copperas imported shall pay one Half more, by way of Addition, than now stands in the Custom Book of Rates:

Hops imported shall pay in the Book of Rates for Customs, after the Rates of Fifteen Pound per Cent.

That all dyed Silks imported shall pay after the Rate in the Custom Book, of Five Pounds per Pound weight of Sixteen Ounces:

That all Sorts of Lace, made of Thread, Silk, Gold, or Silver, or Worsted, imported, to be set at double the Rate in the Custom Book:

That Linseed Oil and Rape do stand valued in the Custom Book at Seventy Pounds Ton:

That all Fish Oil, of foreign Fishing, to pay Fifty Pounds per Ton, in the Custom Book of Rates:

That all Incle wrought, the Dozen Pound, do pay in the Custom Book Eight Pounds:

That all Incles or Rolls, the dozen Pieces, containing Thirty-six Yards the Piece, do pay Six Pounds in the Custom Book of Rates:

That Beavers and Demicaftors, of English Making, of any Sort or Rate, exported, to stand valued in the Custom Book at Forty Shillings per Dozen: Felts, and all other Hats, at Twenty Shillings per Dozen:

That all printed Books, Seamens Maps, and Cards, with playing Cards, and Pictures, of English Making,

to go out rated in the Book of Rates, at Five Shillings the Hundred weight:

That all Brals and Steel Manufacture to stand valued, in the Custom Book, at Sixteen Shillings Eight-pence the Hundred weight.

Col. Birch also reports, from the find Committee; that all Silks wrought, being imported, shall pay one Moiety more upon Customs, than they stand there now charged; for which additional Duty, the Importer giving Security, shall have Twelve Months Time given him for Payment of the same , or in case such Importer shall rather pay ready Money, he shall have Ten Pounds per Cent, for the Year abated , and if within the Twelve Months the same be exported, then the aforesaid Duty shall be wholly returned.

All Tapestry Hangings imported to pay one third more than they are charged now to pay in the Custom Book.

Resolved, That the Rate set upon all Linen imported for Excise be wholly taken off; and that in the Customs one Moiety more than it was formerly charged with upon the Customs, be added upon this Commodity; to be paid in like Manner, as it is ordered for Silks.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Justice Foster and Mr. Justice Hide,

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have lent us with this Mef-sage: They desire that this House will be pleased to fend the Instrument under the Hands and Seals of those Persons, who gave Judgment against the King; and what other Evidences you have, to inform their Lordships touching that Matter.

The Messengers were again called in, and Mr. Speaker gave them this Answer:

The House hath considered of your Message, and will return an Answer speedily by Messengers of their own.

Ordered, That the Instrument for proclaiming the High Court of Justice for judging of the late King's Majesty, together with the Journal of dieir Proceedings, be sent to the Lords, to be by them made use of; and that the Messenger, that carrieth them, do desire the Lords, that, when they have made use of them, they return them again to this House, they having Occasion to use them.

And Mr. Hollis is to carry them to the Lords.

Ordered, That the Security for Impropriations be taken in the King's Majesty's Name.

The House adjourned until Three of the Clock this

Afternoon.

Friday, July 2o'h, 1660, Afternoon.

"DEfolved, That Two Shillings Six-pence the Head be A paid for all Beasts imported out of Ireland into England.

Resolved, That the Rate upon Sheep imported out of Ireland, shall be Five Shillings the Score.

Sir Henage Finch reports Amendments to the Bill for Tonnage and Poundage; which were read; and the said Bill was after read by Parts , and the First, Second, and Third Paragraphs, being severally put to the Question, were agreed unto.

Resolved, That these Words in the Exception in the Fifth Page, viz. " and all other Goods, and Merchandize, which, in the Book of Rates, are mentioned to be Custom-free," be added at the End of the Exception; and the said Exception, so amended, was, upon the Question, agreed unto.

And the next Paragraph being read;

Resolved,

Resolved, That these Words, " in Eottoms,"

be left out in this Clause.

And the said Paragraph, lo amended, was, upon the Question, agreed unto.

And the next Paragraph being read;

Resolved, That in the End of the Seventh Folio these Words be inserted, viz." Nevertheless it is hereby declared, that no Man shall be impeached, who, since the Twenty-fourth of June, and before the Twenty-fourth of July, 1660, hath collected or paid, or shall collect or pay. Duties and Customs, according to the Rates used in 1660:"

And the said Paragraph, so amended, was, upon the Question, agreed unto.

And the next Paragraph, being read, was, upon the Question, agreed unto.

And the next Paragraph, being read, was, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The next Paragraph, touching Merchants Denizen, was read; and these Words, " or any other Vessel belonging to any Alien," being, upon the Question, omitted; the said Paragraph, so amended, was, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The Proviso, for Subjects to transport Herrings, and other Sea Fish, without paying Custom for the fame, was read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The next Paragraph, being read, was, upon the Question, agreed unto.

And the next Paragraph, touching Fees, being read, and these Words, viz. " where the Goods, exported or imported, are of the Value of Five Pounds, or more," being inserted, was, upon the Question, agreed unto.

And the next Paragraph, being read, was, upon the Question, laid aside.

Resolved, That this Bill, thus amended, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That it be referred back to the Committee,

to whom the setting of Rates upon several Commodities was referred, to prepare the Book of Rates with the Rules, and bring them in Tomorrow Morning: And then this House will consider thereof, and of the Provilb now offered.

1 Saturday, July 21th, 1660.

"DEfolved, That Interest be allowed and paid for lb R much of the Twenty thousand Pounds, formerly charged on the Ordinance for Three Months Assessments, for the preparing of Requisites for his Majesty's Reception, as is, or shall be, advanced by any Person or Persons upon the Credit of the said Ordinance, after the Rate of Six Pounds per Cent.; and that the Chamberlain of the City of London be, and hereby is, authorized and required, out of the Monies coming in upon the said Ordinance, to repay to the Persons, that shall advance any Part thereof, the several and respective Sums, that shall be lb advanced, together with Interest after Six per Cent, from the Time the same hath been, or shall be, so advanced and paid in to the said Chamberlain, to the Time the same shall be repaid.

A Petition of sundry poor Ministers of the Gospel was tendered to this House:

And the Question being put, that this Petition be now read;

The House was divided:

The Noes went forth.

Sir Walter Earle, c Tellers for the Yeas: 1 Sir Anthony Irby, I With the Yeas, J 12$

Sir Wm. Vincent, 5 Tellers for the Noes:) r

Mr. Rich, I With the Noes, 1 100

So it was Resolved, That this Petition be now read. The said Petition was read accordingly; and was intituled, The humble Petition of lundry poor Ministers of the Gospel, on the Behalf of themselves, and very many others their distressed Brethren.

Ordered, That on TVcdnesday next this House do take this Petition into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill touching Ministers is referred, do, by Wednesday next, prepare the said Bill, and report the same to this House.

Mr. Holies carried to the Lords the Instrument, under the Hands and Seals of the Persons nominated Judges in the pretended High Court of Justice, for Trial of the late King's Majesty; and the Journal of their Proceedings in the said Trial.

Mr. Bowen and Mr. Edward have the Leave

of this House to be examined as Witnesses, before a Corr.mi.tee of the House of Lords, in any Cause not concerning Members of this House; they net having been summoned to be examined there as Witnesses.

A Bill, ingrafted, for settling of the Custom of Tonage and Poundage on the King's Majesty, during his natural Life, was this Day read the Third time.

The humble Petition of the Merchants trading for Portugal was read.

A Proviso was tendered to this Bill, for the freeing of any Cloth made of Cornish Wool, commonly called nish Hair, to be exported, from paying any Custom or Subsidy: Which was read the First: time; and, upon the Question, laid aside.

Another Proviso was tendered to this Bill, that it may be lawful to transport Iron Armour, and other Commodities in the said Proviso mentioned, paying the Customs in this Act appointed: Which was read the First and Second time; and ordered to be Part of the Bill.

Mr. Holies acquaints the House, that, according to their Command, himfe.'f, and the rest to whom it was referred, had attended his Majesty with the Desires of this House, expressed in their Two Votes lately paired; one for moving his Majesty to call such a Number of Divines as he shall think fit, to advise with, concerning Matters of Religion; the other, for moving his Majesty to ifiiie a Proclamation for putting the Laws in Execution against Profanation of the Sabbath, Drunkenness, &c; and that his Majesty returned them Answer, that he liked them both very well; that, for the First, he was in hand with it; and did hope, very speedily, to do something therein to the good Satisfaction of the Kingdom; and that, for the Proclamation desired, his Majesty said, it should be done.

Ordered, That Mr. Holies, and the other Members of this House, who are of his Majesty's Privy Council, be desired to wait on the King's Majesty, and return him the humble Thanks of this House for his gracious Answer.

Resolved, That a Message be font to the Lords, to de-fire them to fit at Three of the Clock; and that Colonel Birch do carry this Message to the Lords.

Colonel Birch brings Answer, that the Lords are up.

The Question being put, that the Debate, touching the Rate set upon Irish Cattle, shall be resumed;

The House was divided:

The Yeas went forth.

Mr. Amefley, ( Tellers for the Yeas: > c

Mr. Holies, I With the Yeas, I

Sir Geo. Booth, c Tellers for the Noes: 1 ,r

Sir A. A. Cooper, I With the Noes, S

So it passed with the Negative.

The House adjourns it self till Three a-Clock in the Afternoon.

The several Persons hereafter named, desirous to be naturalized, came this Morning to the Clerk's Table, in this House, and there took the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance; viz.Daniel Demetrius, Cerrard Vanheythufen, *B b 'Theodore

p8 Journals of the House of Commons. iodo*

'Theodore Cock, John Bruninck, John Joais

Bateman, Wm. Carbonnell, Lawrence David

Conyard, Philip Jego, Charles , Mark Law-

rence, Daniel Sochon, Peter Ducaen, Samuel Leicheaijler, David Griell, Jacob Goflyn, Peter Vandermarsh, Vandewall, Peter Morolois, Christian Paul Van,

Wm. Vandenburgh, Peter Lumbert, Peter Kerjtman, fojlimis Hamilton, Matthew Dat Selear, GerrardWeyman, IVm. Rushout, James Williams, Christian Eykiers, John Dolins, Francis Tyjfon, Jacob Momma, John Peter Barre, Joseph Batelier.

Saturday, July 21th, 1660. Afternoon.

SIR Henage Finch reports a Bill for Continuance of the Custom of Tonage and Poundage, and of the Duty of Excise, and new Impost, until the Tenth of Au-g¥ 1660; which was this Day read the First and Second time.

Resolved, That the First Clause in this Bill be thus amended; viz. " the Commons, assembled in Parliament, do give and grant unto your Majesty the Subsidies hereafter following; most humbly praying your Majesty, that it may be enabled; and."

Resolved, That the Subsidies of Tonage and Poundage, and other Duties, shall be gathered and collected from the Twenty-fourth of June 1660, to the Tenth of August, by the Book of Rates, used and practised in April 1660.

Resolved, That this Debate be adjourned till Monday Morning.

The House adjourns itself until Monday Morning, Eight of Clock.

Monday, 23th July, 1660.

Prayers.

A Letter from the Prince Eleblor, thus directed, viz-Illujlriftbus Generofif. Nobilibus & Con-

fultiflimis viris Communium Anglia in Parliamento de-legatis, Dominis & Amicis C,dated at his Castle jn Heidelbergh, Nonis Junii, Anno 1660, subscribed Carolus Ludovicus, was read.

Ordered, That the Members of this House of the King's Majesty's Privy Council be desired to acquaint the King's Majesty with this Letter; and, if his Majesty shall think fit, that a Letter be sent by this House in Answer thereunto, that then they, and Mr. 'Marvell, a Member of this House, do, together with the Members that serve for the Universities, prepare an Answer, and present it to this House.

Sir Wm. Wheeler reports Amendments, and a Proviso to be added to the Bill sent down from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the present nominating of Commissioners of Sewers; which were twice read, and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The said Amendment and Proviso are as followeth; viz.

Line 19. after the Word " Chancellor," insert " the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, the Lord Chief Baron of the Exchequer, and the Justices of either Bench, for the Time being, or any Three of them, whereof the Lord Chancellor to be One."

Line 20. leave out the Word " alone."

Line 21th. leave out the Words " by the Lord Chancellor alone."

Line 26th. leave out the Word "otherwise;" after the Word " or," insert " any other Law now in Force."

" Provided always, that this Act, nor any thing therein contained, shall not extend to repeal or make void any Clause, Article, Sentence, or Power, expressed or com-

6

prised in the said Statute, made in the Three-and-twentieth Year of King Henry the Eighth, touching Sewers, from and after the Three-and-twentieth Day of October next ensuing; but that the same shall be of full Power, Force, and Virtue, as if this Act had never been made."

And the said Bill was this Day read the Third time; and, upon the Question, with the Amendments, passed.

Sir Anthony Irby is to carry it to the Lords.

A Message from the Lords, by #, Two of the Mailers of the Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have returned the Bill for Poll-Money, with some Amendments and Provisoes; to which they desire your Concurrence.

The Messengers were again called in; and Mr. Speaker gave them this Answer;

Gentlemen, The House hath considered of your Mef-sage; and will return an Answer by Messengers of their own.

Ordered, That the Members of this House, who are of the King's Majesty's Privy Council, do attend his Majesty, and humbly represent to him, that this House hath received Notice of an Order of his Council, for the inhibiting of Merchants from Hupping their Cloths; together with the Desire of this House, that the Merchants may be at Liberty to ship their Cloths till the Twenty-fourth of July 1660, according to the Order of both Houses of Parliament; and that, in case any Duties shall be taken in any of the Out-Ports, by virtue of the said Order of the Council, for any woollen Cloths, which shall be shipped before the said Twenty-fourth of July 1660, the same may be restored to the Merchants.

The House resumed the Debate upon the ingrossed Bill for Tonage and Poundage.

A Proviso, ingrossed, was tendered to the said Bill, to this Effect^ that no Person, who, after the Twenty-fourth of June 1660, and before die Twenty-fourth of July in the same Year, who have paid, received, or collected, any Duties or Customs, according to the Rates used in April 1660, shall be molested, or any ways impeached, for or concerning the Payment or Receipt of the said Duties, or any other Duties, by this Act imposed. And it is hereby further declared, that no Person, who hath shipped any Goods since the said Twenty-fourth of June, before the said Twenty-fourth of July, shall be liable to the Payment of any Duties therefore % other than such as were used to be paid in the said Month of April 1660.

Resolved, That this Proviso be read.

The said Proviso was read the First and Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Serjeant and

Mr. Glafcocki

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent us down to you with this Message;

They have received divers Papers from you of late, concerning the Proceedings about the Death of the late King's Majesty; and, among the rest, they find, in one, these Words, " that all the said Proceedings be inrolled, and recorded amongst the Parliament Rolls;" and they humbly desire, that this House will return that Roll to their Lordships.

The Messengers being called in again, Mr. Speaker gave them this Answer;

The House hath considered of your Message from the Lords; to which they return this Answer;

That they have inquired after the Inrollment mentioned in the Journal lent from this House to the Lords; but find none here; and, if they had found any such Inrollment here, they would have taken order to have cancelled it.

Ordered, That Colonel Birch do bring in a Bill for die Continuance of the Excise, with a Blank as to the lime.

Resolved,

99

Refolded, That the House do resume the Debate upon the Rate to let upon Cloth.

Sir Anthony Ashley Cooper acquaints the House, that, according to the Command of this House, he had attended his Majesty, with their Desire concerning the Shipping of woollen Cloth; and that his Majesty was grauously pleased to return this Answer;

That he had no Intent at all to do any thing in that Matter, but what might be acceptable to this House; that, in regard his Majesty heard not, that this House was about that Business in the Evening on Saturday last; and Information coming to the Board, that many Commodities, especially Cloth, were shipping out, and that the Custom thereof was likely to be loft, the said Order of Restraint was made: That nevertheless, upon the Desire of this House, he was pleased forthwith to take off the said Order, and gave Mr. Secretary Order immediately to signify his Pleasure in that Behalf; and that the Commissioners of the Customs are sent to Mr. Secretary, to receive a Signification of his Majesty's Pleasure, accordingly.

Ordered, That Sir Anthohy Irby do signify to the House of Lords the Desire of this House, that they will lit at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Sir Anthony Irby did this Day carry to the Lords the Bill For the present nominating of Commissioners of Sewers, with the Amendments and Provisoes, in Parchment, annexed, signed under the Signing of the Lords at the Foot of the Bill, A Ceft Bill, les (A

Proviso, les Communes ont ajfentus-, and the Proviso signed, at the upper End, towards the Right Hand, Soit bailie -eux Seigneurs.

Sir Anthony Irby reports, that the Lords will fit in the Afternoon, according to the Desire of this House.

Another Message from the Lords, by Dh Bird and Mr. Bramfon;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have returned you back the Bill for present nominating of Commissioners of Sewers; and do consent to the Amendments and Provisoes therein; and have inserted another Proviso of their own, to which they desire your Concurrence.

Which Proviso was read; and was to this Effect; that his Majesty's Royal Aifent to this Act shall not deter--mine this present Session of Parliament.

The Messengers bong again called in, Mr. Speaker gave them this Answer;

Gentlemen, The House has considered of your Mef-sage; and of the Proviso, that you brought down to the Bill for nominating Commissioners of Sewers and they will fend Answer by Messengers of their own.

Ordered, That it be referred to ar Committee, to take care, that what shall be taken off from the Rate of woollen Manufacture, may be feud upon other Common dities of as great a Certainty and Value; viz. unto Colonel Birch, Sir Geo. Downing, Mr. Jollijfe, Mr. Vincent, Sir Anthony Ashley Cooper, Mr. , Mr. An-

rtefiey, Mr. Bulkley, Mr. Elliot, Sir Rich, Serjeant Hales, Mr. Lowther, Sir Anthony Irby, Mr. Holies, Mf. Bampfeild, Mr. Grove, Mr. Rolles, Mr. Swinfin, Mr. Walpoole, Mr. Knight, Sir John Northcot, Mr. Ottflow,

or any Five of them: And are to meet this Afternoon, 'at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for Continuance of the Duty of Excise was this Day read the First and Second time; and, upon die Question, committed unto the Committee, to whom the Bufinds touching woollen Manufactures is referred.

The House adjourns itself till Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Monday, *Jidy 23d, 1660, Afternoon.

A Bill, ingrafted, for restoring unto James Marquis of Ormond all his Honours, Manors, Lands, and Tenements in Ireland, whereof he was in Possession on the Three-and-twentieth of October 1641, or at any time since, was this Day read the Third time; and, upon the Question, passed.

That my Lord Aungicr do carry this Bill to the Lords. Ordered, That the Title of the said Bill be. An Act for restoring unto James Marquis of Ormond all his Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in Ireland, whereof he was in Possession on the Twenty-third of October 1641, or at any time since.

The Lord Angier carried the said Bill to the Lords.

A Bill for Maintenance of a Minister in the Town of Harwich, in the County of Essex, was this Day read the Second time; and, upon the Question, committed unto Sir Gilb. Gerrard, Mr. Harris, Sir Edward the Knights and Burgesses for the County of Essex, Mr. Nath. Bacon, Colonel West, Mr. Goodrich, Mr. Whitmore, Serjeant Hale, Colonel Jones, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Shaw, Sir Geo. How, Sir Capel Luchin: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon, in the Court of Wards: And Mr. Shaw is to take care of it.

A Bill, providing Maintenance for the younger Children of Sir Edward Goftwick Baronet, was this Day read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time oh Friday next.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, Tomorrow Morning, for nominating Commissioners of Sewers, according to the Debate of this House; viz. by Colonel King, Sir Anthony Irby, and Serjeant

Ordered, That the Lords Concurrence be defiled to the Orders for charging of Twenty thousand Pounds for preparing Requisites for his Majesty's Reception, on the Ordinance for Three Months Assessment, commencing the Twenty-fourth of June last, after Seventy thousand Pounds per Month; allowing Interest after Six per Cent. to the Persons who shall advance any Part thereof Upon Security of the said Ordinance.

Ordered, That Mr. Annesley do desire the Lords Concurrence herein.

A Bill, appointing Commissioners for the Army, and Treasurers at War, was this Day read the Second time; and, upon the Question, committed unto Mr. Pryn, Mr. Allen, Sir Henage Finch, Lord Colonel West,

Sir Walter Earle, Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. Sir

Tho. Meeres, Colonel King, Colonel Jones, Sir Edward -Turner, Mr. Goodrich, Mr. Ravenscroft, Mr. Bufcdwen, Mr. Boderda, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Ransford, Mr. , Mr. Culliford, Sir Gilb. Gerrard, Mr. Seymoilt, Mr: Switt. fin, Mr. Thomas, Sir John FSir Lancelot Lake,

Lord Brogbill, Mr. Reames, Mr. Spry, Mr. Thometon,

Sir John Holland, Mr. Hide, Mr. BabingtitH, Sir John Carter, Sir Anthony Irby, Sir George Booth: And they art to meet Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Queen's Court.

Colonel Bitch reports frorti the Committee," touching the Rate upon woollen Manufactures, as followeth; viz.

That upon every Ton of Wines, of the Growth of France, Jermany, Portugal!,or Madera, there shall be paid Three Pounds, by way of Customs, unto his Majesty, over and above what it is, by the Book of Rates now agreed upon, appointed to be paid by the Merchant Importer at Nine Months time; having the usual Allowance now made at the Custom-House upon those Wines; giving Security for the Payment of the fame:

That

Journals of the House of Commons. A. 1660.

That Four Pounds per Ton, upon all other Wines imported, shall be added to his Majesty's Customs j to be paid and secured in like Manner:

That the Imposition of Excise be henceforth discharged from all Wines:

That the Committee are of Opinion, the Monies that will arise to his Majesty by this Addition, will be of greater Value, than what would arile to his Majesty by one Half of the Customs upon all Woollen Manufactures, as they paid the First of January 1659.

The Question being propounded, that the One Peny per Pound charged on Tobacco imported from the English Foreign Plantations, by way of Excise, be taken off, and discharged; and that, in lieu thereof. One Peny per Pound be transferred, and charged in the Book of Rates for Customs, as a further Addition to the Customs upon Tobacco imported from the said Plantations,

And the Question being put, that the Question be now put;

It passed in the Affirmative:

And the main Question being put; it was

Resolved, That One Peny per Pound charged on Tobacco imported from the English Foreign Plantations, by way of Excise, be taken off, and discharged; and that, in lieu thereof. One Peny per Pound be transferred, and charged in the Book of Rates for Customs, -as a further Addition to the Custom upon Tobacco imported from the said Plantations.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that upon every Ton of Wines, of the Growth of France, Jermany, Portugal!,or , there shall be paid Three Pounds, by way of Customs, unto his Majesty, over and above what it is, by the Book of Rates now agreed upon, appointed to be paid by the Merchant Importer at Nine Months time > having the usual Allowance now made at the Custom-House upon those Wines; giving Security for Payment of the fame.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that Four Pounds per Ton, upon all other Wines imported, shall be added to his Majesty's Customs; to be paid and secured in like Manner.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the Imposition of Excise be henceforth discharged from all Wines.

Resolved, That one Half of the Customs paid upon Woollen Manufactures, by the Book of Rates used in January 1659, be taken off, and discharged.

Resolved, That, according to these preceding Votes, the Bill for Tonage and Poundage, and the Book of Rates referring the reunto, be amended.

Resolved, That it be referred to the same Committee, that brought in the Bill for Tonage and Poundage, and the said Book of Rates, to amend the same accordingly.

Colonel Birch reports Amendments to the Bill for Excise: Which were read the First and Second time-, and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

Resolved, That, alter these Words in the Amendments, viz. " all Arrears thereof, " these Words be added, viz. " not pardoned."

Resolved, That this Bill, so amended, be ingrossed.

A Bill, ingrossed, for Continuance of the Excise to the 2Qth' of August 1660 , was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, That, in the Twelfth Line, after the Word M imported," and before the Word " discharged," these Words, viz. " after the 24th of 1660, shall be thenceforth" be inserted.

Resolved, That the present Commissioners of the Customs and Excise be, and are hereby, required, not to suffer any Goods to be entered and shipped, after Twelve... the Clock this Night, till they shall receive the further Pleasure of his Majesty, and both Houses of Parliament, in that Behalf.

Ordered, That a new Writ be issued, for the Elect'.on

of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and County of Ntwaijileupon Tyne, in the Place of IVm. Cover ley Esquire, deceased , and that Mr. Speaker do ifl'ue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, to prepare a new Writ for the Purpose aforesaid: Which the Lord Chancellor is to ifl'ue and pal's under die Great Seal of England accordingly.

Tvuefday, 24th July, 1660.

Prayers.

T Ewis Gillarty one desirous to be naturalized, came this Morning to the Clerk's Table in this House; and there took the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance.

A Bill for enabling Sir W Wray to fell Lands for Payment of Debts, and raising of Portions for his younger Children, was this Day read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time on Saturday.

Sir Anthony Irby reports *

A Bill for nominating of Commissioners of Sewers was this Day read the First and Second time; and, upon the Question, ordered to be ingrossed.

A Bill, ingrossed, for nominating of Commissioners of , Sewers, was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, That, next after the Word "also,".fol. 3.

1. 1. these Words be added in the last Proviso, " and it is declared and in the same Line, next after the Word " Act," these Words, " doth not nor," be inserted and that the Word " not," next after the Word " shall," be omitted.

And the said Bill, so amended, being put to the Question, passed.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Wheeler do carry this Bill to the Lords: And acquaint, the Lords with the irregular returning of the former Act, sent from them to this House, for nominating Commissioners of Sewers.

Memorandum, that the Lords sent down a Bill ingrossed, intituled, An Act for present nominating of Commissioners of Sewers: And the said Bill, being twice read in this House, was committed; and several Amendments and a Proviso reported , and agreed unto: And the said Bill passed; and, with the Amendments in Paper, and the Proviso in Parchment, affixed thereunto, sent back to the Lords for their Concurrence, being signed by the Clerk.

The Lords afterwards returned Answer by their Messengers, that their Lordships did agree to the Bill with the Amendments and Proviso, as passed by this House j fending back the Bill, as it was returned from this House, together with another Proviso, added by the Lords -, but without Ingrossment of the Amendments made by this House: Which being conceived not agreeable with the Rules of Parliamentary Proceedings , and that no further Proceedings could be regularly had thereupon -, this House did therefore, as an Expedient in the Cafe, direct a new Bill to the same Effect to be prepared: Which was accordingly done -, and this Day read, and passed. '

The House this Day resumed the Debate upon the ingrossed Bill for Tonage and Poundage.

A Proviso formerly tendered to the said Bill, that no Person, who after the 24th of June 1660, and before the 24th of July in the same Year, who have paid, received, or collected, any Duties or Customs, according to the Rates used in April 1660, shall be moltfted or impeached for the same by this Act,; Which was this Day read the Third time , and, upon the Question, agreed to be Part of the Bill.

Sir Henage Finch reports an additional Clause to be inserted into the said Bill, touching the additional Rates of Wines, in pursuance of the Resolves of Yesterday

and

1Z Car. II. Journals#/ the House Commons. ioi

and the discharging of all Sorts of Wines from the Imposition of Excise: Which was read the First and Second time; and, upon the Question, with some Amendments, agreed unto, and ordered to be ingrossed.

The said Clause and Amendments were read the Third time.

Another Proviso, ingrossed in Parchment, was tendered to this Bill i in these Words:

" Provided, and it is hereby declared and enabled, that the Prizage of Wines, or Prize Wines, ought not to pay Tonage or Custom; and shall not be charged with the Payment of any Custom, Subsidy, or Sum of Money, imposed upon Wines by this Act, or any thing therein contained

Which was read the First and Second time; and, upon the Question, ordered to be Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Rate of Woollen Cloths, exported by his Majesty's Subjects, be Three Shillings Four-pence; and by Strangers, Six Shillings Eight-pence , and that the ingrossed Bill be accordingly amended, by inferring Three Shillings Four-pence two Places, instead of Six Shillings Eight-pence; and Six Shillings Eight-pence in one Place, instead of Thirteen Shillings Four-pence.

Ordered, That the Clause in the ingrossed Bill, beginning " nevertheless," and ending " 1660," be struck out; being supplied by another Proviso. ——

The Lord Mountague,(landing up in his Place, acquainted the House, that it had pleased the King's Majesty, to confer some Honour on him, and to call him by Writ to the House of Peers; which he thought it his Duty to acquaint this House with; and to return unto them his humble and hearty Thanks, for their many Favours conferred on him: And did assure them, that, in whatsoever Condition he shall be, it shall ever be his Endeavour to do this House faithful Service: And acquainted them, that he must take his Leave of this House.

Resolved, That the Lord Mountague have the Thanks of this House.

Mr. Speaker gave the Lord the Thanks of

this House accordingly; to this Effect;

My Lord, Full Hearts have no need of the Help of a Tongue: You fee how, upon the lead Joy, they break out in Thanks for your many eminent Services; which is our Happiness, and the Crown of your Merits. This House is like a Ship, and you like the Steerfman: As you have one Eye upon your Compass, so you have your other Eye upon God, who will (leer all your Courses aright. You have acted in this lower Sphere these many Years: Now, his Majesty is pleased to draw you up into an higher Orb, and That, on your Part, deservedly. We rejoice much at your Preferment to that Honour; and bid you heartily farewel.

I am commanded, and do, in the Name of this House, give you their most hearty Thanks, for your many eminent and faithful Services.

After, the Lord Mountague took his Leave; many Members of this House accompanying him forth. ——

Another Proviso was tendered to this Act, that this Act do not extend to prejudice the Surveyor General of the Customs, to take the Fees, contained in a Table now hanging in the Port of London, and have been paid ever since the 15th Year of King James: Which was read the First time:

And the Question being put, that this Proviso be read the Second rime;

The House was divided:

The' Yeas went forth.

Mr. Annejky, 5 Tellers for the Yeas: J

Sir Daniel Harvey, I With the Yeas, )

Mr. Holies, t Tellers for the Noes: )

Sir Ralph Hare, I With the Noes, i So it passed with the Negative.

Another Proviso was tendered to this Bill, prohibiting the levying or collecting any greater or lesser Sum of Money, for the Duty of all or any the Commodities

in this present Act, or Book of Rates, mentioned, than by this Act, or in the Book of Rates, are set: Which was read the First time; and, upon the Question, laid aside.

Ordered, That Colonel Ingoldsby have the Leave of this House to petition the Lords House.

Ordered, That Sir Win. Wheeler do go with a Message to the Lords, and acquaint them, that it is the Desire of this House, that their Lordships will be pleased to fit awhile; for that the House will presently fend Two Bills to them, which require Speed in the Dispatch.

A Bill for continuing the Excise until the 20th of August 1660, was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, That these Words, " to be collected, levied, and, " be inserted in the Third Line.

And the said Bill, so amended, being put to the Question, passed.

Resolved, That this be the Title of this Bill, An Act for continuing the Excise until the 20th of August 1660.

Ordered, That Colonel Birch do carry this Bill to the Lords: And he is to acquaint the Lords, that the Bill of Customs of Tonage and Poundage is ready, if their Lordships please to fit awhile.

Another Proviso was tendered to the Bill for Tonage and Poundage, to prohibit the King's Butler from tailing Prizage Wines: Which was read the First time; and, upon the Question, laid aside.---

Sir Wm. Wheeler brings Answer from the Lords, that they will fit for half an Hour. — —

Another Proviso was tendered to the Bill for Tonage and Poundage, that Calve-Skins, which shall not exceed Thirty-two Pounds in Weight, no more shall be paid, by way of Custom for exporting thereof, than after the Rate of Two Shillings the Dozen: Which was this Day read the First and Second time; and, upon the Question,

Resolved, That tins House doth declare, that they will take this Proviso into Consideration, upon passing of the Book of Rates.

A Message from the Lords, by Dr. and Mr.

Brampfton;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire of this House, that Mr. Rufhworth may attend the Lords; to be asked feme Questions about the Death of his late Majesty; and, in case he be not here now, that you will give Order, that he attend them Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That, at the Desire of the Lords, the Houfij do give Leave to Mr. Rufhworth, a Member of this House, to attend the Lords, if he pleaseth; to answer some Questions, touching the Death of the late King.

The Messengers were again called in; and Mr. Speaker gave them this Answer;

Gentlemen, The House has considered of your Mef-sage; and, at the Desire of the Lords, they have given Mr. Rujhworth Leave to attend the Lords upon this Occasion.

Colonel Birch brings Answer from the Lords, that the Lords will fit at Three of the Clock this Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Dillington, a Member of this House, have Leave to go into the Country.

The Amendments and Provilbes, ordered to be Part of the Bill for Tonage and Poundage, being ingrossed, were read the Third time.

Resolved, That this be the Title of the Bill, viz. A Subsidy granted to the King, of Tonage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money payable upon Merchandize, exported and imported. '

C c And

And the said Bill, so amended, being put to the Question, passed.

Mr. Annesley is to capy this Bill to die Lords; and to idefire the Lords, that, it being a Bill concerning Money, it be sent back to this House, when the Lords have passed it.

Wednesday, 25th ^July^ 1660.

Prayers.

iryiME S de fa Porte, Anthonio , Peter

J dermandere, Henry Steinmer, did this Day take the

Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, before Mr. Speaker, at the Table.

Ordered, That a new Writ be issued, for Election of a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Port of Dover in the County of , in the Place of pdward Mountague, one of the Generals at Sea, and

now Earl of Sandwich, called by Writ of his Majesty to the House of Peers; and that Mr. Speaker do ififue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, to prepare a new Writ for the Purpose aforesaid: Which the Lord Chancellor is to issue and pass under the Great Seal of England accordingly.

Ordered, That Sir John Temple Knight, a Member of this House, have the Leave of this House to give his Testimony in the House of Peers, in a Business depending before their Lordshipsu

Ordered, That the Petition of the Ministers, appointed for this Day, be taken into Consideration on Friday next, the first Business: And then the Committee are to make their Report upon the Bill touching Ministers Livings.

Ordered, That the Report upon the Bill concerning the Court of Wards be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for enabling of John Newton the Younger to fell Lands for Payment of his Debts, was read the First time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Second time on Monday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Glascock and Mr. Mailers of Chancery;

We are commanded by the Lords to return to you these Two Bills; the one for continuing Excise; the other for granting Subsidies of Tonage and Poundage; the Lords signifying their Consent to both of them: And therewith they delivered in the Two Bills.

The House took up the Debate of the Book of Rates, relating to the Bill for Tonage and Poundage.

The Particulars under the Letter A, for Goods imported, were read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The Particulars under the Letter C were read.

The Question being propounded, that this House doth adhere to their former Votes, touching the Rates upon Cattle to be imported from Ireland into England;

And the Question being put, that the Question be now put*,

It passed in the Affirmative:

And the main Question being put;

The House was divided:

And the Noes went forth.

Mr. Annesley, 5 Tellers for the Noes:?

Sir John Teniple, \ With the Noes, S 0

Sir Grp. Booth, tTellers for the Yeas:?

Mr. Boderda, 1 With the Yeas, > 2I9

' And so it was Resolved, That this House doth adhere to; their former Vote, touching the Rates upon Cattle to be imported from Ireland into England.

The Particulars under the Letter C were, upon the Quell ion, agreed unto.

The Rates under the Letter D were read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The Rates under the Letter E were read*, and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The Rates under the Letter F were read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The Rates under the Letter G were read:

Resolved, That white Sugars be reduced from Nina Pounds Six Shillings and Eight-pence the Hundred, to Seven Pounds Six Shillings and Eight-pence.

Resolved, That brown Sugar, of English Plantations, be at the Rate of One Pound Ten Shillings.

And the said Rates under the Letter G, being put to the Question, were agreed unto.

The Rates under the Letter H were read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The Rates under the Letter I were read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The Rates under the Letter K were read *, and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The Rates und?r the Letter L were read *, and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The Rates under the Letter M were read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The Rates under the Letter N were read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The Rates under the Letter O were read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The Rates under the Letter P were read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The Rates under the Letter Qjwere read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The Rates under the Letter R were read j and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The Rates under the Letter S were read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The Rates under the Letter T were read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The Rates under the Letter U were read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The Rates under the Letter W were read; and, upon' the Question, agreed unto.

The Rates under the Letter Y were read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The Rates upon all Wines, to be brought into the Port of London, and all other Ports of , and Dominions thereof, were read; and, on the Question, agreed unto.

The House proceeded to the Rates of Merchandize outward.

The Rates under the Letter A were read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The Rates under the Letter B were read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The Rates under the Letter C were read:

Resolved, That the Rates upon Calve-Skins, not weighing above Thirty-six Pounds the Dozen, be Two Shillings and Six-pence.

And the rest of the Rates under the Letter C, being put to the Question, were agreed unto.

The Rates upon the Letter D were read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The Rates upon the Letter E were read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The Rates under the Letter F were read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The Rates under the Letter G were read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The Rates under the Letter H were read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The Rates under the Letter I were read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The Rates under the Letter K were read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The Rates under the Letter L were read -, and, upon the Question, agreed unco.

The

J2. Car. II.

Journals of the House of Commons

The Rates under the Letter M were read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The Rates under the Letter N were read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The Rates under the Letter O were read and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The Rates under the Letter P were read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The Rates under the Letter R were read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The Rates under the Letter S were read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The Rates under the Letter T were read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The Rates under the Letter U were read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The Rates under the Letter W were read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The Rates under the Letter Y were read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The Tonage upon Beer was read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

Ordered, That these several Rates be ingrossed in Books of Parchment or Vellom.

Ordered, That this House do. Tomorrow Morning, take into Consideration the Rules for Tonage and Poundage , and what Rates shall be laid upon Cattle to be brought out of Scotland.

Ordered, That the Clerk permit the Officers of the Commissioners of the Customs to peruse the Book of Rates now agreed; and to take Notes of all Alterations from the former Book, for their present Direction in this Affair.

his Majesty from this House, that he will please to take such Course, by Treaty, or otherwise, as he shall, in his Wisdom, think fit, for the getting of the Tare, and other extraordinary Charges, taken off, which are laid by the Hutch on woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom; and present it to this House.

The Question being put, that the Sum of Eight-pence be set upon every Head of great Cattle, brought out of Scotland into England, to be inserted into the Book of

Rates;

And the Question being put, that this Question be now put;

It passed with the Affirmative:

And the main Question being put, that the Sum of Eight-pence be set upon every Head of great Cattle, brought out of Scotland into , to be inserted into

the Book of Rates;

The House was divided i The Yeas went forth.

Mr. Holies, C Tellers for the Yeas: 7 ,

Sir Wm. Lewis, t With the Yeas,) *3

Sir Win. Doyley, ( Tellers for the Noes: )

Sir Anthony Irby, t With the Noes, J So it passed with the Negative.

Ordered, That it be referred to a Committee, to pen a Clause touching Port Duties for foreign Shipping and Vessels, upon the Debate of the House; viz. Colonel King, Sir llenage Finch, Mr. Pryn, Sir Walter Earle,

Sir Wm. Vincent, Mr. Ellift on. Major Sir John

Northed, Sir Geo. Downing, Colonel Morley, Mr. Ser-jeant Hales, Mr. Dennys, Serjeant Glyn, Mr.

Mr. Got, Mr. Annesley; and all that will come to have Voices; or any Five of them: And they are presently to withdraw.

'Thursday, 26th July, 1660.

Prayers.

A Bill for Maintenance of the Vicar of in the

Counties of Hertford and Cambridge, was this Day read the First time; and, upon the Question, ordered to be read the Second time on Saturday Morning next.

; Elias Brooke, alias Brake,. John Peterson Persons desirous to be naturalized, came up to the Clerk's Table, and there took the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance.

Ordered, That Serjeant Bferwne, a Member of this House, have Leave to go into the Country.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for Maintenance of a Minister in the Town of Harwich is referred, have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and W'itneffcs; and what else may conduce to the Bufinet.

Colonel Birch reports, from the Committee, certain Orders, Directions, and Allowances, for the Advancement of Trade, and Encouragement of the Merchant; as also for the regulating as well of the Merchants in making due Entries and just Payments of their Customs, as of the Officers in all the Ports of this Kingdom, in the faithful JDischarge of their Duty: Which were read.

Resolved, That these Rules shall be the Rules to be observed in the collecting and gathering of the Subsidies of Tonage and Poundage, and other Monies, for new Lmpost, mentioned in the Act, intituled, A Subsidy granted to the King, of Tonage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money, payable upon Merchandize exported and imported.

Another Rule was tendered to be added to these Rules, touching impowering the Barons of the Exchequer, Attorney General, or Sollicitor General, or any Three of them, to compound for all Seizures and Forfeitures upon the Act of Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage: Which was read; and, upon the Question, rejected.

Ordered, That it be referred to Colonel Samuel Jones to prepare the Draught of a Petition, to be presented to

Colonel Birch reports, from the Committee, Directions for the Payment of the Subsidy upon woollen Cloths, and old Drapery: Which were read; and, upon the' Question, agreed unto.

He also reports a Clause, that Goods inward, not fated, do pay Five -per Cent'; which was read.

The Second Article of the said Clause, in these Words, viz. " the Duties, and Sums of Money, appointed to be paid by the Act of Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage: passed this Parliament, and no other, shall be paid to his Majesty's Officers, during the Continuance of the said Act, upon Goods imported and exported," was read the Second time:

And the Question being put, that this Clause be laid! aside;

The House was divided:

The Noes went forth.

Sir Ralph Knight, ( Tellers for the NoiS: 7 Colonel King, I With the Noes, . J 95

Mr. Holies, t Tellers for the YeaS:

:«7

Sir Wm. Vincent, I With the Yeas,

So it passed with the Negative.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the said Second Article be added to the Rules for Tonage and Poundage, viz. That the Duties, and Sums of Money, appointed to be paid by the Act of Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage passed this Parlia-' merit, and no other, shall be paid to his Majesty's Officers, during the Continuance of the said Act, upon Goods" imported and exported.

Resolved, That these Words following be added at the End of the said last mentioned Clause, viz. " Any Lawr Statute, or Usage, to the contrary, in any wise nOfwith-' Handing.'*

Ordered, That it be referred to a Committee, to cort-fider what Laws are now in ForCe, that settle any Duties upon the' King, which are intended by this House to be discontinued, and comprehended within the present Book of Rates; and to bring in a Bill for the taking of them away*, viz. to Sir Henage Finch, Mr.

Mr Swinfin, Mr. Annesley, Mr Stephens, Mr. Shap-'

cot. Sis Edward Turner, Sir John Northcot, Colonel King,

Mr,

104 Journals of the House of Commons. A. 1660.

Mr. Gotti Serjeant Hales, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Holies, Mr. Peirepont: And they are to meet' in the Speaker's Chamber, Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

The First Clause of the Paper, intituled. Goods inward, not rated, to pay Five Pounds per was read the

Second time; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

Friday, July 27th, 1660.

Prayers.

MR. Pryn reports a Bill for settling Ministers in Ecclesiastical Benefices, Livings, and Promotions: Which was this Day read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time on Monday Morning next, the first Business.

Ordered, That the Ministers Petition be, in the next Place, taken into Consideration on Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the King's Majesty be desired to appoint a Time, when his Commons shall wait upon him with several Bills, that are prepared for his Royal Afifent.

Ordered, That Mr. Holies, Mr. Secretary *, Mr.

nejley, and the rest of the Members of this House, who are of his Majesty's Privy Council, do wait upon his Majesty to know his Pleasure therein.

Ordered, That Sir Wm.Lewis, and Mr. Peirrepont, do go along with the Members of this House of his Majesty's Privy Council, to wait upon his Majesty with this Meftfage.

Resolved, That this House doth declare, (and that it be humbly represented to his Majesty, by the Members of this House, who are to attend his Majesty with the former Message) that, though, by the constant Course of Parliaments, the House of Commons have used to receive Acts of Grace, and such Bills, as concern the Redress of Grievances, and the Confirmation of the Subjects Liberties, before they present Bills of Aid or Supply to the King's Majesty , yet now, from the entire Confidence they have in his Majesty's Goodness, and relying upon his Royal Word, to pals the same afterwards, they have prepared these Bills to be presented to him.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Lewis, and Mr. Peirrepont, do go along with the Members of this House of his Majesty's Privy-Council, to wait upon his Majesty with this Meftfage.

Ordered, That the Report upon the Bill for taking away the Court of Wards, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning, the first Business.

Ordered, That a Meftfage be sent to the Lords, to press them to dispatch some Matters sent from this House, and now depending before them -, that is to say.

The Bill for fundamental Liberties,

The Bill for confirming Judicial Proceedings;

The Bill of General Pardon, Indemnity, and Oblivion i and.

The Proclamation for putting the Laws in Execution, against Priests and Jesuits:

That Mr. Pryn do carry this Message to the Lords.

Ordered, That it be referred to a Committee, to consider of encouraging and regulating the Manufacture, both of new and old Wool, and Navigations in English Bottoms; viz. unto Sir George Downing, Mr. Streete, Colonel Birch, Sir Walter Earle, Mr. Knight, Sir Henage Finch, Sir Wm. Wheeler, Sir Clergis, Mr. Shaw, Mr. Middleton, Colonel Jones, Sir Meeres, Mr. Jolliffe, Mr. Bofcawen, Sir John Bowyer, Mr. Spry, Sir Tho. Bludworth, Sir John Robinson, Mr. Dennys, Mr. Delves, Sir Wm. Doyley, Sir Wm. Vincent, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Edward Turner, Sir Tho. Rich, Sir John Fre-

derick, Mr. Hall, Sir Wm. Morris, Mr. Allen, Mr. Tong, Mr. Chafe, Mr. Henley, Sir John Lowther, Major hurst. Sir Geo. Savile, Sir Anthony Ashley Cooper, Mr. Culliford, Mr. Proby, Alderman Barnham, Sir Edward Deering, Mr. Ellison, Mr. ArmjMr; Foly -, and all

the Merchants , and all that serve for....

Ports, have Voices: And are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer-Chamber, at Two of the Clock j and so de die in diem: With Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Witnessfes, and what else may conduce to the Business: And the Petition for Colchester is referred to this Committee.

Mr. Holies brings Answer, that they had attended his Majesty with the Meftfage from this House:

" That the House of Commons had sent us, to let his Majesty know, that they had some Bills to present unto him, for his Royal Afifent; which were Bills, that charged the People for his Aid and Assistance: And, though it were not the Use of Parliaments, for the Floufe of Commons to pass such Bills, before they had received Acts of Grace, and that other Bills were pafifed, that were of publick Concernment, for the Redress of Grievances, and the Confirmation of the Liberties of the Subject; yet they now had such an entire Confidence in his Majesty's Goodness, that they had pafifed these Bills, and were ready to present them unto him for his Afifent; and would rely upon his Majesty's Royal Word and Goodnefi, for the passing of these, and others, when they should likewise be presented unto him

And that his Majesty returned this Answer; That, if he knew his own Heart, he took it so kindly, this Kindness of the House, that he knew not how to be revenged of it *, and, for the Confidence they had in him, he only desired this, that they would retain it, until he deceived them: And appointed the next Day at Eleven of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Committee for Impropriations have, from time to time, the Sight and Use of the Surveys, that concern Impropriations.

Mr. Pryn reports, that he delivered the Message to the Lords, according to the Command of the House this Day.

Ordered, That Tomorrow Morning the House do take into Consideration such Matters as are defective in the Book of Rates , and that the Committee do prepare the Amendments fit for the Consideration of this House.

Saturday, 28 July, 1660.

Prayers.

rXRdered, That Mr. Speaker do grant his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, to ifiiie out a Writ, for Election of a Knight to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Bucks, in the Place of Thomas Tyrrill Esquire, now called by Writ to be one of the Justices of his Majesty's Court of Common Pleas; and that the Lord Chancellor do pass the said Writ under the Great Seal of England.

A Bill, enabling Sir Wm. Wray to fell Lands for Payment of his Debts, was tills Day read the Second time; and, upon the Question, committed; viz. to Sir Anthony Irby, Mr. Pryn, Mr. James Fynes, Mr. Annejley, Colonel Hatcher, Sir John Tufton, Mr. Newton, Sir John Lowther, Sir Henry Ceafar, Sir Henry North, Sir Capell Luchin, Sir George Savile, Colonel King, Lord Cajlleton, Mr. Bampfeild, Sir Walter Earle, Sir I ho. Widdrington, Mr. Serjeant Hales, Mr. Brampfton, Mr. Crowcher, Sir Buffy Manfell, Sir Geo. Reeve, Mr. Skipwith, Sir Gilb. Gerrard, Mr. Peirrepont: And they are to meet on Monday in the Afternoon, at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered,

Ordered, That the Lift of Captives, who have suffered under the Turks in Argeere, Tunis, and Sally, with their Ransoms, now presented by Mr. Pryn, be referred to the Committee for Captives; to consider thereof: And that the Citizens of London, and Merchants, Members of this House, be added to that Committee.

A Bill enabling the County and City of Durham to fend Knights and Burgesses to serve in Parliament, was. this Day read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time on Tuesday Morning next.

Mr. Peirrepont reports Amendments to the Bill for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite: Which were twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The Rate of the Assessment of One hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, on the whole Nation, in proportion to the monthly Assessments, made in Anno 1648, was read.

Ordered, That this Debate be adjourned until Tuesday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Dr. Child and Mr. *, Two Matters of the Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent its to put you in mind of a former Message, sent the 1 ith of this Month, concerning certain Deeds and Evidences; which concern some of their Lordships, remaining with the Clerk of this House.

The Messengers were again called in; and Mr. Speakef gave them this Answer;

The House hath considered of your Message; and they will return an Answer by Messengers of their own.

Ordered, That the Message froth the Lotds, concerning Deeds and Evidences, claimed by some of the Lords, remaining in the Hands of the Clerk of this House, be taken into Confutation on Morning next.

Sir Henage Finch reports an Amendment, by way of Exception, to be added to the last Rule, restraining the Duties for Goods imported and exported, to those mentioned in the Book of Rates: Which was twice read.

Refolded, That Wool, Wool-fells, and Leather, be omitted out of this Amendment.

And the said Amendment; being put to the Question, was agreed unto; and ordered to be ingrossed.

Sir Henage Finch reports another Amendment to be added to the Book of Rates, touching Garments of Woollen Cloth.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee for Bills, to prepare several Bills for Confirmations of Marriages, made according to an Act, or pretended Ad, intituled, An Act touching Marriages, Births, and Burials; and for Confirmation of Leases, made by Matters of Colleges and Hospitals: And Serjeant Hales, Six Solomon Swale, Sir John Lowther, Mr. Sir An-

thony Ashley Cooper, Mr. SwinfmMr. Goodrich, Sir Francis Gerrard, and the Burgesses for both the Univers ties,

be added to that Committee.

The House being informed, that the Usher of the Black-Rod was at the Door, he was called in; and, coming into the House, and standing in the Midst of the House, delivered this Message;

Sir,

The King hath commanded me to call yourself, and the rest of the Members of this House, into the Lords House.

Mr. Speaker, and the Members of the Parliament attending him, went unto the Lords House: And Mr.

Speaker carried to the Lords House Two Bills; the one intituled, A Subsidy granted to the King of Tonage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money payable upon Merchandize, exported and imported, together with a Book of Rates, mentioned in the said Bill; and the other Act, intituled, An Act for Continuance of the Excise, until the 20th Day of , 1660.

Ordered, That the Original of the Book of Rates, and Rules annexed, be bound up, and remain in this House.

Ordered, That Three Transrripts be tnade of the Book of Rates, and of the Rules thereunto annexed; one to be transmitted to the Lords House, there to remain among the Records; another to be transmitted into the Exchequer, there to remain on Record; and a Third to the Commissioners of the Customs, to be by them made use of for his Majesty's Service.

Ordered, That the Act of Tonage and Poundage, and the Book of Rates, together with the Rules an-riexed, be forthwith printed and published.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee appointed to draw Heads of a Conference to be had with the Lords; to consider of what was now offered, touching Mr. Foxwift, a Member of this House, his giving Testimony in the Lords House, upon the Matter now in Debate.

The House adjourns itself till Monday Morning Eight of Clock.

Monday, July 3o'h, 1660.

Prayers.

SI R Wm. Gedeon, and Maurice Van Looe, did this Day take the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance at the Clerk's Table, in order to their Naturalization.

A Bill to enable Sir George Booth Baronet to lease and fell Lands, for Payment of his Debts, and raising Portions for Advancement of his younger Children, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be now read the Second time. The said Bill was read the Second time accordingly; and, upon the Question, committed unto Mr. Pryn, Sir Walter Earle, Sir Anthony Irby, Sir Gilb. Gerrard, Mr. Trevor, Serjeant Glyn, Sir Wm. Waller, Mr. Tong, Colonel West, Sir John Northcot, Colonel Jones, Sir Wm.

Mr. Weston, Mr. Swinfin, Lord Mr. Holies, Mr.

Grey, Sir Dudley North, Sir RAshton, Mr. Bofcawen, Sir Francis Gerrard, Colonel Harley, Mr. Danyells, Sir Tho. Widdrington, Sir Wtn, Doyley, Sir Ralph Knight, Sir Edmond Bowyer, and the Knights and Burgesses of Cheshire and Lancashire: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the Court of Wards.

Ordered, That the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds be conferred on Sir George Booth Baronet, as a Mark of Respect unto him, for his eminent Services and great Sufferings for the Publick; and that the same be charged upon the Excise in Course, and paid unto the said Sir George Booth, or his Assigns; and that the Commissioners for the Excise do pay the same to the said Sir George Booth, or his Assigns, accordingly: And the Acquittance or Acquittances of the said Sir George Booth, testifying the Receipt thereof, shall be their sufficienrDif-charge in that Behalf.

A Paper concerning Three hundred Arms, provided Anno 1650, by Mr. Samuel Birch, and laid up about Manchester, for his Majesty's Service, was this Day read.

D d A Bill

A Bill, for settling and restoring Ministers in their Ecclesiastical Livings and Promotions, was this Day read the Second time.

The humble Petition of Chr Bellot Gent, was read.

Refilved, That the said Bill be committed to Serjeant Littleton, Sir Wm. Wheeler, Sir Roger Palmer, Sir Tho.

C!erg is, Sir Anthony Irby, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Gewin, Sir Trevor Williams, Mr. Crouch, Sir Geo. Reeve, Colonel West, Mr. Thurland, Sir Lbo. Meeres, Mr.

Mr. Swhtfin, Sir Henage Finch, Mr. Allen, Sir John Bowyer, Sir Gilb.Gerrard, Mr. Mr. Holies,

Sir Walter Earle, Mr. Knight ley. Sir Geo. Savile, Colonel Jones, Sir Anthony Aucher, Mr. Foly, Sir Francis Gerrard, Mr. Trevor, Mr. Grove, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Bulkeley, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. John Stephens, Mr. Gerrard,

Mr. 7homas, Mr. Edward Stephens, Mr. Barton, , Sir John Temple, Sir Rich. Temple, Colonel Jones, Mr. Tong, Mr. Alexander Baker, Colonel Birch, Mr. Chafe, Mr. Knight, Sir Henry North, Colonel King, Mr.

Mr. Broadrick, Mr. Goodrich, Sir Lewis, Mr. Crew,

Mr. Shapcot, Sir Norton Knatchbull, Mr. Nathaniel Bacon, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Peckham, Mr. Harris, Mr. Ellifin,

Mr. Throckmorton, Sir John Talbot, Mr. Lord

Richardson, Mr. Bulwer, Mr. Bofiawen, Serjeant Glyn, Sir John Bowyer, Sir Edward Leering, Mr. Culliford, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Minors, Sir Lancelot Lake, Lord Bruce, Dr. Cleyton, Sir Edward Maffiey, Mr. Fox, Serjeant Browne, Mr. Henly, Major Cleyton, Sir Solomon Swale, Colonel Hugh Bethell, Sir Capell Luckin, Sir Henry Cefar,

Mr. Mallet, Mr. Powell, Mr. Mr. Westfafy,

Sir The. Middleton, Mr. Brand, Sir John Lowther, Sir Wm. Waller, Mr. Whitehead, Sir John Potts, Mr. Baker,

Mr. Newton, Sir Henry Oxenden, Mr. Hampden: And they are to meet in the Exchequer-Chamber Tomorrow, at Two of Clock in the Afternoon: And that the Petition of the Ministers, read in this House the One-and-twen-tieth of July Instant; as also the Petition of Mr. Christopher Bellot-, and the Proviso now tendered, touching Rejection by the late Commissioners for Approbation, and the want of Institution and Induction; be referred to this Committee.

The Question being propounded, that all that come shall have Voices;

And the Question being put, that the Question be now put -,

It passed with the Affirmative:

And the main Question being put -, it was

Refilved, That all that come shall have Voices.

Mr. Amesley carried to the Lords the Votes, for their Concurrence, touching the Twenty thousand Pounds for his Majesty's Reception, and Interest for what is advanced thereof, to be charged on the Three Months Assessment.

Ordered, That Mr. Amesley do put the Lords in mind of the Votes touching Mr. Peck, and Lancelot Emot the Mardial.

Ordered, That Sir Trevor Williams, a Member of this House, have Leave to go into the Country.

‘Tuesday, 31th > 1660.

Prayers.

Clmon Clerke did this Day take the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, at the Clerk's Table, in order to his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Mr. Thompf a Member of this House, have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

Ordered, That Sir Hickman, Mr. Goodrick, and all the Knights and Burgesses, who serve for the Coun-

ties and Boroughs of Suffolk and Uncolneshire, be added to the Committee, to whom Sir Wm. Wraye's Bill is com* *-mitted.

A Bill for confirming of Sales, made of divers Lands in the County of Salop, by colour of a pretended Act of Parliament, by Sir Robert Howard Knight of the Bath, was this Day read the First time; and, upon the Question, ordered to be read the Second time on Thursday next.

Ordered, That the Bill for the County of Durham, to fend Burgesses to serve in Parliament, be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Edward Turner reports, from the Committee for Privileges and Elections, the same upon the Election of Burgesses to serve for the Borough of Wigan, in the County of Lancaster; that, upon Examination of the Fact, the Committee were of Opinion, that, in regard of the Surprizal of the Freemen by the Mayor's signing of his Return before the Day to which the Court was adjourned, (on which Day of Adjournment many attended, in order to the perfecting of the Election) the former Election is void.

Refilved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the former Election of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Wigan, in the County of Lancaster, is void: And that a new Writ be issued for the new EJedlion of Members to serve for the said Borough: And that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, for preparing a new Writ for the Purpose aforesaid: Which the Lord Chancellor is to issue and pass under the Great Seal of England accordingly.

He also reports, from the said Committee, the same upon the Return for the Borough of Wallingford, in the County of Berks , that, upon Examination of the Fact, it appeared to the Committee, that Thomas Saunders Esquire, who is returned to serve for the said Borough together with *, (concerning the Validity of whose Election there's no Dispute) had a greater Number of Voices than Sir Humphry Bennet the Petitioner; and that therefore the Committee are of Opinion, the said Mr. Saunders is duly elected, and ought to fit in this House.

Refilved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that Mr. Saunders is duly elected to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Wallingford and that he do fit in this House.

He also reports, from the said Committee, the same upon the Return of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Coventrey \ that, upon Examination of the Fact, it appeared to the Committee, that the Persons concerned in the said Election were very numerous-, and that divers Names were doubly polled j and feme Names entered of Strangers and Persons unknown, as also of Almsmen, and others that paid not Scotland Lot; and the Cafes were found so various and perplext, that, after several Sittings, the Committee could make no considerable Progress therein; and that, in

regard of the great Uncertainties that fell out in the several Cafes, as well the Persons returned, as the Petitioners, declared themselves content, that the former Election be set aside and that the Committee were thereupon of Opinion, that the former Election be declared void.

Refilved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the former Election of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Coventree be, and hereby is declared to be, void: And that a new Writ be issued for a new Election: And that Mr. Speaker do

issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, to prepare a Writ for the Purpose aforesaid: Which the Lord Chancellor is to issue and pass under the Great Seal of England accordingly.

4 He

He also reports, from the said Committee, the same Upon the Election for the Borough of , in the County of IWtlts; that, upon Examination of the Fast, it appeared, that no Poll was demanded at the Election; and that the Mayor declared, upon the View, for Robert Aldworth Esquire, who is also returned: And that, altho' some Testimony was offered, that Mr. Norden the Petitioner had Ten more Voices, yet it appeared not Whether they were Persons qualified to elect , and that. Upon the whole Matter, the Committee were of Opinion Mr. Aldworth is duly elected, and ought to fit in this

House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that Mr. Aldworth, who is returned to serve for the Borough of the Devizes., in the County of Wilts, is duly elected, and do fit in this House.

A Message from the Lords, by , Matters of Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to let you know, that they do concur with this House in those Votes sent up Yesterday, concerning the Twenty thousand Pounds for the Charge of his Majesty's Reception.

Another Message from the Lords, by Mr. Justice ‘Tyrrell and Mr. Baron Johnson

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a present Conference with this House in the Painted Chamber, occasioned by a Message, which they received this Morning from his Majesty.

Ordered, That this House do grant a present Conference with the Lords, as is desired.

The Messengers being again called in, Mr. Speaker gave them this Answer;

The House have considered of your Message , and they will presently meet with the Lords in a Conference, as is desired.

Ordered, That Mr. Holies, Mr. Pierrepoht, Sir Anthony Ashley Cooper, and Sir Edward Turner, are appointed to manage this Conference with the Lords.

Mr. Holies reports, " that, at the Conference this Day had with the Lords, the Lord Chancellor told us, that the Conference was desired by the Lords, to the Intent they might manifest their Desires to keep a good Correspondence with this House and that therefore they thought fit to communicate any thing to this House that is Matter of Comfort and Contentment to them: That the Lords are far from using Delays in the Act of Indemnity, now before them; but, in the Disquisition of it, they found some Clauses in it, which they supposed foreign to it, as relating to the King's Profit the King being thereby desired to pass away Things of great Value: That therefore they thought fit to acquaint his Majesty therewith, that they might know his Pleasure; and accordingly had sent a Lord to his Majesty, to represent it to him; and that his Majesty had sent an Answer thereunto in Writing; which was read to us(and therewith the Reporter read it to the House, adding) " After this the Lords said, this filled them with so much Comfort, that they desired this House might have Part in it; and that, when it was read here, it might be returned to them again."

Ordered, That this his Majesty's gracious Message, communicated to this House by the House of Peers, be entered in the Journal of this Book, as a Memorial of his Majesty's Grace and Goodness; and then returned back to the Lords:

Which is as followeth; viz.

CHARLES Rex.

HIS Majesty is very well informed of the Value of those Concessions, which are to pals in the Act of Indemnity, which relate intirely to his Majesty's Profit, and which have little or no Relation to the War. He knows well, that the Arrears of the Wards, the Li-

cences of Alienation, and Alienations without Licence, Purveyance, Respite of Homage, the Arrears of Rent, still in the Hands of the Tenants, and the other Particulars, amount to a great and vast Sum; all which are released and discharged by this Act: But his Majesty is so well satisfied of the good Affection of his House of Commons, and of their Intentions and Rdblutior.s to fetde such a Revenue upon his Majesty, as may preserve the Crown from Want, and from being undervalued by his Neighbours; that he is resolved not to insist upon any Particulars, which the House of Commons desired his Majesty should release. And therefore, as his Majesty thanks the House of Peers for the Information they have given him, and for the Care they have expressed of his Majesty's Profit; so he is well contented, that That Clause shall pass in such manner as the House of Commons hath set down; and continues his earnest Desire, that all Expedition be used in passing the said Act, in the Manner he hath formerly expressed.

Given at Our Court at Whitehall, this Thirtieth Day of July, in the Twelfth Year of Our Reign.

By his Majesty's Command,

Edw. Nicholas.

Ordered, That it be referred to a Committee, to consider of settling such a Revenue on his Majesty, as may maintain the Splendor and Grandeur of his Kingly Office, and preserve the Crown from Want, and from befog undervalued by his Neighbours; and to make a speedy Report to the House; viz. to Mr. Sir

Henage Finch, Mr. Holies, Sir George Downing, Sir Wm. Lewis, Mr. Pierrepont, Sir Henry North, Sir John Hol-

land, Sir Tho. Metres, Sir John Lcwther, Sir Edward Turner, Sir John Temple, Sir Richard Sir An-

thony Irby, Sir John Norlhcot, Sir Anthony Ashley Cooper, Colonel King, Mr. Prynne, Sir Gilb. Gerrard, Sir Solomon Swaile, Sir Horatio Townefend, Mr. Secretary Morrice, Colonel Birch, Sir John Marsham, Colonel Jones, Serjeant Glyn, Sir Christopher Clapham, Sir John Potts, Sir Wm. Doyley, Mr. Crewe, Sir Ralph Hare, Sir John Lord Falkland, Mr. Swinfm, Mr. Goodrick, Sir George Savile, Sir Tho. Widdrir.gton, Mr. Hobart, Se jeant Maynard, Mr. Thurland, Sir George Reeve, Colonel Arundell,

Lord Ancram, Sir John Carter, Sir Dudley North, Sir Edward ManfelL, Sir Edward Deering, Lord Richard-

son. Colonel Howard, Sir Henry Crofts, Mr. Broadruk, Mr. Tonge, Sir Geo. Booth, Lord Herbert, Mr. Vernon, Colonel Hugh Betbell: And they are to meet in the Queen's Court Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, Records, Surveys, and what else may conduce to this Business.

Ordered, That Mr. Hollis, Mr. Annrjlcy, and the other Members of this House, who are of his Majesty's Privy Council, are desired to wait upon his Majesty, and present to him the humble and hearty Thanks of this House, for his gracious Message sent to the Lords, and by them communicated to this House; as also to represent to his Majesty, into what Way the House hath put the settling of a Revenue for his Majesty.

Mr. Shawe reports, from the Committee for regulate-ing the ManufactuFe of Wool, and Navigation, a Resolution of the said Committee;

That the House be moved, that his Majesty be desired forthwith to issue a Proclamation against Transporting or Conveyance of Wool out of England into any foreign Parts, or out of Ireland into any other Countries, except into England-, and to give Order to the Customers, and other Officers of the several Ports in England and Ireland, to take special Care therein -, as also for aft Fullers Earth, and other fcowering Earths whatsoever.

Ordered,

Ordered, That it be recommitted to the same Committee, to draw up an Order upon the present Debate and to report it to the House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, to ifiiie out a a Writ for Election of a Knight for the County of Flynt, and of a Burgess for the Borough of Flynt, to serve in this present Parliament; and that the Lord Chancellor do pass the said Writs under the Great Seal of England.

A Message from the Lords, by Dr. Child and m Two Masters of Chancery *,

Mr. Speaker, Their Lordships desire, that Mr. Henry Seymour, a Member of this House, will appear Tomorrow Morning at the Bar of the Lords House, to answer to some Questions, that shall be demanded of him, touching Colonel Thomplinfon and they desire, that this

House will give Mr. Henry Seymour Leave to appear accordingly.

Resolved, That at the Desire of the Lords, the House do give Leave to Mr. Henry , a Member of

this House, to attend the Lords, if he please, to answer some Questions concerning Colonel

The Messengers were again called in; and Mr. Speaker gave them this Answer;

The House has considered of your Message; and have given Leave to Mr. Henry Seamour to attend the Lords.

Ordered, That the Debate, upon the Bill for taking away the Court of Wards, be adjourned until Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Quorum of the Committee for Sir George Boothe's Bill be Five; and that Colonel Birch be added to that Committee.

Wednesday, August ift, 1660.

Pr ay ers.

/'\Rdered, That Sir Charles , and Sir Richard

Onslow, be added to the Committee for settling the King's Majesty's Revenue.

A Bill for impowering the County and City of Durham to fend Knights and Burgesses to serve in Parliament, was this Day read the Second time.

Ordered, That in the 2d Folio, the 5th, 6th, 7th, and 8th Line, to these Words, " to the," be struck out of the Bill; and that, instead thereof, these Words be inserted, viz. " in like Manner as is usual for the Knights and Citizens to serve for other Counties and Cities in this Kingdom."

Resolved, That the said Bill, lb amended, be ingrossed.

Sir Ralph Knight reports from the Committee, to whom the Business touching Mr. Swaile, and Mr. were referred, the State of the Matter of Fast touching the Monies paid by them to Algernone Sydney Esquire, and Sir Rob. Honnywood: Which was read, and was as followeth; viz.

That by Bill of Exchange, dated in Copenhagen, the 4th of June 1660, Algernone Sydney, and Sir Rob. Honnywood, received of litnoihy Gosse, Six hundred Pounds Sterling, payable at a Month after Sight to Rob. Swale; which was charged upon Thomas Parry; who being Treasurer to the late Council of State for the Contingencies, being not capable to pay the same, refused the Acceptance thereof; the said Council of State being dif-solved before the Presentment thereof.

That by Two Bills of Exchange, both from Copenhagen, the one for Three hundred Pounds, dated the 8 th Day of May 1660; and the other Bill for Four Hundred Pounds, the 4th of June 1660; Algernone Sydney, and Sir Rob. Honnywood, received the several Sums of Three hundred Pounds, and Four hundred Pounds,

Sterling *, of Timothy Gosse, the Bill of Three hundred Pounds at One-and-twenty Days after Sight; and the Bill of Four hundred Pounds, at a Month after Sight, to Win. Eliot -, which was charged upon Thomas Parry; who, being Treasurer to the late Council of State for the Contingencies, being not capable to pay the same, refused the Acceptance thereof; the said Council of State being dissolved before the Presentment thereof.

The Question being propounded, that the several Sums of Six hundred Pounds, and Seven hundred and Four Pounds, mentioned in the said Report, to be paid to Algernone Sydney Esquire, and Sir Rob. Honnywood, be charged upon the Excise in Course, to be paid to the said Rob. Swaile, and Wm. Eliot, or their Assigns respectively;

And the Question being put, that this Question be now put;

It paired with the Affirmative:

And the main Question being put;

The House was divided:

The Yeas went forth.

Sir Solomon Swale,t Tellers for the Yeas: 1 ,,

Sir John Temple, \ With the Yeas, J

Sir John Bowyer, c Tellers for the Noes: 1

Colonel King, I With Noes, J 91

So it passed with the Negative.

Mr. Pryn reports a Bill appointing Commissioners for taking the Accounts, recovering the Arrears, and discovering the Imbezelments, Frauds, and Concealments, of Accomptants, and other publick Officers and Receivers, during the late Troubles and Resolutions: Which was this Day read the First time.

The Question being put, that this Bill be read;

The House was divided;

The Yeas went forth.

Lord Falkland, j Tellers for the Yeas:

Mr. Lee,

Mr. Treavor, Mr. Comewallis,

I With the Yeas,

| Tellers for the Noes:

XI3

131

ocs: I

With the Noes, J So it passed with the Negative.

The Question being propounded, that it be referred to a Committee to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for the nominating of Commissioners in the several Counties, for examining and stating the Accompts of all Treasurers, Receivers, and other Accomptants, within their respective Counties, for any publick Monies by them received, and not intended to be pardoned by the Act of General Pardon and Oblivion; with a Proviso to be therein contained, for Disposal of all such Monies to publick Uses;

And the Question being put, that the Question be

now put;

It passed in the Affirmative:

And the main Question being put; it was Resolved, That it be referred to a Committee, to prepare and bring in a Bill for the nominating of Commissioners in the several Counties, for the examining and stating the Accounts of all Treasurers, Receivers, and other Accomptants, within their respective Counties, for any publick Monies by them received, and not intended to be pardoned by the Act of General Pardon and Oblivion; with a Provilb to be therein contained, for Dtf-polal of all such Monies to publick Uses: And that Mr. Swinfin, Sir John Bowyer, Colonel King, Sir Finch, Sir Walter Earle, Mr. Culliford, Sir Henry North, Mr. Sprey, Serjeant Hales, Colonel Sir John North-cot, Mr. Allen, Sir Wm. Doyley, Mr. Goodrick, Mr. Rainsford, Sir John Marsham, Mr. Charleton, Sir John Lowther, Sir Anthony Irby, Mr. Hales, Sir Rob. Brooke, Mr. Baker, Sir Geo. Downing, Mr. Mr. Den-

nys, Sir Geo. Browne, Sir Christopher Clapham, Mr. Throckmorton, Dr. Boswell, Sir Rich. Temple, Mr. Pryn, Sir Tho. Widdrington, be the Committee; And they are to meet at Two of the Clock Tomorrow in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered,

Here appears some Mistake in the Sums.

Ordered, That Mr. Greg, who intruded himself this Day into the House, be committed to the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That Sir ‘Thomas Player, Receiver General of the Three Months Assessment, of Seventy thousand Pounds by the Month, commencing the Twenty-fourth of last, be, and hereby is, authorized and required to give forth Assignations upon the Receivers and Collectors for the said Assessment, in the several Counties, for the Sum of Forty thousand Pounds, towards satisfying a Months Pay for the Army j and to assign the same upon such Counties, where the Forces are quartered and in such Proportions as shall be limited and appointed by the Committee for the Army: And that the Committee for the Army do take the best care they can to make up and complete the said Forty thousand Pounds, to one full Months Pay for the Army:

That the Lords Concurrence be desired herein: And Colonel Birch is to carry it to the Lords.

Thursday, August 2d, 1660.

Prayers.

fftRdered', That John Big, the Mayor of the City of Bath, and the Aldermen of the said City, be, and hereby are, appointed Commissioners for the said City of Bath, for the Three Months Assessment, after Seventy thousand Pounds by the Month, Commencing the Twenty-fourth of June last; and they are hereby impowered to put in Execution all the Powers of Commissioners for the said Assessment, as to the said City, in the same Sort and Manner, a! if they had been particularly named in the Ordinance of the Lords and Commons in this present Parliament assembled; whereby the Payment of the said Three Months Assessment is ordained and appointed.

A Bill to enable John Newton the younger, to fell Lands for Payment of his Debts, was this Day read the Second time; and, upon the Question, committed to Mr. Pryn, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Edthard Stephens, Mr. Pur Jell, Mr. Lucy, Mr. Goodrich, Mr. Mr. Mallet, Mr. Tho. Jones, Colonel West, Mr. Hall, Sir John

Dawney, Sir Darcy, Sir Wm. Hickman, Mr. Newton, Mr. Okeley, Colonel Jones, Mr. Minors, Mf. Thomas, Sir Thomas Middleton, Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. Gape, Mr. Knightley, Sir John Northcot, and the Knights and Burgesses of Shropshireand Montgomeryshire: And that all

Parties concerned be lent for and examined, as to the Ground of the Debt mentioned in the Bill: And they are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber Tomorrow in the Afternoon *, and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, Witnesses, and what else may conduce to the Business,

A Bill appointing a perpetual Anniversary of publick Thanksgiving to God, on the Twenty-ninth Day of May, for ever, for the King's Majesty's Return and Restoration without Blood, and the great Mercies and Blessings extended to these Kingdoms thereby, was this Day read the Second time j and, upon the Question, committed to Sir Waller Earle, Mr, Chafe, Mr. Pryn, Sir John Northcot, Mr. Trelawney, Mr. Edward Stephens, Serjeant Littleton, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Holies, Mr. AlleSir Ralph Ashton, Lord Falkland, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir John Lowther, Colonel King, Colonel West, Mr. Charlton, Sir Tho. Middleton, Lord Angier, Sir Wm. Doyley, or any Five of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon in the Speaker's Chamber.

The humble Petition of Sir Robert Byron Knight was read.

Mr. Holies reports the State of the Debts upon the Navy, as it was represented to his Majesty Yesterday at the Council-Board; and that, among other Inconveniencies lying upon the Navy, Twenty-four Ships do

lie in Harbour at Wages and Vittual, through Want of Money to pay them off; which amounts to Ninety-four thousand Pounds; By the not Payment whereof, there is a growing Charge of about Sixteen thousand Pounds Monthly.

Ordered, That it be referred to a Committee to examine the Debts of the Navy and Army, and other publick Debts of the Kingdom, which concern the Parliament in Honour and Justice to take care of -, and to state the same , and report them to this House; viz. to Mr. Pryn, Sir George Browne, Colonel Birch, Sir John -cot, Mr. Annejley, Lord Angier, Mr. Powell, Mr. Swinfin, Mr. Sprey, Mr. Holies, Sir John Bowyer, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Wm. Doyley, Sir Anthony Aucber, Mr. Eltifon, Mr. Dowdeswetl, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Anth. Ashley Cooper, Lord Kildare, Mr. Secretary Morris, Sir Rich. Broome, Sir John Lowther, Mr. Culliford, Mr. Mr.

Mallet, Sir John Clobery, Sir John Holland, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Grove, Mr. Boderda, Mr. Reames, Sir John Mar-sham, Colonel West, Mr. Lowther, Sir Edw. Turner, Mr. Ennis, Colonel King, Mr. Knight, Sir John Carter, Mr. Clifford, Sir Wm. Lewis, Sir John Temple, Mr. 1Bampfeild, Mr. Whitehead, Colonel Jones, Mr. Goodyeare, Sir John Dawney, Mr. Powell, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Mr.

Charlton, Mr. Henley, or any Five of them: And all the Merchants, Members of this House, are of this Committee: And they are to meet in the Afternoon in the Queen's Court; and so de die in diem: And Colonel Birch is to take care of it: And with Power to fend for Accompts, Muster-Rolls, Persons, Papers, Witnesses, and what else may conduce to this Business.

Amendments sent from the Lords to the Bill for Poll-Money wefe read.

And the First Amendment, in the 54th line of the 3d Skin, being read the First and Second time, touching omitting the Clause for Popish Recusants, and other Persons who refuse to take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, to pay double to what others of their Degrees pay;

Resolved, That this House doth adhere to that Clause, as it stands in the Bill.

The next Clause in the said Amendments, touching Names of Commissioners for the Cinque Ports, with a Schedule ingrossed of Commissioners Names, was read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee to whom it is referred to draw up Heads for a Conference with the Lords, to make This an Head for a Conference , " the irregular fending of Amendments from the Lords, ingrossed in Parchment, and affixed to the Bill."

Resolved, That this House doth adhere to this Part of the Bill, as it was sent to the Lords , and that the ingrossed Amendment be laid aside, — —

Ordered, That the Lords Concurrence be desired to the Order for conferring Ten thousand Pounds on Sit' George Booth.

Colonel Birch is appointed to carry it to the Lords.

And he carried the said Order; and the Order for Forty thousand Pounds for the Army j to the Lords: And he is to put the Lords in mirid of the Order concerning Mr* Peck and the Marshal, formerly sent to the Lords. —

The Third Amendment, for putting Out the Mayor and Bailiffs, for the Five Ports, for the Time being, was read.

Resolved, That this House doth adhere to this Clause, to stand as formerly.

The Fourth Amendment, for putting out Mark -mas, arid Thomas Palmer, was read.

Resolved, That this House doth adhere to this Clause, to stand as formerly.

The Fifth Amendment in the 12 th Line of the 25th Skin, for the inferring of these Words, " other than the Peers of this Realm," was read:

And, upon the Question put, to agree to this Amendment)

It palfed with the Negative.

E e Th©

The Sixth Amendment in the Twenty-sixth Line of the Twenty-fifth Skin, for inferring, among other Alterations, these Words, viz. " in this present Act mentioned, and no other, as by Order of the Lords, and Commons, or of such Persons as they shall authorize thereunto, shall be appointed and directed," instead of other Words in the said Amendment mentioned, was read.

Resolved., That this House doth agree with the Lords in this Amendment.

The First Proviso, to this Bill affixed, sent down by the Lords, was read; viz. " That if any of the Peers be assessed higher than according to his or their Rank or Degree, particularly expressed in this Act, they shall be assessed by the House of Peers, or such as the House of Peers shall appoint, and not otherwise."

The Question being put, to agree to this Proviso;

It passed with the Negative.

ITie last Proviso, sent down by the Lords to this Bill, was read, viz. " That his Majesty's Royal Afient to this Bill shall not determine the present Session of Parliament"; and, upon the Question, laid aside.

The Amendments of additional Names for the County of Bedford, sent down by the Lords, were read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The additional Names for the County of,

sent down by the Lords, were read.

Ordered, That the said Lift: be referred to the Gentlemen of the County of Cornwall, Members of this House; to consider of the said Lift, to the Intent that such of these Commissioners named, as there is no just Exception against, may Hand.

The Question being put, to agree to the said Commissioners Names for the County of , sent

down by the Lords,

It patted with the Negative.

The Commissioners Names for Kent, London, Lincolneshire

shire, Shropshire, Warwickshire, City of

minster, and County of Northu, sent down by the Lords, were read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto; except only the Name of Mr. Richard named for the County of Warwick; which was omitted by Order, upon the Question.

Resolved, That Rich. Kempjonnamed a Commissioner

in the County of Warwick, be omitted.

Ordered, That the said Names, agreed unto, and the Amendments, agreed unto, be ingossed in the Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. William Oakeley, Mr. Henry Beth ell, and Mr. Devereux, Members of this House, have Leave to go into the Country.

Resolved, That Tomorrow Morning the Debate upon the Bill for the Court of Wards be resumed, the next Business, after the Business of the Poll- Bill is dispatched.

Friday, August 3d, 1660.

Prayers.

ffRdered, That Mr. John Fa, a Member of this House, have Leave to go into the Country.

A Bill for Maintenance of the Vicar of , and

his Successors, was this Day read the Second time , and, upon the Question} committed to the Committee, to whom the Bill for Harwich is committed: And that Mr. Pryn, Sir Anthony Irby, Mr. Crowtch, Sir Lancelot Lake, Mr. Mallet, Sir Walter Earle, Sir John Northcot, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Rainsford, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Chafe, and the Knights and Burgesses of Hertfordshire and Cambridgeshire, be added to that Committee.

Ordered, That the Bill, touching Persons who have bought Offices, be read Tomorrow Morning,

Sir Edward Turner reports, from the Committee for Privileges and Elections, the same upon the Election for the Borough of Camilford in the County of Cornwall; that,

upon Examination of the Fast, it appeared, that the Freemen and Inhabitants have the Right of Election; and that, comparing the Number of Votes given to Henry Nicholas Esquire, who is returned by one Indenture, and to Wtn. Cotton Esquire, who is returned by another Indenture, the Committee found Mr. Nicholls had a greater Number of the Votes of Freemen than Mr. Cotton; but it was objected, on Mr. Cotton's Part, that divers of the Voices given to Mr. Nicholls were such as paid not Scotland Lot, and therefore had not Right to vote; and, upon hearing of Testimony given in that Behalf, were of Opinion, that Mr. Cotton had a greater Number of Votes of such as paid Scotland Lot than Mr. Nicholls, after Deduction of such Votes for him as paid not Scotland Lot; and that therefore Mr. Cotton was duly elected, and ought to fit in this House.

The Question being propounded, that this House doth agree with the Committee, that Mr. Cotton is duly elected to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Camilford in the County of Coand do fit in this House;

The House was divided:

And the Noes went forth.

Mr Herbert, C Tellers for the Noes:} ,

Mr. Annejley, I With the Noes, i 9

Lord Angier, t Tellers for the Yeas:}

Sir Rich. Temple, ( With the Yeas, 5 103

And so it was

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that Mr. Cotton is duly elected to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Camilsford, in the County of Cornwall, and do fit In this Floufe.

Resolved, That it be referred to the Committee for Privileges and Elections, to examine the Faff as to the Return of Members to serve in this present Parliament-for the Borough of Helflon, in the County of Cornwall; and to report the same to this Committee,

Colonel Birch reports, that he did, according to the Command of this House, carry the Two Orders to the Lords; the one touching paying Forty thousand Pounds for the Army, upon Assignation:

To that the Lords do agree:

To the other, touching Sir George Booth, the Lords returned Answer, that they would ipeedily take it into Consideration:

That he did put the Lords in mind of the Order touching Mr. Peck and the Marshal; to which the Lords answer, they will fend Answer, in convenient Time, by Meflfengers of their own.

Colonel Birch reports a Bill for Excise; which was this Day read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time on Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Debate upon the Bill for taking away the Court of Wards be resumed Tomorrow Morning, the first Business, nothing to intervene.

A Message from the Lords, by Dr. Child and *, Matters of Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, the Lords have considered of a Vote of this House, concerning the conferring of Ten thousand Pounds upon Sir George Booth: And they do concur with you therein; and desire, that it may be entered of the Excise, and paid to him.

The Lords have sent you a Bill, intituled, An Act towards the Reparation and Satisfaction to be made unto John Lord St. John of Basing, Earl of and

Marquis of Winchester, out of the Manors and Lands of Rob. Wallop Esquire, and Sir Thomas Jervoics Knight, deceased, for the Sum of Nineteen thousand Pounds, and

Damages

Damages for the same given unto them, by the late pretended Parliament, out of the said Marquis of s

Estate: To which the Lords desire your Concurrence.

The House being informed, that divere Aldermen of the City of London were at the Door, they were called in j and Sheriff Bateman, addressing himself to Mr. Speaker,

laid j

I am commanded by the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of L, in Common Council assembled, to present a Petition to this Honourable House:

And, having made some Apology for the Length of it, delivered the Petition:

Which (after the Petitioners were withdrawn) was read; and was intituled. The humble Petition and Remonstrance of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of , in Common Council assembled.

Ordered, That this Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for Naturalization is committed; and that Sir Win. Wild, Sir John Frederick, Sir George Downing, Mr. Allen, Sir Richard Browne, Mr.

ElliJ'on, Sir Capell Luckiti, Mr. Proby, Sir Edw. ing. Sir Allen Broadrick, Mr. Richbell, Mr. Pryn, Sir John Lowther, Mr. Dallifon, Sir George How, and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe, be added to that Committee.

The Petitioners being again called in, Mr. Speaker gave them this Answer *,

Gentlemen, The House hath read your Petition; and referred it to a Committee: And, upon their Report, will determine thereupon what shall be fitting.

Saturday, August 4 % 1660.

Prayers.

ORdered, That Mr. Dennis, a Member of this House, have Leave to go into die Country.

Resolved, That Serjeant Wilde do forthwith deliver up to Sir Wm. Lewis, a Member of this House, a Discharge remaining in his Hands, which was heretofore given to Sir John Lenthall, Marshal of the King's Bench, by John Williams, Wm. Jones, "Thomas Williams, John Morgan, Hugh Thomas, Commissioners for an Assessment levied in the County of Brecon for Five hundred-Eighty-eight Pounds, Part of the said Assessment received by Thomas Games, then a Prisoner in the Custody of the said Marshal for the said Sum* which Release did after come to the Hands of the said Serjeant Wilde, as Chairman of a Committee in one of the late Conventions, upon a Complaint to the said Committee relating to the said Debt to the Intent Sir Wm. Lewis may make use thereof, as shall be meet for die Service of the said County.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, or his Deputy, do forthwith seize and secure certain Goods of Value, which, as the House is informed, being lately imported, were privately conveyed up into a Creek near Bow, and lodged at a Merchant's House there, upon Design to defeat his Majesty of the Custom; and that he summon the Merchant, at whose House they are lodged, to attend a Committee of this House, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in Mr. Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee for his Majesty's Revenue to examine this Business, and report the Fact to this House.

A Bill for -enabling Sir Robert Dallifon to fell Lands for Payment of Debts was this Day read the Firifc: time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Sepond time on Wednesday next.

X

A Bill for reducing the Interest of Money lent to Six per Cent, for a Year, was read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time on Wednesday next.

A Bill for incorporating the Mailer and Wardens of the Company of Halerdafhers London, to be Governors of the Free-School and Alms-houses in Newport in the County of Salop, of the Foundation of Wm. Adams, and for settling of Lands and Possessions on them for Maintenance thereof, and other charitable Uses, was this Day read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time on Tuesday next.

Colonel King reports Amendments to the Bill for appointing a Committee for the Army, and Treasurers aC War i which he first read in his Place, and were, after, twice read by the Clerk; and, upon the Question, agreed unto j and ordered to be ingrossed.

The House this Day resumed the Debate upon the Bill for taking away the Court of Wards, and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service.

Resolved, That it be referred to a select Committee, to take Consideration upon the whole Debate of this House, of all Rates, and what else shall be offered to them s and thereupon to apportion a Rate upon the several Counties as equally and indifferently as they pof-sibly can, according to the Trust reposed in them by this House, for the raising of One hundred thousand Pounds per Ann. to be settled on his Majesty, in Compensatiojn for Wardships, and Liveries, and the Court of Wards *, apd to report the same to the House.

Resolved, That the Members of this House, who are of his Majesty's Privy Council, be the said Committee: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House adjourns itself till Monday Morning Eight of Clock.

Monday, August 6th, 1660.

Pr AYE RS.

Icholas Owdart Esquire came up to the Clerk's Table* and did there take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, in order to his Naturalization.

Memorandum, This Day the Clerk of this House did present an Inventory of all the Records, Books, Papers, Indentures, and Writings, in the Keeping of Mr. John Phelpes, belonging to the Publick, and remaining in the House of the said John Phelpes, being taken according to former Order of the Twenty-third of May 1660 j as also tie Keys of the Rooms, where some of them are disposed, according to another Order of the same Day.

Ordered, That the Books, Papers, Deeds, Evidences, Indentures, and Writings, heretofore in the Keeping of Mr. John Phelpes, and whereof an Inventory was this Day presented to the House, do remain in the Custody of the Clerk of this House, and be safely kept by him. And it is further ordered, that Mr. Rich have Liberty to peruse or inspect the lame, as he shall have Occasion, for the publick Service.

Resolved, That this House doth approve of what the Serjeant at Arms attending this House hath done, in taking good Security of all the respective Persons committed to his Custody, who lat in the late pretended High Court of Justice, when Sentence of Death was pronounced against the late King Charles, of blessed Memory,

according

according to a List now given in, and remaining with the Clerk of this House.

Mr. Rainsford reports, from the Grand Committee

upon the Bill of Sales, several Votes of the fad Grand Committee; which were read, and were as followeth,

viz.

Resolved, That the Direction of the House be.desired, what Satisfaction shall be given to the Purchasers of the King's Lands, and Queen's Jointure.

Resolved., by the said Grand Committee, That divers Leases are made by Ecclesiastical Persons, now that they have the Bill under Consideration; and that the Direction of the House be prayed in if.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this House, that all Archbishops, Bishops, Deans, Deans and Chapters, Prebends, and other Ecclesiastical Persons, be restrained from making any Leases or Grants of any the Lands, Rectories, or Tithes, or other Profits belonging to any their Offices or Churches, until the Bill for Sales, now depending before this House, receive Determination.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill to that Purpose: And that Serjeant Maynard, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Men, Sir Tho. Widdrington, Sir Henage Finch, Mr. CharletonSerjeant , Sir Edward 'Turner, Mr. Goodrich, Serjeant Mr.

feild, Mr. Rainsford, or any Three of them, be the said

Committee: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning in the Speaker's Chamber.

Resolved, That it be referred to the Grand Committee, to whom the Bill for Sales is committed, to receive Proposals from any the Purchasers of the Estates of Bishops, and others, Ecclesiastical Persons, and from any the Ecclesiastical Persons themselves, or from any others; touching Satisfaction to be given to the Purchasers of any publick Lands; and, on Consideration thereof, to report their Opinion to the House.

Resolved, That it be referred to the said Grand Committee, to cenlider of settling a competent Maintenance and Encouragement out of any impropriate or appropriate Rectories whatsoever, belonging to Ecclesiastical Persons, for those who shall officiate in the Cures of such Rectories.

Ordered, That the Members of this House, who are of his Majesty's Privy Council, do meet this Afternoon, in order to the apportioning of the One hundred thousand Pounds per Ann. mentioned in the Order of Saturday last.

The House being informed, that Win. Ayloffe and Ayloffe have come into the publick Office in street, where the Record-Books and Surveys relating to Bishops, and Deans and Chapters Lands, are kept for his Majesty's Service, and the Publick; and put the Petitioners out of Possession, sealing up the Doors, breaking open the Locks of several Rooms, where the Records are, and possessing themselves of the Key of the Door belonging to the Treasury, and are daily ransacking amongst them, to the great Prejudice of Thousands of Persons concerned therein , and by the transferring and misplacing whereof, a perfect Account to his Majesty, and this House, touching the fame, will be disabled;

Ordered, That Wm. Ayloffe and Ayloffe do forthwith return back all Books, Writings, and Evidences, found by them in the publick Office relating to the Sale of Bishops, and Deans and Chapters Lands, in,

with the Office itself, to the Hands and Custody of the Officers, who formerly had the same in Charge; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do fee the same done accordingly.

Tuesday, August 7th, 1660.

Prayers.

f\Rdered, That Sir Thomas Thyn, a Member of this House, have Leave to go into the Country.

The humble Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Inhabitants of his Majesty's Borough of New Windsor, in the County of Berks, was read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Justices of Peace, to take care of the poor Women and Children, who are commanded out of the Castle of New Windsor, to dispose of the said Women and Children according to Law.

Ordered, That Mr. Aloffe have Leave to proceed to fort the Books, Papers, Writings, and Evidences, touching the Lands of Archbishops, Bishops, Deans and Chapters, remaining at the Office in in the

Presence of the Officers, to whose Charge they are committed, and with their Assistance, without removing any of them out of the said Office-, and that all the said Writings, Books, Papers, and Evidences, do still remain and continue in the said Office, until this House take further Order: And the Officers are to take care, that they be not removed out of the said Office, but continued there accordingly.

A Bill for Confirmation of Conveyances of Land, made by Sir Rob. Howard, by virtue of a pretended Act of Parliament, was this Day read the Second time; and, upon the Question, committed unto Sir John Evelyn of Surrey, Sir Anthony Irby, Sir Wm. Wild, Mr.

Mr. Annejley, Mr. Charlton, Serjeant Hales, Sir Henage Finch, Mr. Rainsford, Lord Herbert, Colonel Edw. Harley, Mr. Sherrard, Mr. Bampfeild, Sir Rich. , Mr. Hinfon, alias Powell, Mr. Newton, Mr. Cox, Mr.

Rich. Lewis, Sir Wm. Waller, Mr. Grey, Mr. Doddef-well, Sir Edward Turner, Sir Edmund Bowyer, Serjeant Glyn, Mr. Chasse, Mr. Throckmorton, Mr Hall, Mr. El-

lifon, Mr. Tong, Sir Geo. Mr. Hungerford,

Colonel Archer, Sir John Lowther, Mr. Hide, Mr. New-

ton, Mr. Buller, Mr. Barnard, Major Harley, and all the Knights and Burgesses of

and Worcestershire: And they are to meet, in the Duchy-Court, Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Two of Clock: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, Witnesses, and what else may conduce to the Business.

The Amendments to the Poll- Bill, formerly agreed unto, being ingrofifed in Parchment, were this Day read.

Ordered, That the Schedule of Names for the Cinque Ports, affixed to the Bill for Poll-Money by the Lords, be taken off.

And the Clerk took the same off accordingly. And it was sent to the Lords in its Place, fevered from the Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Annejley do carry this Bill to the Lords.

Ordered, That the Lords be put in mind, by Mr. Annejley, of the several Bills sent to the Lords -, viz.

The Act of General Pardon, Indemnity, and Oblivion.

The Act for Confirmation of judicial Proceedings.

The Act for Confirmation of Magna Charta, and Privileges of Parliament, i£c: And

The Declaration to put the Acts in Execution against Popish Priests and Jesuits:

And to desire the Lords to give Dispatch to them.

Mr. Annejley brings Answer, that he delivered the Poll- Bill, with the Amendments, to the Lords.

A Bill, intituled, An Act for Excise, was this Day read the Second time.

Ordered, That this House be resolved into a Grand Committee upon this Bill Tomorrow, at Ten of the Clock.

4 Ordered,

12 Car. II. Journals of the House of Commons. 115

Ordered, That a Clause, or Proviso, be added to the Bill of Excise, to charge the Debts due to Sir Richard ferowne, and Sir Edward Mupon the Excise, in Course; viz. Sir Richard Browne's, in such Manner as by Act of Parliament, the 15th of March last, was directed; and Sir Edward Majfeye's, according to the Order

or Orders of this House.

Ordered, That the Committee for publick Debts do fit this Afternoon; and so de die in

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Dacre's Petition be referred to the Committee for publick Debts} to examine the Matter of Fact , and report it, with their Opinion, to this House.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Excise is referred, to consider of the humble Petition and same of the Inhabitants of Northwich, and Leftwich, in the County of

Chester, on the Behalf of themselves, and others of the Owners of Salt-works, and Salt-makers, within the said County, and the County of Flint , who are to consider thereof; as also of the whole Manufacture of Salt in Lan-cashire, and other Parts of this Nation f and to report their Opinion to this House.

Ordered, That the humble Petition of the Mayor, Sheriffs, Citizens, and Commonalty of the City of Norwich, be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Excise is referred *, to consider thereof, and report their Opinion to the House.

Sir Alim Broadrick communicates to the House a Message from his Majesty: Which he was desired to reduce into Writing: And was accordingly delivered by him in Writing, and is as followeth;

" I was commanded by his Majesty to inform this House, that his Majesty had written to the severalBilhops, Deans, and Chapters, not to let Leases of any impropriate Tythes, till Maintenance were settled on the several vicarages, or Curates Places, where no Vicarages were endowed, to the Value of Fourscore Pounds per Annum, or more."

He also presents one of his Majesty's Letters, to the Purport aforesaid: Which was read and is as followeth:

CHARLES, Rex.

AS nothing is more in Our Desires, than to provide, that the Church of ,under Our

Reign, may be furnished with a religious, learned, sober, modest, and prudent Clergy , so We are ready to give Encouragement to their Labours and Studies, in their several Degrees and Stations; that they may give Check to all Profaneness and Superstition; and do zealously affect to remove all Scandal and Reproach from then?, and their Calling. Conceiving, therefore, a competent Maintenance to be a necessary Encouragement; and that all other Persons, who have Power to dispose of Tythes, may be invited to cherish learned and godly Ministers; We do resolve, that because, where Tythes have been appropriated to the Support , of Bishops, Deans, and Chapters, Collegiate Churches and Colleges, and other single Persons, they have not taken due Care to provide and ordain sufficient Maintenance for the Vicars of the respective Places, or for the Curates, where Vicarages were not endowed , to settle, for the future, feme good Addition and Increase on such Vicarages, and Curates Places. Our Will therefore is, that, therefore, forthwith, Provision be made for the Augmentation of all such Vicarages and Cures, where the Tythes and Profits are appropriated to you and your Successors, in such Manner, that they who are immediately attending upon the Performance of Ministerial Offices in every Parish, may have a competent Portion out of every Rectory impropriate to your See. And, to this End, Our further Will

is, that no Lease be granted, of any Redories Or Parsonages belonging to your See, belonging to you, or your Successors, until you shall provide, that the respective Vicarages, or Curates Places, where are no VicarageS endowed, have so much Revenue in Glebe Tythes* or other Emoluments, as commonly will amount to Fourscore Pounds per Annum, or more, if it will bear it , and in good Form of Law settled upon them, and their Successors: And, where the Redories are of small Value, and cannot admit of such Portion to the Vicar and Curate Our Will is, that one Half of the Profits of such Rectory be reserved for the Maintenance of the Vicar or Curate: And if any Leases or Grants of such forenamed Redories have been made by you, since the First Day of June last past} and you did not ordain competent Augmentations of the Vicarages or Cures in the respective Places; Our Will is, that, out of the Fines which you have received, or are to receive, you do add such Increase to the Vicars and Curates, as is agreeable to the Rates and Proportions formeily mentioned. And Our further Will is, that you do employ your Authority and Power, which fry Law belongeth to you, as Ordinary, for the Augmentation of Vicarages, and Stipends of Curates; and that you do with Diligence proceed,. in due Form of Law, for the raising and establishing convenient Maintenance for those who attend holy Duties in Parochial Churches: And if any Prebendary in any Church, the Corps of whole Prebend consists of , Tythes, shall not observe these Our Commands; then We require you, or the Dean of that Church, to use all due Means in Law, where you or he hath Power, to compel them; or otherwise, that you report to the Bishop of the Diocese, where the said Corps do lie, that he may interpose his Authority for the fulfilling this Our Order: And if any Dean* or Dean arid Chapter, or any that holdeth any Dignity or Prebend in that Cathedral, do not observe these Our Commands j that you call them before you, and fee this Our Will obeyed: And if you, or any Bishop, do not their Duty, either in their own Grants, or in seeing others to do it, then We will, that, upon Complaint* the Archbishop of the Province fee all performed, according to this Our Declaration, Will, and Pleasure. And, whereas there are divers Rural Prebends, where the Vicarages are not sufficienrly endowed } We require you to fee, that these Our Commands be fully observed by them. And We do declare Our Will and Pleasure, in all the Particulars fore-cited, to be, that if you, or any of your Successors, or any Dean, or Dean and Chapter, of that Our Cathedral Church, or any other Person, holding any Office, Benefice, or Prebend in the fame, do, or shall, refuse or omit to observe these Our Commands j We shall judge' them unworthy of Our future Favour, whensoever any Preferment Ecclesiastical shall be desired from them by Us. And, lastly. Our Will and Command is, that you and your Successors do, at or before the First Day of October, in every Year, render an Account to the Archbishop of how these Our Orders and

Commands are observed , and the Archbishop may afterwards represent the same unto Us.

By his Majesty's Command,

Edm. Nicholas.

Ordered, That the Members of this House, who are of his Majesty's Privy-Council, and Sir Allen Broadrick, do present to his Majesty the humble Thanks of this House, for his gracious Message this Day, communicated by Sir Allen Broadrick , and the great Joy they take in the Goodness and Favour therein expressed to his People.

Resolved, That the Committee, to whom the preparing of a Bill for restraining the granting Leases by Ecclesiastical, Persons do hasten the perfecting thereof* and that theylikewife prepare, and bring in, another Bill taking notice, in the Preamble thereof, of the Substance Ff of

t»f his Majesty's Mtfiage, this Day communicated; and making Provision, pursuant thereunto, for settling a competent Maintenance out of Impropriations and Appropriations, for the Persons who shall officiate the Cure in such Redories: And that Sir Henage Finch do take care hereof.

Ordered, That a Copy of his Majesty's Letter, this Day read, be delivered to Sir He

Whereas by an Order of the late Council of State, dated 20th April 1660, Order was taken for the paying, at the Receipt of Exchequer, by the Moiety of the Ex-cife of Beer, Ale, Perry, Cyder, and Metheglin, to Edward Backwall Alderman of the City of the

Sum of Four thousand Eight hundred Pounds, to be by him remitted to Dunkirk, for the Pay of the Forces of that Garrison , upon which Order there was paid, towards the said Sum of Four thousand Eight hundred Pounds, the Sum of Three thousand Seven hundred Seventy-four Pounds Seventeen Shillings and a Peny, and no more, according to a Certificate under the Hand of Sir Rob. Pye, Auditor of the Receipt of Exchequer, dated *he Tenth of July last; and so there remains unpaid, jto complete the same, the Sum of One thousand Twenty-five Pounds Two Shillings Eleven-pence: And whereas by another Order of the said Council of State, dated -17th May 1660, Order is taken for paying, at the (kid Receipt, to the said Alderman Edward 7, for the

Life aforesaid, the further Sum of Four thousand Eight hundred Pounds , of which the said Sir Rob. , by his Certificate, dated the Tenth of July last, certifies no Part to be paid:

Ordered, That the said Residue of the first Four thou-'(and Eight hundred Pounds, viz. One thousand Twenty-five Pounds Two Shillings Eleven-pence, and the said second Four thousand Eight hundred Pounds, both ^amounting to Five thousand Eight hundred Twenty-five -Pounds Two Shillings Eleven-pence, be paid at the said Receipt of Exchequer to the said Alderman well, or his Assigns , in full Satisfaction of the said Orders, to the Use therein expressed ;-'and that the said Sir Rob. Pye, and all other Officers of the said Receipt, whom the same concerns, do take care, in their respective -Places, 'that the same be paid accordingly, out of the Money coming into the said Receipt by the Moiety of the said Excise. And this Order, together with the said Alderman Backweirs Acquittance, shall be a-diffident . Discharge to the Person or Persons who shall pay the -fame.

Wednesday, August 8th, 1660.

Prayers.

A Bill, mgrofled, impowering the County and City 6f j[~\. Durham to elect and (end Knights and Burgesses to serve in Parliament, was this Day read the Third time; and, upon the Question, passed.

.That Mr. Ellison do carry it to the Lords.

Resolved, That the Title of the said Bill be. An Act to enable the County of Durham to fend Knights, and the City of Durham to fend Burgesses, to serve in Parliament.

A Bill for incorporating of the Matter and Wardens -of the Company of Haberdashers, London, to be Governors of the Free-School and Alms-houses in Newport, in the County of Salop, of the Foundation of Win. Adams, and for settling of Lands and Possessions on them for ;-Maintenance thereof, and other charitable Uses, was this -Day read the Second time; and, upon the Question, . committed unto Sir Walter Earle, Mr. Mynors, Sir An-

.thonyJrby, Mr. Lowther, Six Solomon Swale, Mr. Streete, Sir Menage Finch,.Mr. Tompkins, Lord Angier, Mr. 'JPierrepont, Mr. Bamfeild, Mr. Colonel King,

Serjeant Hales, Mr. Ellison, Mr. Sir Roger

Bradshaw, Serjeant Glyn, Sir John Northcot, Mr. Shawt, Sir Norton Knatchbull, Mr. Chafe, Mr. Powell, Mr; Whitmore, Sir Gilb. Gerrard, Mr. Charlton, Mr. tague, and the Knights and Burgesses of Shropshire: And are to meet at Two of Clock this Afternoon, in the: Speaker's Chamber: And Mr. Charlton is to take care' hereof.

Whereas by an Order of the late Council of State, dated 20th April 1660, Order was taken for paying, at the Receipt of Exchequer, by the Moiety of the Excise of Beer, Ale, Perry, Cyder, and Metheglin, to Edward Backwell, Alderman of the City of London, the Sum of Four thousand Eight hundred Pounds, to be by him re. mitted to Dunkirk, for the Pay of the Forces of that Garrison; upon which Order there was paid, towards the said Sum of Four thousand Eight hundred Pounds, the Sum of Three thousand Seven hundred Seventy-four* Pounds -Seventeen Shillings and a Peny, and no more, according to a Certificate under the Hand of Sir Rob. Pye, Auditor of the Receipt of Exchequer, dated the Tenth of July last; and so there remains unpaid, to complete the -fame, the Sum of One thousand Twenty-five Pounds Two Shillings Eleven-pence: And whereas by' another Order of the said Council of State, dated 17th May 1660, Order is taken for the paying, at the said Receipt, to the said Alderman Edward Backwell, for the Use aforesaid, the further Sum of Four thousand Eight hundred Pounds; of which the said Sir Rob. Pye, by hii Certificate, dated the Tenth of July last, certifies no Part to be paid: "

Ordered, That the said Residue of the first Four thou* (and Eight hundred Pounds, One thousand Twenty* five Pounds Two Shillings Eleven-pence, and the said second Four thousand Eight hundred Pounds, both amounting to Five thousand Eight hundred Twenty-five Pounds Two Shillings Eleven-pence, be charged upon the Moiety of the Excise of Beer and Ale, and ‘be forthwith paid, by the Commissioners of Excise for the Time being, to Edward Backwell, Alderman of the City of London: And this Order, together with Alderman Edward Backwell his Acquittance, testifying the Receipt thereof, shall be, to the said Commissioners of Excise, a sufficient Warrant and Discharge.

Ordered, That the Act sent from the Lords, touching John Lord St. John, be read Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for making good of Marriages, contrafted between the Day of by any Justice of Peace,

was this Day read the First and Second time; and, upost the Question, committed to Mr. Tompkins, Mr. Pryn, Sir Walter Earle, Serjeant Hales, Mr. Swinfin, Mr.

Bampfeild, Sir Anthony Cope, Mr. Lowther, Sir Lancelot Lake, Sir Tho. Dacres , Mr. Shaw, Mr. Sir

Middleton, Mr. Rains ford, Mr. Bulkley, Mr.

Colonel West, Dr. Mylls, Mr. Butter Mr. Stockdale, Serjeant Glyn, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Tho. Bludworth, Mr. Hungerford, Colonel King, Sir John Lowther, Mr. Chafe, M.r. Ellifton, Sir Homage FinSir Wm. Wheeler,

Mr. Tong, - Mr. Hall, Mr. Dennys, Sir Roger,

Mr. Minors, Colonel Gerrard, Mr. Mountague, Sir George Marsham, Mr. Gwyme: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for Confirmation of Leases and Grants made by Matters, Heads, and Fellows, and Deans, and Canons of Colleges, or Collegiate Churches, and the Matters and Fellows of Eaton and Winchester, and Matters and Governors of divers Hospitals, was this Day read the First and Second time; and, upon the Question, committed to the same Committee, to whom the Bill touching Marriages is committed: And that Mr. Streete, Mr. Charlton, Sir Anthony Irby, Mr. Allen, Serjeant Haley, Mr. Grove, Mr. Hall, Mr. Elly at. Lord Herbert,

Colonel

il Car* II. Journals*?/the House of Commons/ ttf

Colonel Gerrard, Mr. Huxley, Lord Bruce, Mr.

Sir Gilb. Gerrard, and the Members that serve for the U/iiverfities, and for Winchester, be added to that Committee.

A Bill for reducing the Loan of Money to Six Pounds per Cent, was this Day read the Second time; and, upon the Question, committed to Mr. Stephens, Sir Earle, Sir Gilb. Gerrard, Mr. Knight, Mr. Spry, Lord Falkland, Lord Herbert, Sir Geo. Sir Tho. Rich,

Mr. Brewer ton. Colonel Jones, Sir Geo. Mr.

Readies, Sir Anthony Irby, Sir Sir Wm.

Hickman, Sir Wilfrid Lawjon, Mr. How, Serjeant Hales,

Mr. Lucy, Mr. Stewart, Lord Kildare, Sir Geo. Booth, Sir Tho. Bludworth, Mr. Stephens, Sir Lancelot Lake,

Mr. Allen, Mr. Bryn, Mr. Charlton, Colonel King, Sir Norton Knatchbull, Mr. Prymte, Mr. Stanhope, Colonel Birch, Mr. Knightley, Mr. Culliford, Mr. Mallet, Mr. Lowther, Sir Rich. 'Temple, Mr. Fowell, Mr. Ellifton, Sir John Lowther, Mr. Willoughby, Mr.

Sir Edw. 'Turner, Sir Baynbam Throckmorton, Sir George

Browne, Mr. Munfon: And they are to meet at Two of the Clock Tomorrow, in the Exchequer-Chamber.

Sir Edward Turner makes Report, from die Committee for Privileges and Elections, upon the Returns for the Borough of Helston, in the County of Cornwall -, that

they have considered of the Returns for the said Borough; ind find, that by Two several Indentures, signed by die Mayor, they find returned, Tho. Robinson, and Mr. Ga-iolphin , Esquires j and by a Third, signed by the Sheriff, they find Sir Peter Kelligrew returned , and that they are of Opinion Mr. Robinson and Mr. Godolphin, being returned by the proper Officer, ought to fit, till the Merits of the Election be determined.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that Mr. Robinson and Mr. Godolphin are duly returned , and ought to fit, until the Merits of the Cause, upon the Election, shall be determined.

The.House was this Day resolved into a Grand Committee upon the Bill for Exdfe, according to former Order in that Behalf.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Birch'took the Chair.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel A'rf& reports, from the said Grand Committee, that the said Committee desire the Leave of the House to fit again, upon this Bill, Tomorrow at Ten of Clock.

.Resolved, That the House be dissolved into a-Grand Committee, Tomorrow at Ten of the Clock, qpon this Business.

*Thursday, 9th August^ 1660.

A Bill for naturalizing of Nicholas Oudart Esquire, and Barbara his Daughter, and others, was this -Day read the First time; and, upon the Question, ordered to be read the Second time bn Saturday Morning -next.

A Bill sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act towards -the Reparation and Satisfaction to , be made unto John ;Lord St.John of Basing, Earl of and Marquis

-of Winchester, out of the Manors and Lands of Robert

' Wallop Esquire, and Sir Thomas Jerveife Knight, deceased, for the Sum of Nineteen thousand Pounds, and Damages for the lame, given unto them by the late pretended Parliament, out of the said Marquis of s Estate,

-was this Day read the First time -, and, upon the Quezon, ordered to be. read the Second time on this Day Sevennight. ..

Mr. Annejley acquainted the House, that he was commanded, by his Majesty, to let them know, in what a fad Condition the Army and Navy are, through want of Money -, the Army being, through want of Pay, near necessitated to free Quarter, and the Mariners ready to be in a Flame: Which his Majesty thought fit to acquaint the House of.

Resolved, That a Message be sent to the Lords,-to desire a Conference with them.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Turner, Sir Wtn. , Mr. Pierrepont, Mr. Hollis, Sir Henage Finch, Mr.

Anfley, Sir Wm. Wild, and Sir John Nortchcot, do withdraw, and prepare the Heads for the Conference to be had with the Lords.

r

The House being informed, that Mr, Henry Bromeley# a Member of this House, was lately detained, and sent to the Compter, by a Constable in London, though he was informed he was a Member of this House.

Resolved, That the said Constable be forthwith sent for, in Custody, by the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Resolved, That it be referred to the Committee for Privileges, to examine the whole Matter of Fad, and report it to this House.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee, to whom several Matters relating to Printing is referred, to fend for the Printer of the late Book of Intelligence, who published a Passage concerning the Lifting of Men; and inviting a Meeting in Covent-Garden, in order thereunto; and to examine, by what Warrant he published the fame; and to report it to the House.

Ordered, That the Lord Aungier do go to the Lqrds,' and desire, from this House, a present Conference with them, about Matters of very great Importance.

Mr. Finch reports, from the Committee, the Heads of a Conference with the Lords: Which he read, ft^pding in his P)ace; and are as followeth:

I. That several Bills of Charge have been passed this

Parliament, and more are preparing; but no Ad of Grace yet passed.___ _

II. That the great and chief Expectation is, of an Act of Oblivion judicial Proceedings; and Confirmation of Laws and Liberties. The passing of which Oblivion hath been,

l. Promised by the King, at Breda; without £x<^p-tion of any, but his Father's Murderers.

.2. Recommended by several Messages, and One by himself in Person.

3. Hath been also, and is now once more, prefifed with Importunity, by the Commons, as a means,

1. To quiet Discontents, andincreasing Jealously.1

2. To quicken the Payment of the Taxes, and

other publick Duties. ‘ ‘

3. To prevent all Prance, which may bewit

on unpaid Army.

Then to give Notice of the Message, this Day received from his Majesty by us, intimating the ;gce«it and ^general Wants of the Army ready to go upon free Quarter.

The great Diforefspf Twenty-fous Ships in;Harbour,' ready to break into a Flame} and being a gpnftanc useless Charge. .

-This not to be left without railing Money on the Credit of the Ppll-B^l; nor any Hopes to raise Money with-pyt a more general Satisfaction, in passing,:;

I. — Oblivion. . \

II. — Judicial Proceedings. . t

III. --;Confirmation of Laws and Liberties. /

To desire the Dispatch of thefei and a Concurrence; of

their Lordships with the Commons, in a Desiretpthe City, for advatying Ope hupdred thousand Povxyis, to be repaid at Interest, on the Credit of the Poll- Bill.

Ordered

116 Journals of the House of Commons.' A.-1660.

Ordered, That Sir Win. Doyly, Sir Browne,

Colonel King, and Mr. Bryn, be added to the rest of the Committee for the Army.

Ordered, TkatJatottsNeltbcrpe, andJobnLawfon, Ti{quires, present Treasurers of War, do satisfy and pay such Warrants, for 'the Pay of the Army, and contingent Charges thereof^ that Sir Richard Browne Baronet, Sir William Doyly Knight, Richard Lucy, John Edward

William Pryn, and Robert Scaw Esquires, or any Three of them, shall direct and appoint: Who are hereby constituted to be the present Committee or Commissioners for the Army; and to act therein according to such Orders, Rules, and Directions, as have been, are, or shall be, given in that Behalf: And, for so doing, this shall be their sufficient Warrant.

Whereas the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds was heretofore, by Order of this House, endeavoured to be taken Up, in the City of London, upon the Credit of the Ordinance for Three Months Assessment, commencing 24th June last; together with, and over and above, the Fifty, thousand Pounds, for the Use of his Majesty to the Intent the same might be employed towards disbanding of the Army: And whereas, by an Order of the First of AugufiInstant, the Sum of Forty thousand Pounds was ordered to be assigned out of the Money arising by the said Assessments upon the several Counties where the Forces are quartered, towards satisfying a Month's Pay for the Army;

Ordered, That the said Fifty thousand Pounds be forthwith paid, or assigned, out of the Monies arising by the said Assessments, to such Persons, and in such Sort, as the Committee for the Army, or any Three of them, shall appoint, towards making up of the said Month's Pay -, and that the said other Sum of Forty thousand Pounds be referred to be employed towards the disbanding of the Army: And that Sir Thomas Player, Receiver General of the said Three Months Assessment, be, and hereby.is, authorized and required to pay the said Fifty thousand Pounds, in Money, or by Assignations, for the Use aforesaid, accordingly.

Friday, August 10th, 1660.

Prayers.

A Bill for enabling the Sale of some of the Lands of Win. Milward Esquire, for 'Payment of his Debts, was this Day read the First time; and, upon the Question, ordered to be read the Second time on Wednesday next.

An Act for repealing a Clause in a private Act, made 'in the Fifth Year of King Edward the Sixth, intituled, An Act touching the Limitation of the Duke of ‘fetds Lands, was this Day read the First-time; and, upon the Question, ordered to be now read the Second time: -

And the said Bill was now read the Second time accordingly; and, upon the -Question, committed to Serjeant Hales, Sir Anthony Irby, Mr. Pryn, Mr. ftejlty. Sir Henage Finch, Sir John Lowther, Lord Herbert, Mr. Thomas, Sir Lancelot Lake, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Francis Gerrard, Mr. Mr. Crew, Lord

Spencer, Mr. Goodrich, Mr. Buller, Sir Throckmorton, Mr. Stephens, Mr. Sprey, Sir Mr.

Lewis, Colonel Jones, Mr. Mr. Minors, Sir

John Holland, Mr. Seymour, Colonel Gerrard, Mr. Allen, Mr. Gape, Sir Edward Turner, Colonel Mr.

, Malet, Mr. Holies, Mr. Bamp Mr. Knightly, Colonel King, Sir Tho. Widdrihgton, Mr. Titus, Sir Wm. Lewis, Mr. Mount ague:And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speakers Chamber.

Ordered, That the Report, touching the Officers of the Court of Wards, be made on Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the apportioning of the One hundred thousand Pounds per Ann. on the Counties is referred, do bring in their Report on Monday next.

A Bill for Preservation of the Timber of the Forest of Dean, and to avoid Letters Patents of Deforeftation of the said Forest, dated die One-and-twentieth of March 15 Caroli Regis, was this Day read the First time; and, upon the Question, ordered to be read the Second time on Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Allen do bring in the Bill for restraining Ecclesiastical Persons from granting of Leases; and the Bill for a competent Maintenance to be settled upon Ministers out of Appropriations of Ecclesiastical Persons: And that the Letters, and Message, from the King's Majesty, and the Order, and other Papers, concerning the same, be forthwith delivered to Mr. Allen.

According to former Order, the House was this Day resolved into a Grand Committee upon the Bill of Excise.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Birch took the Chair.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel Birch reports, from the Grand Committee, upon the Bill for Excise, that That Committee desire the Leave of this House to fit Tomorrow, at Ten of Clock.

Resolved, That the House be resolved into a Grand Committee, upon this Business, Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of Clock.

Ordered, That Serjeant Hales, and Mr. Nathaniel Bacon, do bring in the Bills (formerly referred to Mr. Allen to bring in) for restraining of Leases by Ecclesiastical Persons; and for settling competent Maintenance for Ministers out of appropriate Rectories.

Saturday^ August 11 , 1660.

A Bill for avoiding of a Lease, wrested from Dame Katharine Gargrave by Sir John Danvers, was this Day read the First time; and ordered to be read--the Second time on Wednesday Morning next. '

Mr. Pryn reports Amendments to the Bill for keeping an Anniversary of Thanksgiving, every-Twenty-ninth Day of May, for the King's Majesty's Restauration to his Kingdoms, and the great Mercies vouchsafed to these Kingdoms thereby: Which were twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

Resolved, That this Bill, thus amended, be ingrafted.

A Bill against Profanation of the Lord's Day was this Day read the First time; and, upon the Question, ordered to be read the Second time on Thursday Morning next.

A Bill for the better preventing and suppressing of the detestable Sin of profane Swearing and Cursing, was this Day read the First'time; and, upon the Question, ordered to be read the Second time on Thursday Morning next.

Mr Pryn reports Amendments to the Bill for Confirmation of Leases made by Masters and Heads of Colleges, and others: Which were twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

Resolved,

Resolved, That the Words folio 2, in the 8th Line, and in the 13th Line, be transposed.

Ordered, That Serj. Hales, Mr. , Mr. Pryn, Mr. Croutch, and Mr. Mountagdo withdraw, and transpose Words in several Places; according to the Debate now had.

A Proviso was tendered to this Bill; that this Act frail not extend to make good any Leases, made by Simon Moore, Matter of the Hospital of St. in

the County of Worcester, -to Richard Moore his Son , or tt> any of his Children or Grandchildren, or any other to their life: Which was read the First and Second time; and, upon the Question, agreed unto; and ordered to be Part ol this Bill.

Another Proviso was tendered to this Bill; that this Bill extend not to make good Leases, made between the ift of September 1655, and the 25th Day of July 1658, by Mr. George Goodman, and his Co-Brethren of the Hospital of St. John Baptist, and the , in the

Town of Northampton: Which was read the First and Second time; and, upon the Question, agreed unto; and ordered to be Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Samuell be discharged from being of the Committee for the Army.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Justice and Mr. Justice Tyrrill;

May it please you, Mr. Speaker; the Peers have sent this Message by us;

That they have sent down the Bill of General Pardon, Indemnity, and Oblivion, with these Provisoes, Alterations, and Additions; and pray your Concurrence in it.

The laid Provisoes, Alterations, and Additions, were read first, at large.

The First Amendment, with the Coherence, was read; and, upon the Question, agreed "unto.

The next Amendment in the Second Skin, 19 Line, touching leaving out the Word " Dominions,'* with the Coherence, was read:

Resolved, That this House do adhere, in this Clause to the Bill, as it was formerly.

The next Amendment in the 26th Line, was read, with the Coherence; and, upon the Question, agreed Onto.

The next Amendment, in the 30th Line, was read, with the Coherence; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The next Amendments, in the 37 th Line, were read, with the Coherence *, and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The next Amendments, in the 39th Line, were read, with the Coherence:

Resolved, That this House doth adhere to this Clause, as it formerly stood in the Bill.

The next Amendments, in the 40th and 41th Line, were read, with the Coherence:

Resolved, That this House doth adhere to this Clause, as it stood formerly in the Bill.

The next Amendment, in the 3d Skin, 17 Line, was read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The next Amendment, in the 3d Skin, 51 Line, was read, with the Coherence; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The next Amendment, in the 4th Skin, 10 Lane, Was read, with the Coherence; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The next Amendment, in the 5th Skin, 4th Line, 20th Line, and 26th Line, were read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The next. Amendment, in the 6th Skin, and 17th Line, was read, with the Coherence; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The next Amendment, in the same Line, the Clause beginning " and also excepted," and ended in the 20th Line'with the Word " Sixty," to be wholly omitted.

was read, with the Coherence; and, upon the Qutftiob, agreed unto.

The next Amendments, in the 6th Skin, 35, 36, 49, and 50th Line, were read, with the Coherence ;-and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The next Amendment, in the 7th Skin, 27th Line, was read, being the Clause concerning Ireland:

Resolved, That this House doth adhere to this Clause, as it stood formerly in this Bill.

The next Amendment, 7th Skin, 49th Line, concerning Mr. Thurloe, was read, with the Coherence; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The next Amendment, in the 8th Skin, 12 and 13 Lines, were read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The next Amendment, in the 9th Skin, ift Line, after the Word " unto," and before the Werds " nor any," in the 4th Line of the same Skin, were read, with the Coherence;

The Certificate of David Jenkins, on Behalf of the late Lord Gray of Groby;

And the Certificate of Randolph Eger ton, on the Behalf of the said Lord Gray of Groby;

And also the Certificate of John Pretyman, of the 31th of July, 1660, on Behalf of the said late Lord Grey of Grcby; were all read:

Resolved, That this House doth adhere to this Clause, as it stood formerly in this Bill.

The next Amendment, in the 9th Skin, and 8th Line, was read, with the Coherence; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

.The next Amendment, in the 9th Skin, and nth Line, was read, with the Coherence;

Resolved, That this House doth adhere to this Clause, as it formerly stood in the Bill.

The next Amendment, in the 9th Skin, 26th Line, between the 26th Line, and 37th Line, was read, with the Coherence; -

The humble Petition of Sir Gilbert Pickering Baronet was read;:

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Lords, that Sir Gilb. Pickering have the Benefit of this Pardon.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Lords,

that Mr. Thomas Lifter have the Benefit of this Pardon. Refthed, That this Clause be referred to a Committee; to penile this Amendment, with the Bill; and state the' Matter of Fast; and report the Coherence thereof with the Bill, on Monday Morning: And also to examine the Clerk*9 Notes, touching the Votes this Day passed upon the Amendments to this Bill, and the Coherence thereof with the Bill: viz. to Serjeant Glyn, Serjeant Hales, Sir Henage Finch, Colonel King, Mr. Pryn, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. iVm, Mountague, Mr. Bampfeild, Mr. Holies, Mr. Annesley, or any Three of them.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Merry, a Member of this House, have Leave to go into the Country.

Ordered, That Mr. Terrick,a Member of this House, have Leave to go into the Country.

And so the House adjourned to Monday Morning next* at Eight of the Clock.

Monday, jdugufi 13th, 1660.

Prayers.

fYRdered, That Mr. Wingfeild, a Member of this House, have Leave to plead before the Lords, in a Cause there, not concerning any Member of this House.

*Gg A Bill

af <

Ii8 Journals of the House of Commons. 1660.

A Bill touching preferring the Timber and Woods in the Forest of Deane, and to abate the rigorous Execution of the Forest Laws there, was this Day read the Second time; and, upon die Question, committed to the Committee for settling of the King's Revenue: And Mr. Tompkins, Sir Anthony Irby, Sir Throckmorton, Mr. Knightley, Mr. Mr. West fating, Mr.

Stephens, Mr. Aldworth, Sir Wm. Wheeler, Serjeant Cope, Mr. Beckham, Lord Spencer, Lord Bruce, Mr. Pitt, Sir Henry Williams, Sir Tho. Clergis, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Howard, Mr. Andrew; and that the Knights and Burgesses, who serve for Gloucestershire, Herefordshire, Monmouth, and Briftoll, be added to that Committee, as to this Business: And the Petition of the Freeholders and Inhabitants of the Forest of Deane is referred to that Committee: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber v and they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, Witnesses, Records, and what else may conduce to this Business.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Milbome be summoned, by the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to answer the Misdemeanour, wherewith he is charged, in taking from the Clerk of the Crown the Writ issued for Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Milbome Port in the County of Somerset y and in keeping the same unexecuted; whereby this House is deprived of a Member to serve for the said Borough.

Ordered, That Mr. Shame's Report, for Wool, be made next after the Bill of General Pardon is dispatch.

The House resumed the Debate upon the Act of General Pardon.

Mr. Bampfeild reports , from the Committee, to whom it was referred to consider of the Act of General Pardon, and of the Amendments and Votes passed, couching the feme, what Alterations are made, by the Lords, to the said Bill; and also that the Votes are lightly entered, as they-were voted in the House. k The Amendment, in the 9th Skin, 26th Line, and the Words'4*' alt which," in the 37th Line, was read:

Refotved, That as to this Clause, (except only Sir Gil-

htrt Pickering and Mr. Lifter, formerly agreed to be pardoned) this House doth adhere to it, as to the Twenty-four Persons, as they formerly flood in the Bill.

The House resumed the Debate upon the Amendment in the.9th.Skin, and ift Line y wherein the Name of Francis Hacker was added:

; Refolded, That this House doth agree with the Lords,. as to the Addition of the Name of in.

Bus Clause y and adhere to the rest of the Clause, as it formerly flood.

The next Amendment in the 9th Skin, 43 Line, that the GJause . beginning and also except," and ending, in the 51th Line of the same Skin, with the Word " imposed, " to be left out, was read:

The Qjieftion being put, that this House doth agree with the Lords, that this Clause, as to Wm. Lenthall Esquire, Wm. Burton, Oliver St. John, John Ireton Akferfoany. ^Colonel Wm. Sydenham, Colonel John brow, John Blackwell of Mortclack, Pack

Alderman, Richard Keeble, Charles Fleetwood, John Pyne, Richard Deane, Major Richard Creed, Philip Nye Clerk, John Goodwin Clerk,- and Colonel Ralph

be left out-.

The House was divided:

The Yeas went forth.

Mr. Hollis, t Tellers for the Yeas: 7

Mr. Secretary Morris, I With the Yeas, J 97 ‘ Sir Daniel Harvey, "( Tellers for the Noes: 7 Colonel King; - t With-the Noes, 1 102

So it was

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Lords, fftat this Clause, as to Wm. Lenthall Esquire, Wm. Burton,

Oliver St. John, John Ireton Alderman, Colonel Syddcnham, Colonel John Deft row, John Blackwell of Mortlack, Christopher Pack Alderman, Richard Charles Fleetwood, John Pyne, Richard Deane, Major Richard Creed, Philip Nye Clerk, John Goodwin Clerk/ and Colonel Ralph Cobbet, be left our.

Resolved, That this House doth adhere'to this Clause, as it llood formerly in the Bill, as to Sir Henry Vane, ‘Sif* Arthur Hefilrig, John Lambert, and Daniel p

The next Amendment, in the 9th Skin, 52 and 53* Lines, after the Word " Esquires," and before the Word " Francis," to put 'in the JWord " andy" and* after the Word " Loffells," and before the Word " shall be," in the 53th Line, to leave out these Words/ " and Colonel Adrian Scroope y* was read:

Resolved, That this House doth adhere to this Clause, as it formerly flood in the Bill.

The next Amendment, 9th Skin, Lines 55 and 56, were read:

Resolved, That this House doth adhere to this Clause, as it flood formerly in the Bill.

The next Amendment, 10th Skin, rft Line, that' the Clause, beginning with the Word " provided," and ending in the 10th Line, with the Word " Estate" be left out:

Resolved, That this House doth adhere to this Clause, as it flood formerly in the Bill.

The rest of the Amendments in the nth Skin, 21th Line; and in the 12th Skin i6thLine, and 4ithLiney were read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The first Proviso sent down by the Lords, in these Words; viz.44 Provided always, that this Act, or any thing therein contained, shall not extend to the pardoning, or to give' any other Benefit whatsoever, unto Sir Henry Vane, Sir Arthur Hfilrig, John Lambert, and Daniel Axtell, or any of them y but that they,

and every of them are, and shall be, out of this present Act, wholly excepted, and foreprized

And the Question being put, that this Proviso be read the Second time y

It paired with the Negative.

The next Proviso font down from the Lords, in these Words; via.44 Provided that if Wm. Lenthall, Wm. Burton^ -.Oliver- St. John, John Ireton Alderman,. Colonel Wm. Sydenham, Colonel John Desborow, John Blackwell of More clacks' Christopher Pack Alderman,. Richard Keeble, Charles Fleetwood, John Pyne, Richard Deane, Major Richard Creed, Philip Nye Clerk, John Goodwin Clerk, and Colonel Ralph Cobbet, shall hereafter accept, or exercise, any Office, Ecclesiastical, Civil, or Military, or any other publick Employment, within this Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed y that then fitch Person or Persons, as do so accept, or execute, as aforesaid, shall, to all Intents and Purposes in Law, Hand, as if he or they had been totally excepted by Name in this Act y" was read the First time.

Resolved, That this Proviso be read the Second time.

The said Proviso was read the Second time accordingly.

Resolved, That the Time be the First of,

1660.

Resolved, That Sir Gilb.Pickering, and Colonel Tho^ Lifter, be inserted in this Proviso.

And the said Proviso, so amended, was read the Third time y and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

Another Proviso sent down by the Lords, in these Words y 44 Provided that Edmund War'ing, William -herd, and John Blackwell, who fat and acted in an illegal and tyrannical High Court of Justice, upon the Lives of James Earl of Cambridge, Henry Earl of Holland, and Arthur Lord Capell; and signed the Warrants for their Execution -, as also Colonel Thomas Croxton, who fat and acted in a Court Martial, upon the Life of James late Earl of Derby, shall be totally exempted out of this Act

? / 1 T

12' Car; II. Journals <?/ the House c/ Commons* ll£

of Indemnity, and General Pardon was read the Firffc time:

And the Question being put, that this Proviso be read the Second time,

It passed with the Negative.

Another Proviso, sent down by the Lords, in these "Words; viz." Provided likewise, that all those Persons, that lat in any High Court of Justice, (other than Colonel Richard Ingoljby, Sir Gil b.Pickerings Colonel Matthew Tomlinson, and Colonel Thomas Li/ler) are hereby made nncapable of bearing any Office Ecclesiastical, Civil, or Military, within the Kingdom of , or Dominion

of Wales; and that all such Persons, as have fat in any High Court of Justice, other than the said Colonel Richard Ingoljby, Sir Gilb. Pickerings Colonel Matthew Tomlinson, Colonel Tho. Lifter, and Colonel John infon, shall be liable to such further Penalties, as, by any future Act of Parliament, shall be inflicted upon them, not extending to Life was read the First time.

The latter Clause in the said Proviso, " And that all such Persons, as have lat in any High Court of Justice, other than the said Colonel Richard Sir Gilb.

Pickerings Colonel Matthew Tomlinson, Colonel Thomas Lifter, and Colonel John Hutchinson, shall be liable to such further Penalties, as, by any future Act of Parliament, shall be inflicted upon them, not extending to Lifewas read} and, upon the Question, ordered to be omitted.

The first Clause, in the said Proviso, was read: And fbme Amendments being offered thereunto, the same was read the First and Second time; and, upon the Question, tvasas followeth, in these Words; viz.

" Provided likewise, that all those, who, since the Fifth of December 1648, did give Sentence of Death upon any Person or Persons, in any of the late illegal and tyrannical High Courts of Justice, in England or Wales-, or signed the Warrant for Execution of any Person there condemned, except Colonel Richard Ingoljby, and Colonel Matthew Tomlinson, shall be, and are hereby made, incapable of bearing any Office, Ecclesiastical, Civil, or Military, within the Kingdom of England, or Dominion of Wales; or of serving as a Member in any Parliament after the First Day of September 1660:"

Resolved, That this House doth agree to" this Proviso, thus amended.

' Refohed, That these Amendments be drawn up; and

that Sir Henage Finch do carry them to the Lords Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mrs. Seymour's Committee do fit this Afternoon, and proceed upon the former Order.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Hebblethwaite have Leave to go into the Country. . ..

The House being informed, that there "was a Message from the Lords at the Door;

- Resolved, That the Messengers shall be called in.

A Message from the Lords, by Dr. Child and Two Mailers of the Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to let you know, that they desire a present free Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, touching the Subject Matter of the late Conference.

Resolved, That the Committee formerly appointed to manage the late Conference, do also manage this Conference.

The Messengers being again called in, Mr. Speaker gave them this Answer;

The House hath considered of your Message; and do agree to a present free Conference.

Sir Henage Finch reports the Conference had with the Lords,

That, as to the Acts touching judicial Proceedings, and Confirmation of Laws and Liberties, they ate in a Rea-diness to be palfed: And, as to the fending of a Committee *0 go into the City of London, to borrow the Sum of One

. ., ,«. r — r . i.- 1

hundred thouiar.d Pounds, the* L ords have appointed a Committee, of the Number of Eight Members of their House, to join with a proportionable Number of the House of Commons, to go into the City of London, Tomorrow in the Afternoon, about Four of the Clock, to borrow the Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, for the publick Service of the Kingdom; Lord Marquis of Herftord, Earl of Northumberland, Lord Cham-

berlain, Earl of Rutland, Earl of , Viscount Hampden, L.ord Grey of Warke, Lord Coven trey.

Ordered, That it be recommended to Mr Recorder of London, the Lieutenant of the Alderman

ham, Sir Richard Browne, Mr and the rest of

the Members of this House, who serve for the City of London, to go to the Lord Mayor, and desire him to call a Common Council, at Four of Clock Tomorrow in the Afternoon.

Resolved, That a proportionable Number of the Members of this House be nominated to join with a Committee of.die Lords, to go into the City of London, Tomorrow in the Afternoon, about Four of the Clock, to borrow the Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, for the publick Service of the Kingdom: And that Sir Geo. Savill, Lord Bruce, Sir Henage Finch, Lord Howard, Mr, Pierpont, Sir John Potts, Lord Falkland, Sir Edw. Turner, Mr. Holies, Sir Geo. Booth, Sir Ralph Bands, Sir John Bowyer, Lord Angier, Sir Edward , Mr. An-nejley. Colonel Popham, be the said Committee.

Ordered, That the L.ord Bruce do acquaint the Lores, that this House hath agreed to a Committee of a-proportionable Number of the Members of this House, to go into the City.

Ordered, That the Lord Bruce do. Tomorrow Morning, carry this Message to the Lords, as soon as they fit.,

, — — a, _ , — ,.u

7 uefdajy 14th August^ 1660. '

Prayers.

Mflcholas Altra Mare came up this Day to the Clerk's * Table-, and there took the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, in order to his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Mr. Hall, a Member of this House, have Leave to go into the Country.

A Bill for enabling Sir Robert Dallifon to fell Lands for Payment of his Debts, was this Day read the Second time; and, upon the Question, committed to Sir Anthony Irby, Mr. Pryn, Sir Gilb. Gerrard, Mr. Monson, Sir Wm. Hickman, Mr. Mountague,- Sir Solomon , Mr. Minors, Mr. Newton, Colonel King, Mr; Lowther, Sir Ralph Ashton, Mr. Skipwith, Sir Doyley, Sir Ed. Rojfeter, Sir Henry North, Sir Tho. Meeres, Mr. Streete, Sir John Northcot, Mr. Knightley, Mr. Gerrard, Mr. Bampfeild, and to the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, of Lyncolneshire: And they are to meet at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber, Tomorrow in the Afternoon.

Mr. Francis Bacon reports Amendments to the Bill for enabling of Augustine Skynner to fell Lands for Payment of his Debts: Which were twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

Ordered, That this Bill, so amended, be ingossed.

Mr. Pryn reports Amendments to the Bill for Confirmation of Leases, Grants, and Presentadons, made by Matters and Heads of Colleges: Which were twice lead; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

Ordered, That this Bill be ingossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Pryn, Mr. Croutch, Mr. Bampfeild, Mr. Mountague, Sir Henage Finch, Mr.

Mr. Thomas, Serjeant Hales, do withdraw, and pen a Clause, upon the Debate now had in this House, concerning the Confirmation of Fellows and Scholars in the Universities.

Colonel

Colonel King reports Amendments to the Bill for settling Ministers in Ecclesiastical Livings arid Promotions: Which were first read by the Reporter, together with the Connedioh, in his Place; and were afterwards read the First and Second time by the Clerk.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Jllftice and Mr. Justice ‘Tyrrell;

Mr. Soaker, The Lords have lent us down with this Bill for Confirmation of judicial Proceedings, with these Provifbes and Alterations; and desire your Concurrence.

The Messengers being Called in again* Mr. Speaker gavie them this Answer;

The House have considered of your Message; and will tetum Answer by Messengers of their own.

Resolved, That in the 5th Folio, Lines 9 and 14, of

the Bill for Ministers, these Words, " or waved," be omittedand, betwixt the Words " rest°;ned, surrendered," next preceding, the Word " or" be inserted.

Refobtd, That in the 5th and last Line of the 3d Proviso, offered amongst the Amendments, the Words or waved" be omitted; and the Word " or" be inserted bctwbtt the Words " resigned" and " lurren-dcredj" in like Manner as in the forementioned Clause.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Brampston, Matters of Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a present free Conference With this House, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Bill for Poll-Money.

Resolved, That a free Conference be forthwith granted with the Lords, as is desired.

Resolved, That the same Committee, that were appointed to manage the Conference with the Lords Yesterday, do manage this Conference.

The Messengers being again called in, Mr. Speaker gave them this Answer;

The House have considered of your Message; and do agree to a present Conference with the Lords, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General be desired to bring in a Bill, Tomorrow Morning, for continuing the Imposition of Excise till Christmas next.

Ordered, That the Debate upon the Bill for settling Ministers in their Livings, be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the Committee, to whom the Bill for IVm. Mams' Hospital is referred: And that the Knights and Burgesses, that serve for the County of Stafford, and the Members that serve for die City of London, be added to that Committee.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee, to whom the Bill touching Sales is referred, have the Leave of this House to fit on each Wednesday in the Afternoon, as well as on Mondays and Fridays in the Afternoon.

Hugh Bofcawen Esquire, being elected to serve in this present Parliament as a Knight for the County of Corne-wall, and also as Burgess for the Borough of Grampound in the said County, did this Day make his Election to serve for the said County, and waved his Election for the Borough of Grampound, aforesaid;

Ordered, That a new Writ be issued for the Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Grampound in the County of in

the Place of Hugh Bofcawen Esquire, who hath made an Election to serve as Knight for the said County of ' 'WaB\ atfed that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, to prepare a Writ for the Purpose aforesaid: Which the Lord Chancellor is to issue and pass under the Great Seal of England accordingly. '

5

The Lord Bruce reports, that the Lords concur to the Order for Money for Payment of the Army , and also that their Committee will be ready to accompany the Committee of this House, at Four of the Clock this Afternoon, into the City, for borrowing the One hundred thousand Pounds.

The Amendments and Provisoes, sent down from the Lords, to the Bill for Confirmation of judicial Proceedings, were read the First time.

The first Amendment was read, with the Coherence; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

Ordered, That the Amendments be referred to a Committee, to compare them with the Bill; and if they find any thing doubtful, that they report it, with their Doubts, Tomorrow Morning; viz. unto Serjeant Maynard, Serjeant Glyn, Serjeant Hales, Serjeant Littleton, Mr. Bampfeild, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Mountague,

Mr. Rainsford, Mr. Bofcawen.

TVed?iefday^ August 15th, 1660.

Prayers.

A Bill for Naturalizing of Nicholas Oudart Esqtflre* Barbara his Daughter, and others, was this DtjK read the Second time; and, upon the Question, committed to the Committee, to whom the former Bill for Naturalization was referred; and that Mr. Knightley, Mr. Mountague, SvcWm. Wheeler, Sax John Evelyn, Mr Gerrard, Sir Capell Luckin, Mr. Thomas, Sir Reeves, be added to that Committee: And they are tO meet on Friday next, in the Afternoon.

A Bill for making the Precinct of Covent-Garden parochial was this Day read the First time.

Ordered, That the Lady Gs Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Shaw reports a Bill for settling the Governors of the Dutch Bay-Hall in Colchester, to exercise the free Trade of making Bays, Says, and other foreign Drape* lies: Which was this Day.read the First time.

He also reports a Bill for Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation: Which was this Day read the First time.

He also reports, from the Committee for encouraging and regulating the Manufacture of Wool, and Navigation, a Report: Which was read; and is as followeth; viz.

That his Majesty be desired forthwith to issue a Proclamation against the Transporting and Conveying any Sort of Wool, Wool-fells, and all Yam made' of Wool, Fullers Earth, and all other scouring Earth whatsoever, out of England, Wales, or the Town of Berwick, into Scotland, or into any foreign Parts out of England; and to give Order to the Customers and Officers of the several Ports, and other Officers, to take special Care therein; and also that care be taken, that no more of the said Commodities be sent to Gamfty and Jarfey, than what is necessary for the Use and Manufactures of those Hlands; and that the Persons, shipping the same thither, do give good Security for the Landing the feme there: And that all Governors, and other Officers* upton the said Hands, be required to take special Care* that what shall be so landed be not re-shipped thence into any foreign Parts; and, for the better Regulating of what shall be permitted to be transported to those Hands, that the feme shall be shipped thither from two or three Ports of England only: And also

That another Proclamation issue in Ireland, for the speedy putting in Execution all the Laws and Statutes made against the Transporting of Wool out of

UCar. II. Journals of the House of Commons. 121

Ireland into the Islands of Garnefey and Jersey, or into Scotland^ or any other Parts, except into England oply.

Ordered, That his Majesty be humbly desired forthwith to issue his Proclamation against the Transporting and Conveying any Sort of Wool, Wool-fells, and all Yarn made of Wool, Fullers Earth, and all , other fcowering Earth whatsoever, out of , or the Town of Berwick, into Scotland, or into foreign Parts out of England, and to give Order to the Customers and Officers of the several Ports, and other Officers, to take especial Care therein , as all'o that Care be taken, that no more of the said Commodities be Tent to Guernefey or Jersey, than what is necessary for the Use and Manufactures of those Islands; and that the Persons, shipping the same thither* do give good Security for the Landing the same there: And that all Governors, and other Officers, upon the said Hlands, be required to take special Care, that what shall be so landed be not re-shipped thence into any foreign Parts: And, for the better regulating what shall be permitted to be transported to those Islands, that the same shall be shipped thither from two or three Ports of England only: And also that his Majesty will be pleasecl to issue another Proclamation in Ireland, for the speedy putting in Execution all the Laws and Statutes made against the Transporting of Wool out of Ireland into the Islands of and

Jersey, or into Scotland, or any other Parts, except into England only:

'That the Lords Concurrence be desired herein: And Sir George Downing is to carry it to the Lords.

Ordered, That the Committtee for Encouragement and Regulating the Manufacture of Wool, and Navigation, do, with all possible Speed, bring in a Bill for restraining the Exportation of Wool, Wool-fells, woollen Yarn, Fuilers Earth, and all other fcowering Earth: And Sir Anthony Irby, Serjeant Hales, Colonel Morley, Serjeant Maynard, Mr. Bryn, are added to the said Committee.

Sir Henage Finch reports a Bill for continuing the Ex-cife till the Five-and-twentieth of December 1660: Which was this Day read the Fiift and Second time; and, upon the Question, committed to the Committee, that brought in the other Bill for the Excise, where Colonel Birch hath the Chair: Who are to report the same Tomorrow Morning: And Colonel Birch is to take care herein.

Resolved, That Captain Edward Wingate be, and is hereby, constituted and appointed one of the Commissioners of the Excise, in the Place of Alderman Atkin: And that Alderman Atkin be, and is hereby, discharged from that Employment.

Resolved, That Mr. Pargiter be, and is hereby, discharged from being one of the Commissioners of Excise.

Mr. Hollis reports the Substance of the Conference

desired by the Lords Yesterday; being, in Effect, as folio weth: " That it was only concerning the Poll- Bill; wherein the Lords offered some Considerations of theirs, to which we thought we had no Power to make a Reply. The Lord Chancellor began, and told us, the Lords desired this Conference, in order to the passing of the Poll- Bill; and that some Lords were appointed to acquaint us with the Particulars their Lordships had under Consideration, which he left to them to communicate."

The Lord Mohun began, and laid, he was to offer something concerning the Clause about double Payments by Popish Recusants, and such as refuse the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance; which Oaths, he said, were settled by Parliament, both as to the Persons to whom they are to be administered, and the Persons to administer them: And to alter the Law on a sudden, specially since the same trenches on the Privileges of the Peers, their Lordships could not agree to it. He added, that the Persons, who are by that Clause to take the said Oaths, Were of Two Sorts; one, those who were of the fame

Religion with us, and differ only in Circumstances; as* particularly, ferupling Oaths; and to make that Distin-iftion now, their Lordships thought it might occasion Trouble, and thwart the Bill of Indemnity, when it is the Care and Endeavour of both Houses to unite all: For the Popish Recusants, he said, they were by Law liable to pay Two-thirds of their Estates; and now, to charge the remaining One-third with a double Payment, it might amount to a Sixth Part of that; which is more than the Laws require; and so is riot reasonable to be imposed."

Then my Lord Finch told us, " He was to move something concerning a Clause, in which a former Alteration was offered by their Lordships, about the naming of Commissioners for the Cinque Ports; which, he laid, were Towns in Two Counties, Kent and Sussex and have a peculiar Jurisdiction among themselves, the Counties not having to do with them, nor they with the Counties at large; and that the Alteration desired by their Lordships was more in Circumstance than in Substance, being only to authorize Commissioners within the said Ports, for that they had appropriate Jurisdictions of their own; and therefore their Lordships hoped this House would agree to the Alterations, being notf sent in Paper, as they were before in Parchment."

After him, the Lord Roberts told tis, " That, what he was to offer, he was assured this House would agree: For that, as to the Lords to name Commissioners in this Bill, they had done it in the late Bill of Assessments for Seventy thousand Pounds by the Month; and in the former Poll; and then there was no Question made; and therefore the Lords hope it will not be questioned now: Which Names they have sent down in Paper, as they were formerly sent in Parchment; the same relating to the County of Comewall.'*

Then my Lord Wharton said, " The last Proviso annexed by the Lords to the Bill, was, for the AfiTeffing of the Peers; and, if that should be omitted, the Peers might be assessed by the Commoners, which is against the Liberty and Privilege of the Peers; and therefore they had sent down the Names of some Peers* in Paper, to be inserted in that Proviso.1 '

And, when that was done, the Lord Finch stood up again; and laid, " He had omitted one Thing, for the adding, to one Clause, these Words, " Except they be Peers of the Realm ;" which were misplaced in the Amendments formerly sent down, but are now put in their proper Places."

The Amendments to the Poll- Bill, lent down by the Lords, were read. And, first, the Names of Commissioners for the Cinque Ports, sent in Paper, were twice read:

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Lords in this Amendment.

Another Amendment, formerly lent down, concerning the expunging of some Commissioners Names in the Counties of Kent and Sussex, was read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

Another Amendment, in the 25th Skin, 20th Line, viz. for inferring, after the Word " County," and before the Word " there," these Words, viz. " Except they be Peers of this Realm," was read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The Paper, containing the Names of Commissioners appointed by the Lords for rating themselves, was read: Resolved, That this House doth agree with what's reported from the Lords, as to the Commissioners by them named, for assessing such of the Peers as shall be assessed higher than according to his or their Ranks or Degree, particularly expressed in this Act.

The Paper containing the Names of Commissioners sent from the Lords for the County of ,. was

read:

The Question being put, that this House doth agree with the Lords, as to the additional Names of Commissioners for the County of Comewall;

It passed with the Negative.

H h Ordered,

Ordered, That it be referred to a Committee, to prepare, and report to the House, Tomorrow Morning, ft Salvo, upon the present Debate, touching the Privilege of this House only, to name the Commissioners in Bills that charge the People; to the Intent the same may be entered in the Journal of this House, for the asserting of the Rights of this House , viz.to Mr. Sir Henage

Finch, Sir Edward 'Turner, Mr. Sir John

Northcot, Mr. Pryn, Serj. HalMr. Secretary,

Mr. Annefey, Sir Tho. IViddring, Colonel King, Sir

Solomon Swale, Mr. Chafe, or any Three of them.

The Proviso formerly sent down from the Lords, and the Paper of Commissioners Names, and other Amendments relating the reunto, was read; and, oh the Question, with the said Amendments, agreed unto.

The Clause beginning in the 3d Skin, 54th Line, with these Words, " And be it further enacted," and ending in the 4th Skin, 6th Line, with these Words,

" by virtue of this Act," concerning the paying double Rates, by Popish Recusants, &c. was read:

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Lords in this Amendment; and that the said Clause be left out.

Sir Henage Finch reports, that he hath delivered the Bill of General Pardon, according to the Command of this House, to the Lords.

Ordered, That Mr. Pryn do carry the Bill for Poll-Money to the Lords, Tomorrow Morning; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to all the Amendments, excepting only to the Commissioners named for the County of Cornewall.

Sir George Downing reports, that he carried to the Lords the Order, to desire his Majesty to ifllie Proclamations against transporting Wool, Wool-fells, and Fullers-Earth; and that the Lords do agree, and will acquaint his Majesty therewith.

Mr. Elliflon reports, that he carried to the Lords the Bill for impowering the County and City of Durham to fend Knights and Burgesses to serve in Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Baker, a Member of this House, have Leave to go into the Country.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward , a Member of this House, have. Leave to go into the Country.

Ordered, That this House do resume the Debate upon the Amendments to the Bill for Ministers, Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. James Robbins have Leave to go into the Country.

The humble Petition of Elianor Richardson, Ma-troness of the Hospitals of the Savoy, and Ely House, in the Behalf of One hundred Forty-six languishing Soldiers, was read.

Resolved, That the Lords Concurrence be desired to the former Order of this House, of the 26th of May 1660, for charging Two thousand Pounds, upon the Three Months Assessments, commencing the 24th of June 1660, for Relief of the maimed Soldiers, Widows, and Orphans of the Savoy, and Ely House.

Ordered, That Sir Gilbert Gerrard, a Member of this House, be desired, and authorized, to receive the said Two thousand Pounds, for the Use aforesaid; to be by him iflfued to such Persons, and in such Proportions, as shall be agreed, and directed, by the Committee of the House of Commons to whom the Business of the said Hospitals is referred: And that Sir Thomas Player Knight, Receiver General of the said Three Months Assessments, be, and hereby is, authorized to pay the same accordingly.

Ordered, That it be recommended to the said Receiver

General to advance, or procure to be advanced, the said Two thousand Pounds, forthwith, for the present Relief of the Persons to whom it is designed; and to repay the feme in Course, out of the said Assessments, as they shall come in: In which Cafe, he is authorized to allow to him* self, or such as shall advance the fame, Interest at Six Pounds per Cent, for the time it shall remain unpaid.

The Lords Concurrence is desired herein; and Mr. Pryn is to carry them to the Lords.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Business of the Hospitals of the Savoy, and Ely House, is referred, do, in the Distribution of the Two thousand Pounds among the Pensioners there, take the best Care they can, that upon the Parties receiving the Proportions assigned them, be sent home to the several Places, where they last dwelt.

Ordered), *That the Lords be desired to grant a frefi Conference with this House, Tomorrow in the Forenoon, upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference j and that Mr. Pryn do go to the Lords, to desire a Conference, accordingly.

Ordered, That the Committee, who managed the last Conference with the Lords, do also manage the Conference now to be desired of their Lordships.

Ordered, That the said Committee do, at the Conference with the Lords, represent to their Lordships, that though, in regard of the pressing Occasions of dispatching the Poll- Bill, to supply the present Exigencies of the Kingdom, for paying of the Army and Navy, this House hath been content not to insist upon that Clause in the said Bill, whereby Popish Recusants were to pay double to the Rate charged on others of their Rank and Quality; yet this House is satisfied, that Popish Recusants have usually paid double Rates in all such Cases; and that only the pressing Necessities of the Army and Navy have moved them not to insist upon it in this Bill.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Waller, Mr. Powell, Mr. Dowdeswell, Colonel Birch, Sir Edward Manfell, Mr. Stuart, Mr. Fowell, Sir Geo. Booth, Sir Tho. Meeres, and all the Gentlemen of this House, of the Long Robe, be added to the Committee, to whom the Marquis of Hertford's Bill is referred.

Ordered, That Mr. James Stephens, a Member of this House, have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

Whereas Nicholas Co fens. High Sheriff of Cornewall, being lately in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, went privately out of Town, without taking out his Order of Discharge, or paying his Fees;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do forthwith take the said Nicholas Cofens into his Custody again; and him safely keep, till he shall pay his Fees.

Thursday, August 16th, 1660.

Prayers.

f~\Rdered, That Mr. Ashby, the Treasurer of Ely House,

" do, instead of Sir Gilb.Gerrard, receive the Two thousand Pounds, for the Use of the Poor of Ely House, and the Savoy; and that the Order of Yesterday be amended accordingly;

Colonel King to carry the Order to the Lords.

He carried the said Order accordingly , and brings Answer, that the Lords do agree thereunto.

A Bill for making void a Lease made by the Lady CatharineGargrave, to Sir John Danvers, was this Day read the Second time; and, upon the Question, committed to Mr. Goodrich, Sir Anthony Irby, Mr. Knight ley. Colonel King, Mr. Francis Bacon, Sir An. Ashley Mr.

Pryn,

Bryn, Mr. Allens Sir Rob. Pye, Sir John Nortkcot, Sir Lancelot Lakey Serjeant Halesy Sir John Temple, Mr. Williams, Mr. Nath. Bacon, Mr. Trevor, Sir Henry Tel-verion, Mr. Clifford, Mr. Gurdon, Sir Geo. Reeve, Sir Rich. Browne, Sir Gilb. Gerrard, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Wm. Wheeler, Sir Wm. Hoy ley, Mr. Rainsford, Mr. Hinfon: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Bill, sent down from the Lords, concerning the Marquis of Winchester, be read the Second time Tomorrow.

..Serjeant Glyn reports from the Committee, to whom the Amendments and Provisoes, sent from the Lords, upon the Bill for judicial Proceedings, was referred; that they conceive the said Amendments and Provisoes were for the better.

The Second Amendment was read; viz. 4th Line, after the Word " Recognizances," and before the Word " Inquisition," leave out the Words " Inrollments, Exemplifications," and add these Words " nor Inrollments of any Deeds, or Wills, or of any such Fines, Proclamations, Recoveries, Verdicts, Judgments, Statutes, or Recognizances, nor any Exemplifications of them, nor any of them, nor any;" and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The Third Amendment was read; viz. 5th Line, after the Word " Decrees," leave out the Words " not vacated, cancelled, reversed, or otherwise avoided;" and, upon the Question, was agreed unto.

The 4th Amendment; vi7 Line, leave out the Word " Acts," was read j and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The 5th Amendment, 10th Line, after the

Word " Exchequer," and before the Word " fitting," put in the Words " and Courts of Exchequer-Chamber, or any of them," was read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The 6th Amendment*, viz. 12 Line, after the Word " Lancaster," and before the Word " or," leave

out these Words, " or in the Courts of the Isles of Jersey or Guernsey," was read; and, upon the Question,

agreed unto.

The 7th Amendment; viz 18 Line, after the Word " Process," and before the Word " Proceedings," put out the Word " or," and after the Word " Proceedings," and before the Word " thereupon," put in the Words " nor Executions," was read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The 8th Amendment; viz. 49 Line, after the Word " Silver," and before the Word " and, " put in these Words, " and without Entry, or due Entry of any Summons, given to the Party for the Concord," was read; and, on the Question, agreed unto.

The 9th Amendment; viz52 Line, after the Word " Fines," and before the Word " and, " put in these Words, " and Proclamations thereupon," was read; and, on the Question, agreed unto.

The 10th Amendment; viz. 54 Line, after the Word " Fines," and before the Word " Recoveries," put in these Words, " Proclamations, of Fines," was read; and, on the Question, agreed unto.

The 1 ith Amendment; viz. 7 Line, after the Word " one," and before the Word " there," put in these Words, " and before the 25th Day of April, in the Year of our Lord 1660," was read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The 12 Amendment; nth Line, after the

Word " one," and before the Word " diverse," put in these Words, " and before the said 25^ Day of April, in the Year of our Lord 1660," was read; and, upon die Question, agreed unto.

The 13th Amendment; 12th Line, after the

Word Majesty," and before the Word " were," put in these Words, " or to the late King," was read; and, -upon the Question, agreed unto.

The 14th Amendment; viz. 25 Line, after the Word " Sales," and before the Word " made," put in the Words " or Estates," was read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The 15th Amendment; viz. 25th Line, after the Word " Act," and before the Word " or," put in the Word " Order," was read; and, upon die Question, agreed unto.

The 16th Amendment; viz. 26th Line, after the Word " Act," and before the Word " or," put in the Word " Order," was read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The 17th Amendment; viz. 40th Line, after the Word " otherwise," and before the Word " and, " put in these Words, " other than such Recognizances, Obligations, and Securities, as have been made, or given to any the pretended Powers, or Persons aforesaid, or to any deriving, or pretending to derive Authority from them, by any Person, or Persons, for or by reason of their Adherence to his Majesty, or his said late Royal father; or relating to, or arising only upon, or in respect of, the late Troubles; all which are hereby declared to be void, and to be delivered up, to be cancelled," was read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The 18th Amendment; viz. 42 Line, after the Word " discharged," and before the Word " shall," put in these Words, " other than as aforesaid," was read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The 19th Amendment was read; viz. 44th Line, after the Word " Successors," and before the Word " Provided," put in these Words, " and also, excepting all Obligations, Bonds, or Recognizances, entered into by any Person, or Persons, by Order or Direction of any Council of State, Major Generals, or any other inferior Officers; all which Obligations, Bonds, and Recognizances, are hereby discharged, and declared to be null, and void, to all Intents and Purposes:"

Resolved, That after the Word " Major Generals," in the 5th Line of the Amendment, the Word " Declinators," be added.

Resolved, That instead of the Words " or any other inferior Officers," these Words be inserted; viz. " or any Officer or other Person under them, or any other military Power."

Resolved, That after the Words " Recognizances en-terred into," these Words be inserted, viz. " to the said Keepers or Protectors, or any of them."

Resolved, That after the Words " Council of State," these Words be added, viz. " the late pretended Committee of Safety."

The 20th Amendment; viz. 49 Line, before the Word " charitable," put in the Words, " or of," was read; and, on the Question, agreed unto.

The First Proviso from the Lords was read; and is as followeth;

" Provided always, and be it further Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That no Fine or Fines, Judgment or Judgments, hereby made good or confirmed, shall extend, or be construed to bar or prejudice any Person or Persons, their Heirs or Successors, or their Feoffees or Trustees (other than the Parties to the said Fines, and their Heirs) as concerning such Right, Claim, and Interest, as they had in, or to any Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, which, by colour of any Act, Order, or Ordinance of both, or either Houses of Parliament, since the First Day of May, in the Year of our Lord 1642, and before the 25th Day of April, in the Year of our Lord 1660, were fold, conveyed, or disposed, as then, or late, the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the King, Queen, or Prince; or of Arch-bishops, Bishops, Deans, Deans and Chapters, or, other Ecclesiastical Persons; or as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of any other Persons, for their Ad-herency to the late King, or his Majesty that now is; or for any their Adtings, relating to, or in respect of, the late Troubles; so always that the said Person or Persons aforesaid, their Heirs or Successors, pursue their Title,

Claim,

Claim, or Interest, by way of Action, or lawful Entry, within Five Years next after the Nine-and-twentieth Day of May, in the Year of our Lord 1660":

Resolved', That in the Second Line, after the Word " Fines," and before the Word " hereby," these Words, " J11 Jgment or Judgments," be omitted.

Resolved, That in the Fifth Line, after the Word " l leirs," and before the Word " as," these Words, viz. " General, and Special, and his and dieir Trustees," be added.

Resolved, That in the Seventh line, after the Word " Parliament," and before the Word " since," these Words be added; viz. " or any Convention fitting at Westminster., under the Name or Style, or assuming the Name or Style, of a Parliament."

Resolved, That this Proviso, so amended and altered, be agreed unto.

The Second Proviso, sent from the Lords, was read *, and is as followeth; viz.

" And although, in this Confirmation of judicial Proceedings, it was necessary to mention divers pretended Acts and Ordinances, by the Names and Styles, which those Persons then usurped who took upon them to pass the fame, namely, feme by the Style and Name of the Keepers of the Liberty of England, by Authority of Parliament; and others by the Name and Style of Protestors of the Commonwealth of England, Scotland, and Ireland, and the Dominions and Territories thereunto belonging -, yet this present Parliament doth declare, and it is Enacted by Authority of the same, That the Names and Styles aforesaid, and every of them, are most rebellious, wicked, traiterous, and abominable Usurpations; derested by this present Parliament, as opposite, in the highest Degree, to his Sacred Majesty's most just and undoubted Right , to whom, and to his Heirs, and lawful Successors, the Imperial Crowns.of the Realms of England, Scotland, and Ireland, with their, and every of their, Dominions and Territories, do of Right appertain; and as violating and infringing the just Rights and Privileges of Parliament, and of both Houses thereof, now assembled, or that hereafter shall be called and assembled": Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Lords in this Proviso.

The Third Proviso, sent from the Lords, was read; and is as followeth:

" Provided always, That this Act extend not to confirm, and make good and valid, in Law, any pretended Indictment or Indictments, Outlawries, Inquisitions, or any Proceedings thereon, of High Treason, against any Person or Persons whatsoever, for levying War against the late Tyrant Oliver Cromwell, the pretended Keepers of the Liberty of England, or any other usurped Power5 but that all such Indictments, and all other the Proceedings thereon, shall be void, and of none Effect in Law; this Act, or any thing therein contained to the contrary, in any wise notwithstanding":

Resolved, That in the First Line, after the Words " Provided always," these Words, viz. " And be it Enacted," be added. —

Ordered, That it be referred back to the Committee, to conficfer of a Clause to be added upon this Day's Debate, concerning Inquisitions taken at Oxford; and to report it to the House. —

Resolved, That in the First Line, after the Word " that," and before the Word " pretended," in the Second Line, diefe Words, viz. " this Act extend not to confirm, and make good and valid, in Law, any," be omitted; and that, in the room thereof, these Words, viz. " all and every," be insert.d.

Resolved, That in the Third Line, after the Word " Inquisitions," and before the Word " Proceedings," these Words, viz. " or any," be omitted; and that, instead thereof, these Words, viz. " and all," be inserted.

Resolved, That in the Sixth Line, after the Word " Power," and before the Word " shall be," these 4

Words, viz. " but that all such Indictments, and other Proceedings thereupon," be omitted; and that, in the room thereof, these Words* viz. " shall be from henceforth," be inserted.

Resolved, That in the Seventh Line, after the Word " Law," these Words, viz. " this Act, or any thing therein contained to the contrary, in any wise notwithstanding," be omitted.

Ordered, That it be referred back to the Committee, to amend the Clauses according to the present Debate of the House.

He also reports an additional Clause thereunto, viz. " And that all Grants, Conveyances, Leases, Devises, Assurances, Statutes, Recognizances, and Judgments for Debt, or Damages, heretofore had, made, or suffered, by any Person, or his Hors* whose Conviction, Utla-gary, or Attainder, is, by this Act, discharged, or made void, shall be of the same Force and Effect, as if no such Conviction, Oudawry, or Attainder, had been."

Ordered, That Serjeant Maynard, Serjeant Glyn, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Wingfeild, Mr. Huxley, Serjeant Hales, Mr. Allen, Sir Edward ‘Turner, Sir Henage Finch, be a Committee, to withdraw, and consider of the said additional Clause, and of what was further offered upon the Debate*

The Bill for the perpetual Anniversary Thanksgiving on the Twenty-ninth Day of May, being ingrossed in Parchment, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That after these Words, so the Line, " Extermination in," the Word " to" be inserted.

Resolved, That the Title of this Bill be. An Act for a perpetual Anniversary Thanksgiving on the Twenty-ninth Day of Mery.

And the said Bill, so amended, being put to the Quc-ffion, passed.

Ordered, That Mr. Pryn do carry this Bill to the Lords.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Justice Atkins and Mr. Justice Twifden j

The Lords have commanded us to signify unto you, that they desire a present free Conference with you, in the Panted Chamber, concerning the Act of Indemnity.

Resolved, That there be a Conference with the Lords, as is desired.

Resolved, That Mr. Pryn do desire the Lords to grant a free Conference upon the Poll- Bill.

The Messengers were again called in; and Mr. Speaker gave them this Answer;

The House has considered of your Message; and they do agree to a Conference.

Ordered, That the Debate upon the Bill touching Ministers be resumed Tomorrow Morning, the first Business.

Mr. Pryn brings Answer, that he had delivered to the Lords the Bill for the perpetual Anniversary: And also acquainted them with the Desire of this House, of a free Conference with them upon the Poll- Bill: And that the Lords do agree to a present Conference.

Ordered, That those, who managed the last Conference, be the Committee to manage this Conference with the Lords: And that Sir George Reeve, Sir Tho. Widdrington, Mr. Secretary Morris, Sir Win. Doyley, Sir Anthony Ashley Cooper, and Mr. Allen, be added to that Committee.

Colonel King reports a Bill for restraining Archbishops, Bishops* Deans, and other Ecclesiastical Persons, from making of Leases or Grants of any Manors, Lands, or Tithes, belonging to them, their Churches, or Offices: W hich was read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Colonel

12 Car. II. Journals of the House of Commons. 129

Colonel Birch reports from the Committee, to whom it was referred. Amendments to the Bill lor continuing of the Excise till the Twenty-fifth of December 1660: Which he read, and opened in his Place; and, after* the same were read, by the Clerk, the First and Second time.

Resolved, That the Report of the Conference, had with the Lords this Day, concerning the Act of General Pardon, Indemnity, and Oblivion, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That next after the Report of the Conference with the Lords, concerning the Bill of Indemnity, the Debate concerning the Excise- Bill be reafiumed; and, till then, the same is adjourned.

ments thereby charged; and of the Alignment of the several Sums of Money therein contained: And it is further Ordered, That the Residue of the said Twenty thousand Pounds, over and above the Provisions and Work aforesaid, be applied for satisfying of the Two thousand Five hundred Twenty-five Pounds One Shilling Fight-pence, contained in the said first Lift; and be forthwith paid and satisfied to the several and respective Persons in the said Lift named, or their Assigns, according to the several Sums added to the respective Names: And the said Committee be and are hereby impowered and authorized to ifiiie out Warrants, for the present Payment of the said respective Sums to the several and respective Persons aforesaid* or their Assigns, accordingly.

Mr. Annejley reports from the Committee, to whom several Matters in reference to his Majesty's Reception were referred, a Particular of all such Warrants as are charged by the said Committee, for satisfying the Per* fons who have furnished Provisions, or done Work, in Order to his Majesty's Reception; and the respective Payments thereby charged, amounting to Seventeen thousand Five hundred Eighty-seven Pounds Seven Shillings Four-pence Halfpeny; and the Desire of the said Committee, that, after Satisfaction of the said Sum, the Residue may be employed for satisfying the Persons mentioned in the first Lift annexed to the said Report, being for Monies which they find themselves in a special Manner engaged to endeavour to be satisfied, the Persons being employed under them in the Time of their late being of the Council of State, and are comprehended, all but the ' Three last Sums, in the Warrants of the said late Council of State, formerly reported to this House, and by them approved: Which said first Lift was read; amounting, in the Whole, to Two thousand Five hundred Twenty-five Pounds One Shilling Eight-pence; and is as followeth; viz.

To Mr. Symons, Graver, for Seals for lre~ \ land and Scotland, in Part of 5001. J To Mr. Hope, Merchant, Two Bills of) Exchange from Sir George Downing, J To Mr. Darnell, Clerk-Assistance of they

Parliament, in Part of 350/. ----- ----- J

To the poorest of the Messengers of the,) Parliament, in Part of 952/. iu. 8 J To the Messengers of the Council, their J

riding Charges, ----- J

The Remainder of the Council's Officers

To Mr. 'Thomas Ryder, on a Bill of Ex-

250

250

25°

160

263

181

s. d.

4 10 16 10

o rar. 'i nomasxyaer, on a mu or tx-1

change from the Plenipotentiaries in the > 600 ——

Sound, ----- ----- ----- - ----- ----- ----- ----- - 3

Sound,

To Mr. Roper, and Mr. Collins, Printers 1

to the last Council, ----- ----- ----- ----- J

To the Porters, Gardeners, and other me-1

nial Servants at Whiteh — J

To Major Babington, that brought the )

News about Colonel Lambert, ----- ----- ----- --- J

To Stir Oliver Fleming, in Part of 130/. remaining unpaid, of.230/. due

88

100

50

J

by 100 — —

} 3> ——

Warrant of the late Council of State To Mr. Blake and Mr. Bradly, Meffen-

gers, ——

To Mr. Mcakin and Mr. Levin, Two)

poor Messengers, — ----- ----- ----- 1

To Mr. Lockhart, for Coals for

The Chaplain at Whitehall,

Messengers small Biils, to the last Council,

£2525 1 8

31

20

»35

20

26

Resolved, That this House doth approve of the Warrants, charged by the said Committee, for satisfying the Persons who have furnished Provisions, or done Work, in order to his Majesty's Reception; the respective Pay-

Friday, 17th August, 1660.

PRAYERS.

A Bill for making the Precinct of Paro-

chial, was this Day read the Second time; and, upon the Question, committed unto Sir Thomas , Mr. Knightley, Mr. Pryn, Sir Gilb. Gerrard, Mr. Nathaniel Bacon, Mr. Grey, Sir Anthony Irby, Colonel King, Mr. Goodrich, Sir Wm. Waller, Sir John Temple, Sir John Bowyer, Mr. Rainsford, Mr. Gilb. Gerrard, Sir Francis

Gerrard, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Wm. Lewis, Mr. feild. Sir Henry Williams, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. , Sir George Downing, Sir Edward Roffiter, Sir Edward Jennings, Sir Lancelot Lake, Sir George Booth, Sir Wm. Wheeler, Mr. Russell, Sir Wm. Mr. Allen, Sir

John Northcot, Mr. Francis Bacon, Serjeant Glyn, Sir Edmund Bowyer, Sir Edward Hales, Lord Angier, Sir Wm. Waller, Sir Wm. Bowyer, Lord St. John, Rich: And are to meet at Two of the Clock, Tomorrow in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Serjeant Glyn reports, from the Committee, the Proceedings of the said Committee upon the Amendments and Provisoes, sent down from the Lords, to the Bill for Confirmation of judicial Proceedings.

Resolved, That in the Second Line of the First Proviso, after the Word " no," and before the Word " Fine," these Words, viz. " non claim upon or after any," be added.

The additional Clause, offered Yesterday to the Third Proviso, being reported, by the Committee, as fit to be inserted, was read; viz." And that all Grants, Conveyances, Leases, Devises, Assurances, Statutes, Recognizances, and Judgments, for Debt or Damages heretofore had, made, or suffered, by any Person, or his Heirs, whose Conviction, Utlagary, or Attainder, is, by this Act, discharged, or made void, shall be of the same Force and Effect, as if no such Conviction, Outlagary, or Attainder, had been."

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that this Clause be added to the said Third Proviso.

The said Provisoes, so amended, together with the Amendments of Yesterday, being put to the Question, . were agreed unto.

Ordered, That Serjeant Glyn do carry this Bill, and the . said Provisos, so amended, to the Lords.

Ordered, That the Bill, sent from the Lords, toudhing the Lord St. Johns, be read the Second time on Monday Morning.

Mr. Goodrich reports a Bill, for indemnifying certain Officers in Courts of Justice: Which was this Day read the First and Second time; and, upon the Question, ordered to be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Members of this House, that serve for the City of London, do go to the Lord Mayor and Common Council of the said City, and receive an I i Account

Account of them, what they have done, concerning the Proposal made to the City, from the Parliament, for borrowing One hundred thousand Pounds upon Security Of the Poll- Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Dr. and <, Two Mailers of the Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to bring down the Poll- Bill , and to signify, that they do concur with the Desires of this House in the Amendments thereof.

Sir Henage Finch reports, that, according to the Commands of this House, the Committee attended the Lords at a Conference Yesterday; and that the Substance of the said Conference was as followeth:

" That the Matter thereof was about the Bill of Indemnity: Tofhew wherein they did adhere to their former Amendments; and wherein they do agree with the Alterations made by this House."

" That the Lord Finch did manage the Conference For the House of Peers: And was pleased to tell us, in the first Place, that, in the Clause concerning the y

were willing to agree with this House, with some Amendments;" — (which the Reporter did particularly open; and are specified in a Paper, then delivered, to be communicated to this House;) — " and these being agreed, it will comprehend their agreeing to some other Words in the Bill, touching his Majesty's Dominions."

" His Lordship told us, that, to that Clause, in the Ninth Skin, the First Line, which concerns several Persons that were Judges of his late Majesty, they adhered, as they formerly sent k down; that is, to the Blotting out of that Clause: Whereby they were reserved to future Penalties; and to the excepting of them for Life; for which he offered some Realons: That though it be true we are now upon an Act of Indemnity and Oblivion, yet they hoped we would not make it an Act of Oblivion of our Duty to God, the King, and the Safety and Honour of the Kingdom."

" He took notice, that this Kingdom having now arrived to a Miracle of Preservation when the Pit of De-struction was open, and the Privileges thereof, in all the Parts of them, invaded; when the Murder of the King had been committed, against all the Laws of God and Man; This ought to stir up in us a Sense more than ordinary: And therefore, he thought it fit for us to consider our Dirty to the King, a gracious Prince, and a Prince endeared to us by the miraculous Preservation of his Person by the Hand of Heaven j a Prince that had suffered great Afflictions, like Joseph in Egypt, lying long in Fetters; and That such as entered into his Soul, like , when he was hunted as a Partridge in the Wilderness; and, that had received Deliverance like to that of David's and Joseph's, being both in the Thirtieth Year of their

Age: And the Afflictions, that befel this good King, were the Effects of the Counsels of these Men that are now in Question."

" He said, we are next to consider the Safety of the Kingdom: Their Lordships did not think it fit nor safe for this Kingdom, that they should live: Here they cannot live; nor Abroad with Safety; for Danger to a Kingdom is not always within 'Doors: Their Life may give them Opportunity of tampering to the Working of Mif-chief Abroad. Then, for the Honour of the Kingdom; first, in point of Justice, Blood requires Blood; and he instanced in' the Gibeonites, the Shedding of their Blood could not be expiated but by the Shedding of Blood."

" He took notice, that his Majesty's Honour was concerned in the Infamy, which the Shedding of that Royal Blood hath brought upon this Nation, in the Eyes of foreign Nations; and that this is the Only Opportunity to take it off."

" He took notice of an Objection, from the Proclamation, ifilled by his Majesty, on the Desire of both Houses; and, before he gave Answer to that, he observed, the ‘ wonderful Moderation the King, and House of Peers,

5

had shewed in their Proceeding towards the Punishment of Offenders at this Time. His Lordship observed, that to petition to bring a King to Justice; to summon him to Justice; to lit upon him, when he was summoned to Justice; and to abuse the People by Suggestions that might lead them to approve this Action; made them lb criminal, as none could excuse them: These Proceedings were all High Treason in themselves; and, yet, all thel'e are pretermitted in the Act of Oblivion: These are those who murdered his Royal Father; those that sentenced him, and signed the Warrant: Which Moderation he made use of to shew, that they might have been more strict in this Cafe. And, to the Objection, from the Proclamation, he said, Something sure was intended by it: But, first, the Proclamation was but negative in the Words of it; and That, which can be gathered from it, is only Implications out of a Negative. He took notice, how the Proclamation runs; first, " that because divers " Persons are fled from Justice, that they cannot be " brought tb a legal Trial, therefore they are summoned u to render themselves": Whence, it was argued, that the Meaning thereof was suitable to the Recital, " to bring " them to Justice."

" He observed, that this Proclamation calls in, among the rest. Life, and Sey: It might have added Baxter and Scott; and yet none will say it intended to par-. don Them: Therefore he gathered, there could not be supposed an absolute Intention in that Proclamation to pardon all that came in upon it: For, the very Persons instanced in, had they come in, had yet not been pardoned. He observed, that the Proclamation fays, they must come in, under Pain of being excepted from Pardon and Indemnity, for Life and Estate; and, that we ourselves had resolved to confiscate their Estates, notwithstanding the rendering of themselves: And thence his Lordship argued thus: If it be just to take away their Estates, it is as just to take away their Lives: If it be hot just: to take away their Lives, then it is not just to take away their Estates. His Lordship said further. If these Persons, thus excepted for Life and Estate, should, by us, be not excepted for Life, but subjected only to future Penalties; then the Consequence would be, that we shall adhere to the Pardon of some to Life, who are more guilty, a great deal, than some of the Persons whom we have excepted for Life; some of them having been, at all the Sittings on the King, diligent Attendants thereon, all the while; some of them designing the Place of Slaughter, before his own House. It is true, he said, the Thrones of Kings are established by Judgment and Mercy: But Mercy had been shewed already; and nothing remains now, for Support of his Throne, but Justice: And therefore his Lordship concluded this Point with-Advice; " Let the Wickedness of these Men fall on their own Heads; but let the Throne of our King be established for ever."

" To die Exception of the Four Persons that follow in the Clause concerning Vane, Lambert &c. they also adhere, that they should stand excepted for Life: His Lordship said indeed, they were not excepted as Murderers; but he took notice, that the King, of whose Wisdom none can or doth doubt, and of whose Wisdom, he knows, this House hath as great a Veneration, as any, his Majesty himself, fitting the Parliament, (who could not but take notice of it) thought fit to commit these Persons to the Tower of London intimated, by some Letters of his Majesty's in Print, " if there be Persons dangerous to the Safety of the Nation"; — and, as such, he looked on these: But he said withal, if they were capable of Mercy, no Question but the King, the Fountain of Mercy, He would extend it to them. In the mean time, their Lordships thought it fit to leave them to the Mercy of die King; and so he hoped this* House will too."

"To the Exception of those other Four Persons, that fat in the several High Courts of Justice, their Lordships also adhere. He observed, it was some Moderation in the House of Peers, that they take no more than one apiece:

He

He laid, This was done among them suddenly, and at the Table, without Conference with any other Persons, or meditating a Revenge; to shew the Candour and Plain-ness of their Proceedings: He confessed, it was equal and just, there should be a like Expiation, for the Breach made on the Privilege of the Commons; and that some Persons should be excepted on their Account: But their Lordships were as careful of the Privileges of this House, as of their own; and, having more Reason to expert it from us, than to fend it to us, therefore they omitted That."

"To the Proviso, whereby the Sixteen are lent down under an Incapacity of all publick Employment, their Lordships do agree, being content to acquiesce in Their incapacitating only; and to omit the Adjourning of them to future Pains and Penalties."

The Amendments, delivered by the Lords, at the said Conference, were read; and, after, read by Parts.

The First Amendment was read; being as followeth; viz. This House doth agree with the House of Commons, in the Proviso concerning Ireland, with these Amendments; viz.

7th Skin, 30th Line, after the Words " passed in," and before the Word " the," put in these Words,

" Parliament begun at Westmin, the Third Day of November, in:" Which, upon the Question, was agreed unto.

The Second Amendment; 33d Line, after the Word " fame," and before the Wand " nor," put in these Words, " other than such as by another Act, intended hereafter to be passed, shall be therein named, mentioned, or expressedto be pardoned" was read; and, On the Question, agreed unto.

The Third Amendment; viz. 35 Line, after the Word " Ireland," and before the Word " any," put in these Words, " and their Heirs, and such other Person and Persons, as in and by an Act, intended to be hereafter passed, shall be therein named, mentioned, or expressed, in that Behalf," was read; and, on the Question, agreed unto.

The Fourth Amendment; same Line, after the Word " Estate," and before the Word " in," in the Interlineation, put in these Words, " Liberties, Fran-tchises, or Hereditaments," was read; and, on the Question, agreed unto.

The next Amendment; 9 Skin, ift Line,

resolved, the Lords do adhere to the Names of the Persons who were the King's Judges &c.; and as they formerly sent them down:

The Amendment, oth Skin, ill Line, as it was at First lent down from the Lords, was also read:

Ordered, That it be referred to a Committee, to state the Matter of Fast, upon the present Debate, about this Amendment; and report it to this House Tomorrow Morning; viz. Mr. Ellijton, Sir Solomon , Sir Ed-

ward Turner, Sir Geo. Booth, Mr. Hollis, Mr. Allen, Mr. Bryn, Colonel King, Serjeant Glyn, Serjeant Hales, Sir Wm. Wild, Sir Rich, Mr. Mr. Swm-

fin. Sir Henage Finch, Mr. , Sir Rich. Temple,

Sir John Bowyer, Sir Gilb. Mr. Shapcot, Sir

Lancelot Lake, Sir Wm. Waller, Mr. Charlton, Sir Allen Broadr.ick, Mr. Breretan, Sir John Lowther, Mr. cawen.Sir John Temple, Mr. Mr. Tong: And are

to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: With Power to fend for Persons, Books, Papers, Journals; and particularly the Book, and other Writings, touching this Business, formerly sent from this House to the Lords; and what else may conduce to the Business. 1

Ordered, That Sir Jo. L, a Member of this House, have the Leave of this House to go into the Country; and be also dispensed with from attending the Employment of one of tire Treassurers for the Poll- Bill.

Saturday, i8lh A, 1660.

Prayers.

L) Efolved, That lb much of the Debt of Two thousand Six hundred Pounds, payable, by Order of Parliament, to Samuel Vassall of London Merchant, and charged on the Excise, as remains due and unpaid, both Principal and Interest, be charged on the Receipt of Excise; and that, of the Interest-Money due thereupon, there be forthwith paid to the said Mr. or his

Assigns, for his present Support, the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; which the Commissioners of Excise are hereby impowered, and required to satisfy, and pay to him, or his Assigns, accordingly: And this Order, together with the Acquittance of him, or his Assigns, testifying the Receipt thereof, shall be, to the said Commissioners of Excise, a sufficient Warrant and Discharge.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee for publick Debts, to examine what remains due to Mr. Samuel Vassall, on Orders of Parliament; and state the fame, and report it to this House.

A Bill for enabling John Windham, Thomas Windham, and Wm. Windham, to fell Timber on the Manors of brigge, Aylemerton, and other Manors and Lands, in the County of Norfolk, was this Day read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time, on Wednesday Morning next.

A Bill for establishing the Congregation of the Dutch Bay-Hall in Colchester, to practise the Art and Trade of Bay and Say-making, was this Day read the Second rime; and, upon the Question, committed to the Committee, for encouraging the Woollen Manufactures: And that Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Knight, Sir John Frederick, Sir Wm. Doyley, be added to this Committee.

Ordered, That it be referred to the said Committee^ to bring in a Bill for regulating of all other Bays in the several Parts of the Nation.

Mr. Pryn reports, from the Committee, further A-t mendments to the Bill for Confirmation of Leases, made by Mailers of Colleges and Hospitals, and others, being referred to them by an Order of Tuesday last: Which were twice read; and, upon the Question* agreed unto.

Ordered, That this Bill be ingrossed.

A Clause was tendered to this Bill, that tins Bill shall not extend to make good Leases granted over the Head of antient Tenants, who came in due Time to renew, their Leases: Which was read; and laid aside.

The House resumed the Debate upon the Amendments to the Bill for the Excise; and the said Amendments, being put to the Question, were agreed unto.

Resolved, That the present Committee for the Army, be the Commissioners for Appeals, and regulating the Excise; and inserted into the Bill.

Ordered, That this Bill, thus amended, be ingrossed.

Mr. Annejley reports, from the Committee appointed to go into the City of London, to borrow One hundred thousand Pounds; that the said Committee went into the City of London to the Lord Mayor and Common Council; but could then have no positive Answer, only, that a Committee should be appointed to take the same into Consideration.

Sir Wm.Vincent gave an Account to the House, that

he, and the rest of the Committee, had been with the Lord Mayor, and received this Answer from the Lord Mayor; that he had received no Account, as yet, from the Committee; but he will appoint a Common Council on Tuesday in the Afternoon; and that then they will give Satisfaction to this House therein.

Ordered,

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Wild, and the other Members of this House, who serve for the City of London % and Sir John Langbam, and the rest of the Members of this House of the said City, do bring the Answer of the Common Council to this House, on Morning

next.

Sir Wm.Wild reports the Matter of Fast, upon the

Amendment, Yesterday in Debate, touching the excepting of the Persons, who fat in Judgment upon the late King, in the pretended High Court of Justice, when Sentence of Death was pronounced against him, out of the Act of General Pardon.

Resolved, That the ingrafted Bill for Excise be now

read.

The ingrafted Bill for Continuance of the Excise, until the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1660; was this Day read the Third time.

A Proviso was tendered to this Bill; that all English Salt shall pay One Farthing per Gallon Excise; and all Scotch Salt shall pay One Penny per Gallon Excise.

And the Question being put, that this Proviso be read

It passed with the Negative.

Resolved, That this be the Title of this Bill; viz. An Act for Continuance of the Excise, till the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1660.

And the said Bill, being put to the Question, passed.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Glyn do carry this Bill, with the Bill for Confirmation of judicial Proceedings, to the Lords.

A Message from the Lords, by Dr. Child and », Two Matters of Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have returned the Bill of Excise, which they have passed; and, presuming that his Majesty will be desired to be speedily at the House of Peers, to pals the fame, they do therefore desire that this House will fit a while.

Resolved, That this House will fit a while j and that That Answer be given to the Messengers.

The Messengers were again called in; and Mr. Speaker gave them this Answer;

The House has considered of your Message; and they will fit a while.

The House being informed, that the Black Rod was at the Door, he was called in; and, Handing in the Midst of the House, with the Black Rod in his Hand, he delivered this Message i

Mr. Speaker,

The King hath commanded me to let you know, that it is his Pleasure, that yourself, and the rest of the Members of this House, do presently attend him in the House of Lords.

Mr. Speaker, with divers Members of the House with him, did accordingly attend the King's Majesty in the House of Lords: And Mr. Speaker, by Command of the House, did carry with him the Act, intituled, An Act for continuing of the Excise, until the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1660, for his Majesty *s Consent.

Resolved, That a free Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference; and that the Matter of Fast, this Day reported, touching the King's Judges, be presented to the Lords; to declare and shew, how far this House is engaged: And that Serjeant Halesy Mr. Swinfin, Sir Wm. Wildy Mr. Allen, Serjeant Maynard', Mr. An Colonel King, Mr.

Holler, Mr. Pryny Sir Geo. Boothy Sir Antho. Ashley , Sir Henage Finch, Mr. Charltonand Sir Edward Turner, do manage this Conference.

Ordered, That this Committee do prepare Heads for " this Conference, and present them to this House, on

Monday Morning: And are to meet at Three of the Clock; this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Dr. Child and *, Two Matters of the Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, the Lords have commanded us to let you know, that the Lords do agree to those Amendments, which this House sent to them, about the Act for Confirmation of judicial Proceedings.

Ordered, That the Clerk of this House do safely keep, in his own Custody, the Warrant for Execution of the late King and that he do not deliver the same out of his Hands to any Person whatsoever.

This House adjourns to Monday next, at Eight of the Clock.

Mo?iday, August 20th, 1660.

Prayers.

A Bill for enabling George , to fell Lands for Payment of his Debts, making Provision for his younger Children, to make his Wife a Jointure, not exceeding Four hundred Pounds per , was this Day read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time. On Wednesday Morning next.

Mr. Pryn reports Amendments to the Bill for reducing Interest to Six Pounds per Cent3: Which Amendments were first read by him in his Place -, and, after, were twice read by the Clerk; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

Ordered, That the said Bill be ingrossed.

Sir Wm. Doyley reports from the Committee of the Army, that whereas several Receivers and Collectors of the monthly Assessments in the Country, who have considerable Sums of Money in their Hands, of the Twelve Months Assessment, commencing Twenty-fourth June 1659; and the Six Months Assessment, commencing Twenty-fifth December 1659; and have received Orders to pay the said Money into the Treasury, or to appear before the Committee for the Army, to clear their Accounts; have nor obeyed the said Orders; whereby the several Forces, for whose Pay the said Monies have been long since assigned, receive much Prejudice:

This House is humbly desired to give such Order and Direction therein, as to their Wisdom shall seem meet.

He also reports from the said Committee, that there are several great Sums of Money in Arrear, in several Counties, of the said Twelve Months and Six Months Assessment, which were assigned to several Regiments in Part of their Pay; but the People refuse to pay the Money, because it was granted by an illegal Power: Therefore the House is humbly desired to give their further Direction.

A Declaration of both Houses of Parliament, published the 16th of May last, was read.

Resolved, That it be referred to the Committee for the Army, to bring in a Bill for collecting the Arrears of the Assessments for the Twelve Months, commencing the Twenty-fourth of June 1659; and the Six Months Assessment, commencing 25. December 1659; taking care, in the Draught thereof, that where any of the Assessments are not paid by the Persons on whom charged, the same be levied of the Parties; and, where they have been paid, to charge it on the Receivers, or their Security.

Resolved, That the same of Rob. Guarum, Receiver General for Corntwall, touching Five hundred and Twenty Pounds, Part of the Monies received by him of the Ai-feflinents of that County, paid by the Commissioners, and other Gentry, of tha: County, on extraordinary

Occasions,

Occassions for the publick Service j be referred to the said Committee.

Rtfohed, That all other Cafes of the same Nature be referred to the feme Committee.

Sir Wm. Wild reports from the Committee, to whom it was referred, to prepare Heads for a Conference with the Lords, An Expedient, touching the Clause relating to the King's Judges, mentioned in the Lords Amendment to the Bill of general Pardon and Oblivion.

Ordered, That Sir John Nor do go to the Lords, and desire a present free Conference with them, upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference.

Ordered, That the Debate upon the Amendments to the Ministers Bill be taken up Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of Clock.

Sir John Northcot reports, that he had, according to the Command of this House, attended the Lords with the Desire of this House, of a free Conference; and that the Lords do agree thereunto.

The ingrossed Bill, for indemnifying Of several Officers in Courts of Justice, was read the Third time; and, on the Question, passed.

Resolved, That the Title of this Bill be,. An Act for indemnifying of certain Officers in Courts of Justice.

A Bill for Encouragement of Navigation was this Day read the Second time; and, upon the Question, committed to the Committee for Encouragement of woollen Manufacture, and Navigation: And that Mr. Pryn, Mr; Thomas, Sir Anthony Irby, be added to that Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitmore, a Member of this House, have Leave to go into the Country.

Ordered, That Sir John Hotbam, a Member of this House, have Leave to go into the Country.

Ordered, That Mr. Dowdeswell,. a Member of this House, have Leave to go into the Country.

Mr. Annejley reports, that, according to the Order of

this House, the Committee had been with the Lords at the Conference; and there offered the Expedient, and tried the Arguments, which they were directed to offer; ind left the feme to their Consideration.

Tuesday, August 21th, 1660.

Pa. ay Eft.S.

{XRdered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Forest of Deane is referred, have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, Witnesses, Records; and what elle may conduce to the Business.

The humble Petition of Captain Isaac Burges, of the County of Wilts; and a CertiRcate from the underwritten Commissioners for the late Militia in the said County; were read.

Ordered, That it be referred to a Committee, to prepare the Form of a Protestation to be taken by the Members of the House, concerning the Bill for confirming of College-Leases, which was taken off from the Table Yesterday; and that Tomorrow the feme be offered to each Member of the House, who shall be then present.

Ordered, That Mr. Pryn, Colonel King, Sir John Northcot, Sir Wm.Lewis, Sir John Mr.

ford, and Mr. Wingfeild, be the said Committee.

The ingrossed Bill for enabling Augustine Skynner, and TVm. Skynner, to make Sale of some Lands, for Payment

of Debts, was this Day read the Third time; and, upon the Question, passed.

Ordered, That the Title of the said Bill be, An Act for enabling Augustine Skynner, and to mike

Sale of some Lands, for Payment of Debts.

Ordered, That Mr. Francis Bacon do carry this Bill to the Lords.

/ < f ‘ '

Ordered, That Mr. Cambell the Constable; who mif* behaved himself towards a Member of this House, being now in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, be forthwith discharged of his Imprisoniiienti he paying his Fees.

Ordered, That the Act for continuing the Excise to the Twenty-fifth of December next, be printed by the Printers of this House, according to the Original, remaining in this House.

The humble Petition of John Dodderidge, Minister of Shapperton in the County of being tendered

to the House, and the Effect thereof opened; complaining, that, on the Fifth of August Instant, he was, with Force and Violence; dispossessed of the said Rectory, contrary to his Majesty's proclamation;

Ordered, That the said Petition of the said John Dod~ deridge be referred to the Justices of the Peace of the County of Middlesex; to examine the Force; and to do therein according to Law.

The House resumed the Debate upon the Amendments, reported from the Committee, to the Bill for Ministers Livings: Which Amendments were read:

Resolved, That after the Word " Act," Folio 3, Line 17, these Words be added, " and thereupon lo adjudged by the said Commissioners." —

Ordered, That Sir Anthony Irby do carry to the Lords the Bill for indemnifying certain Officers in Courts of Justice.

And he carried the same to the Lords accordingly. —

The Question bang propounded, that these Words,' viz. " or constantly refused to administer the same," be added to the Amendment offered by the Committee in these Words, viz. " or which hath not, by Preaching, Printing, or Writing, declared his Judgment to be against the Administering of the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper to such Persons as were not scandalous or ignorant;"

And the Question being put; that the feme be now put;

It passed in the Affirmative:

And the main Question being put;

The House was divided:

And the Yeas went forth.

Sir Tho. Meeres, c Tellers for the Yeas i }

Lord Richardson, I With the Yeas,) 2'

Sir Ralph Knight, C Tellers for the Noes: 1 ,

Colonel King, I With the Noes, 5 145

And so it passed in the Negative.

The Question being propounded, that this House doth agree with the Committee in this Clause, contained in one of the Amendments offered by the Committee, viz. " or which hath not, by Preaching, Printing, or Write-ing, declared his Judgment to be against the Administering of the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper to such Persons as were not scandalous or ignorant;"

It passed in the Negative.

The rest of the Amendments, to the last Line of the 3d Polio, and the additional Clause, beginning with these Words, " or which hath not subscribed any Petition to bring the late King fcfr;" and ending with these Words, " not scandalous, or ignorant fcfr." put in the Paragraph} were, with the Omission of the Clause last above-mentioned, upon the putting of them severally to the Question, agreed.

» K k Wednesday,

I JO

Journals of the House of Commons. A. i

Wednesday, August 22th, 1660.

Prayers.

THE Question being put, that the several Sums of Money, due to Henry Esquire, and Lancelot Emot, Provost Marshal of Westmin and Middlesex; and

formerly ordered by an Order of this House, of the Fourteenth of July last, to be paid out of the Estates of Recufents, remaining in the Hands of any of the Receivers General; be charged on the Moiety of the Receipt of Excise;

It palfed in the Negative.

The Bill for enabling of John 'Thomas

ham, and Wm. Windham, to fell Timber off the Manors of Felbrigg,. Aylmer ton, and other Lands, in notwithstanding a Clause in a Settlement therein mentioned, was read the Second time , and, on the Question, committed to Lord Richardson, Sir Wm. Doyley, Sir Geo. Reeve, Sir Wm. WheelerMr. , Mr. Minors, Sir Anthony Irby, Mr. Rich, Sit Lancelot Lake, Sir

John Holland, Sir Henry Cefar, Mr. , Mr. Mr. Charlton, Mr. Wingfeild, Mr. Mallet, Mr. Knight-ley, Mr. Huxley, Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. Mr.

Crowtcb, Lord Ancram, Sir Capell Luckin, Sir Vincent, :and all the Knights and Burgesses that serve for the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk: And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Witnesses -, and what else may conduce to the Business.

The ingrossed Bill for reducing the Interest of Money to Six per Cent', by the Year, was read the Third time.

Ordered, That. Sir Edward Tumer, Mr. Allen, Mr. Charlton, and Serjeant Hales, do withdraw, and consider of what was now in Debate, concerning Contrafts already made j and report their Opinion therein to the House.

-Resolved, That the Sum of Twenty thousand Five hundred Pounds, which remains unpaid of the Fifty thousand Pounds formerly charged, by Order of this House, on the Three Months Assessment, after Seventy thousand Pounds by the Month, commencing the Twenty-fourth of June 1660, for the special Use of the King's Majesty, be forthwith paid, to his Majesty's Use, Out of the Monies arising by the said Assessments, to such Person as his Majesty shall appoint to receive the feme*, in foil of the said Fifty thousand Pounds: And Sir Thomas Player, Receiver General of the said Assessments, is required to pay the said Twenty thousand Five hundred Pounds accordingly; And whereas Sir John Robinson, Sir John Langham, and feme other Gentlemen, Members of this House, did advance and pay, m Money, and by Letters of Credence, towards the said Fifty thousand Pounds, several Sums of Money, amounting in the Whole to Twenty-nine thousand Five hundred Pounds; the said Receiver General is hereby impowered and required to fetisfy and pay, to the several Persons who advanced the feme, as aforesaid, interest, for the several and respective Sums by them advanced towards the said Twenty-nine thousand Five hundred Pounds, after the Rate of Six Pounds per Centfrom the time the same was advanced, to the time the feme are or shall be repaid to them respectively.

Ordered, That Sir George Browne, a Member of this House, have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

Ordered, That Mr. Tolfon, a Member of this House, have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

The humble Petition of the Mailers of Ships in being, and of several Mailers who have lost their Ships by the unhappy War which hath been betwixt the King

of Spain and this Nation, for several Years past, was this Day read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee for Encouragement of Trade and Navigation, to be by them considered of.

Ordered, That the Amendments to the Bill for enabling Mr. Newton to fell Lands, for Payment of his Debts, be reported Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill against Profanation of the Sabbath, and That against Swearing, be taken into Consideration next after Dispatch of the Bill for Ministers.

Sir Edward Turner reports, frbih the Committee appointed to withdraw. Amendments to the Bill for reducing Interest to Si x per Cent', by the Year.

Resolved, That after the Word " Contract," in the 17 Line, these Words, " to be made," be omitted; and the Word " shall," next after " September," in the 17 Line, be inserted, instead of the said Words, " to be made." '

Resolved, That the Title of the said Bill be, An Act for Restraining the taking of excessive Usury.

And the Bill, so amended, being put to the Question, palfed.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Turner do carry this Bill to the Lords. - -

The House resumed the Debate upon the Bill touching Ministers: And the several Amendments in Page 4, Line 2, Line 4, Line 13, Line 18; Page 5, Line 1, Line 5, Line 15, Line 16; Page 6, Line 1, Line 8 Page 7, Line 5; being read, and severally put to the Question, were agreed unto.

A Proviso reported, beginning, " Provided always* and be it further Enacted, That if any rightful Patron and ending with these Words, " in some other Benefice," the feme, concerning Clerks presented to those styled Commissioners for Approbation of publick Preachers,' and the Committee for plundered Ministers; and by them refused to be admitted; was read; and, on the Question* agreed unto.

A Proviso, concerning Persons, who, since 2 5 December last, have yielded up, or agreed to yield up, their Benefices;

And another Proviso, concerning an Agreement between the Parties concerned for the Acquittal of Fifths; were read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The next Proviso reported, concerning those who have more than one Ecclesiastical Benefice, with Cure of Souls, to enjoy one of them, and no more, at his Election, except in case of Surrender &V. was read; and, on the Question, agreed unto. —

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. EJlcourt and Dr. Hobart, Matters of Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent us to wait upon you, to desire a present free Conference with you, in; the Painted Chamber, concerning the Matter of the last free Conference upon the Bill of General Pardon and Indemnity.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to a present Conference with the Lords, as is desired.

Resolved, That the feme Committee, that managed the last free Conference, do manage this free Conference: And that Mr. Peirpont, Mr. Secretary Morris, and Sir Wm. Lewis, be added to the said Committee.

The Messengers being again called in, Mr. Speaker gave them this Answer;

The House hath considered of your Message; and do agree to a present free Conference.

Several Members of the House going out of the House to the Panted Chamber, before the Messengers were called in, and an Answer returned; they were sent for by the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, with the Mace, And they returned to the House.

Sir

Sir Anthony Irby reports, that, according to the Order of this House, he delivered to the Lords Yesterday the Bill for indemnifying certain Officers in Courts of Justice.

Ordered, That the Report of the Conference had With the Lords this Day be made Tomorrow Morning. —

The House proceeded further in the Amendments to the Bill for Ministers:

A Clause reported, relating to Page 7/ Line 11. concerning the Minister, now in Possession, who shall continue and be settled in his Benefice, his paying all Arrears of Fifths, or other Sums in lieu thereof, due by any Order or Agreement, as have accrued, during his being possessed thereof, to the ejected or sequestered Minister , and his paying, during such time as he shall lb continue fetded therein, (if the sequestered or ejected Person shall so long live) the Fifths, or other Sums of Money, due, as aforesaid, to the said sequestered or ejected Minister, yearly, by Four equal Portions; and, in Default thereof, the Person sequestered or ejected may recover the same by Action of Debt; and also, for directing a Way for the sequestered and ejedted Minister to recover his Fifths j was read *, and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

Resolved, That the Word " Successors" be added in the said Clause, touching Payment of the Fifths to Ministers not restored to their Benefices.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Turner do bring in a Proviso, for Payment of Fifths to Ministers ejedted or removed, for the Time to come; and one other Proviso, concerning the Regius Professors of Cambridge and , that this Act extend not to oust them of the Livings belonging to their laid Places.

Ordered, That if the Bishop of Chichester had a legal Right to the Parsonage of Petworth, that a Proviso be brought in for laving his Right.

‘Thursday^ August 23d, 1660.

Prayers.

A Bill, for confirming to Charles Doe the Manor of Hitcham purchased of John , was read the First time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Second time on Saturday next;

Mr. Jones reports Amendments to the Bill for enabling jfohn Newton to fell Lands for Payment of his Debts: "Which he read, with the Connedkion, in his Place and were afterwards read, by the Clerk, the First and Second time , and, on the Question, agreed unto.

Ordered, That the said Bill be ingrafted.

Mr. Charlton reports Amendments to the Bill for Mr. Wm. Adams' Hospital, in Newport: Which he first read in his Place *, and were afterwards read, by the Clerk, the First and Second time j and, on the Question, agreed.

Resolved, That this Bill be ingrafted.

Mr. Pryn reports further Amendments to the Bill for Leases, from Colleges, Hospitals: Which were read the First and Second time; and, on the Question, agreed.

Resolved, That the said Bill, with these and the former Amendments, be ingrafted.

The humble Petition of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Art or Mystery of Dyers, of the City of London, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred ,to the Committee for regulating of woollen Manufactures, and Encouragement of Trade and Navigation *, to take the

2

fame into their Consideration, and report their Opinion therein to this House.

Resolved, That no private Business be entertained in this House, on any Day, after Half an Hour after Nine <)f the Clock, till further Order.

A Proviso, tendered to the Bill for Confirmation of Leases made by Mailers of Colleges, Governors of Hospitals, &c. was read, to the Effect following *,

" Provided always, that no Person or Persons shall be confirmed in any Mastership, Headship, or Fellow-ship, in any College in either of the Universities of Oxford or Cambridge, or in the Colleges of Eaton and Winch eft er, that is not an ordained Minister, by Bishops, or Presbyters, where, by the local Statutes of the said respective Colleges, Ordination is required."

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee that brought in the Bill, to consider of the said Bill and Pro* viso*, and to prepare it, so as it may be ready to be offered in Parchment, when the ingrafted Bill shall be brought in.

Ordered, That the Marquis of Winchester's Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

t

Sir Edward Turner, in pursuance of the Order of Yesterday, reports Two several Provisoes, and an enading Clause, to be added to the Bill for fetding Ministers in their Livings: Which were read the First and Second time: The one Proviso, concerning the Restoring of the Rectory of Eweline in the County of Oxon, to Dr. Rob. Saunderson, Regius Professor of the University of Oxford, to be enjoyed by him and his Successors, according to 3 former Grant: The other Proviso, concerning the Restore* ing and Confirming of the Rectory of Somersham, in the County of Huntington, to Doctor Anthony Tuckney, the present Regius Professor of Divinity in the University of Cambridge , to be enjoyed by him and his Successors, according to a formeE Grant: And the said enading Clause, concerning the Payment of Fifths to Ministers sequestered and ejeded, and not restored by this Act, during their Lives, by Four equal Portions yearly: Which, with some Amendments made at the Table, were, upon the Question, agreed unto. '

Resolved, That the Word " Successors," voted Yesterday to be inferred in the First Part of the additional Clause reported from the Committee* and then read, concerning the Arrears of Fifths to sequestered Ministers, be omitted.

Resolved, That the Second Part of the said Clause, concerning Payment of the Fifths to sequestered Mini-ltens for the future, during their Lives, be omitted.

A Message from the Lords,: by Doctor Hobart said Mr. Glascock, Masters of Chancery*,

Mr. Speaker,-The Lords desire the Concurrence of the Commons to these Three Bills, which concern the Marquis of Newcastle, the Earl of Brifioll, and the Earl of Winchelsea.

And therewith the Three Bills were delivered in.

Another Message from the Lords, by Mr. Justice Tyr* rell and Mr. Baron Turner,

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent us to you with this Message*, to let you know, that the Marquis of Worcester hath acknowledged, that the Patent of the Dukedom of Sommerfet was made to him, upon Conditions on his Part.to be performed, which he hath not performed; and that therefore he hath not assumed the Place or Title: And is willing to submit to be surrendered, or otherwise disposed, as the King shall appoint *, but that it is in the Hands of his Son, the Lord Herbert, who is a Member of the House of Commons: And therefore to desire,; that the Lord Herbert may deliver it up to the Marquis of Worcester.

v '; The

The Messengers being again called in, Mr. Speaker gave them this Answer

The House has considered of your Message; and will return an Answer by Messengers of their own.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill concerning the Marquis of Hertford is referred, be revived; and do fit Tomorrow in the Afternoon.

Resolved, That the Message from the Lords, concerning the Patent of the Dukedom of , be referred

to the same Committee.

Sir Henage Finch reports, that the Committee, to whom it was referred, had attended the Lords at a Conference Yesterday; and that the Substance of the fad Conference was as followeth:

" The Conference was managed by the Lord Chancellor; who applied his Reasons to these Heads: "

" 1. To the Persons involved in the Exception for Life and Estate, as Murderers of his late Majesty: ' '

" 2. To the Four that are excepted for Life and Estate; viz. Sir Henry Vane, Sir Arthur Hejilrigg, Colonel Lambert, and Colonel rfxtell

" 3. To those who fat in High Courts of Justice upon the Peers."

" He told us, the Lords had weighed the Reasons offered from this House, with a great Desire of Concurrence, and Willingness to retract from their own Reason, if they had found Cause. His Lordship observed, the Reasons urged were taken partly from his Majesty's Declaration, and partly from the Proclamation issued by Advice of both Houses. He took notice, that his Majesty had frequently interposed, and been sollicitous, for the Dispatch of this Bill; yea so far, that (as he expressed himself) no guilty Person in the Kingdom did more desire the passing of it, than himself: And, for the Declaration at Breda, he said, it was not to be doubted but his Majesty would most religiously observe it. But whereas it had been offered, that his Majesty tendered an absolute Pardon to all Persons; and that the Exception mentioned was in the Nature of a Defeazance thereunto; and that, if a Bill had been tendered, without an Exception, his Majesty had been obliged to pass it: To that, his Lordship anifwered, True, it was so; and had a Bill been tendered to the King, without any Exception at all, he had been much absolved, by concurring with the Houses, though much against his Judgment: But his Majesty was confident, when he sent that Message, that we would be as forward to do him and the Nation Justice, as He to desire it: And withal, he desired us to take notice, That Declaration came inclosed in a Letter, which reposed an intire Confidence in the Houses of Parliament; and in which, there is this Clause; " If there be a crying Sin, for which the Nation may be involved in the Infamy that attended it. We cannot doubt, but that you will be as sollicitous to redeem and vindicate' the Nation from that Guilt and Infamy, as We can beAnd his Lordship said. His Majesty could never doubt, but the Parliament would have as great Resentment of that Parricide, as the Honour and Justice of the Nation is greatly concerned in it. He told us. His Majesty (who was duly sensible of the great Wound he received in that fatal Day, when the News of it came to the Hague)bore but one Part of the Tragedy; for the whole World was sensible of it: And particularly instanced, that a Woman, at the Hague, hearing of it, fell down dead with Astonishment. His Lordship told us, by the way. He had the Honour to be then employed as the Minister of his publick Affairs into the Court of Spain; and that the King's Majesty, that now is, gave him in special Command, and as Part of his Instructions in that Negotiation, that, when he treated ' with the King of Spain, he should avow Mid declare, that the Murder of his Father was not looked upon, by him, as the Act of the Parliament or People of;

but, of a very wretched, and very little. Company of Miscreants in this Kingdom: And that his Majesty hath the same Opinion still; not doubting but, if no Letter had been sent, with the said Declaration, to intimate, by

way of Restriction, what Use should be made of his Declaration, yet the Parliament of England would be as forward to except his Father's Murderers from Pardon, as the Thing merits. And he desired us to consider, if God had wrought this Miracle of Restitution within a Month, or Year, of another short Time after the Fast committed, how full of Zeal, how full of Vengeance, had the Spirit of the Nation likely to have been. His Lordship took notice, that his Majesty's Proclamation was pressed, by us, out of a Tendemefs we had to the Honour of the'Nation, the King, and both Houses of Parliament, which are involved in it; and out of a Desire, that publick Invitations might not prove Snares: To which his Lordship said, That the Lords, themselves, being involved in the same Honour with us, (Aye, and the King too) hope, the Reasons, which did satisfy their Lordships, and had satisfied his Majesty, would satisfy this House. He did profess, that the Peers never had any other Sense of this Proclamation, than, as a Process, or Summons, under Pain of being excepted from any Pardon of Life or Estate, if they came not in He said, it was the Sense of the King too: And it was not credible any Man could imagine, that the King would ever have joined with the Houses in such a Proclamation, unless he had been confident the Houses would have meant so likewise. His Lordship pressed further, that, let the World judge of this Proclamation, they cannot but believe it was the Sense of this House too; for it could not be imagined, that, if Life, Say, Barkstead, Scott, who were all inserted into the Proclamation, had come in, they should have had the Benefit of their Lives. It is true, (his Lordship observed) the Exception- of these Men, by our Votes, was before the publishing of the Proclamation: But he desires Pardon, if That seems not, to the Peers, of any great Weight; for, whatsoever our Votes were, the Snare was the same upon such of the Persons concerned, who took notice of our Votes, not of the Proclamation; as Scott pleads, he heard of the Proclamation, not of the Votes. He pressed us duly to consider the Honour and Justice of the Nation; and, what a Reproach it would be, if such Offenders should escape Justice, after such a Crime. He put us in mind of feme Circumstances of Aggravation: First, A Libel is lately spread abroad, that justifies the Murder of the King, with a bare Face; yea, justifiesit, as necessary; and That on such wicked Grounds and Arguments, as, in the Logick of if, extends to the Person of our Sacred King that now is, should he fall into their Hands. He told us, one of the Persons we contend for, lurks still; and that a Serjeant at Arms being sent to apprehend him, he rescued himself; yea, the Sheriff of that County being required to give Assistance therein, he refused. For the Expedient offered; the Lords look upon it as That, which tends to the making of these Mens Conditions better than now it is; an Expedient, to put off the Discourse, and to make the Reasons, their Lordships had given, of less Weight hereafter than now.

To the other-Part, wherein they do adhere, as to the excepting for Life, Vane, Lambert, Hafilrigg, and Axtett, his Lordship said, he did not believe, that we of this House looked on these Persons as innocent Men; or, as Men so happy, as not to have any Crime laid to their Charge. He thinks, that, had-we that good Opinion of them, we should not ourselves have excepted them for future Pains and Penalties. He took notice to us, that the King's Speech to the House of Lords, when they had passed this Act of Indemnity, as far as they could, and included all these Men, his Father's Murderers, in that fatal Exception; gave them Thanks for their Justice of the immediate Murderers of his Father; and that, in that Speech, there was a subsequent Clause, which, if any Persons be dangerous to the State, recommended it to the Lords to have a Care of them also. Now, for one of them, that is Axtell, the Ground of excepting him was this; they had received Information from Ireland, (where he is belt known) which was first presented to the Council, and by them to their Lordships, that in the Year 1648, while the Murther was acting, and carrying on.

he prefied the Soldiers, with Violence, to Cry and clamour for Justice; and when the Violence had gone so. far* that the bloody Sentence was pronounced, he urged them to cry out " Execution." " Execution." For Lambert, his Lordship intimated, that we could not but take notice, how near he was to give a Turn to all the present Settlement we enjoy. For Hefilrigg, and Vane; his Lordship observed, that they were Persons, whom the secluded Members, after their Restitution, and when they were prepare-ing the Way for the great and good Work, which is now effected, looked upon as fit to be secured and confined: That, after the King was come in, these Gentlemen, not; withstanding the Censure on them by the secluded Members, and the blefifed End of the long Parliament, returned to Town j never applying themselves to the King, but lurked up and down, without giving any Account of themselves: And his Lordship added, that they look on them as Persons of a mischievous Activity: And therefore, their Lordships desire to leave them so the Mercy of the King *, with this further Intimation; that they would be ready to join with this House in a Petition to the King, that Mercy might be shewed them; and that his Severity might not extend to their Lives; And he did not doubt, but the Intercelfion of the Houses would be effectual for That. For the last Four, who fat in the High Courts of Justice; his Lordship observed, that we, of the House of Commons, had departed very much from our own Passion and Provocation, in urging it as a Reason why we could not agree, because we could not mingle the Expiation of the Blood of Peers with the Expiation of the Blood of the King: But That, he said, was not the Motive, but Justice itself upon so high a Breach of the Law: And offered to Considerationj whether it would not amount to justify those Courts, if some iSeverity were not used: But that was not much prefied, nor long insisted on."

" When his Lordship had made an End, some worthy (jentlefnen, that attended the Conference, offered something of Reply j and I may do them some Wrong in repeating it: But they are here, and can do Right to themselves. It was observed, that this Proclamation was but in the Nature of a Process: To which it was said; then at least they should have been heard, before they were excepted; which they were not."

" Secondly, In the summoning Part of the Proclamation; there is not one Word relating to a Trial; but the Parliament were busy in Proceeding upon the Act of Oblivion; and issued the Proclamation, that they might know in what Rank to place these Men: And, admitting that this Proclamation, as to the holding forth of Benefit to those that came in, amounts at highest to an Implication i yet, being an Implication, on which Men have put their Lives, it was dishonourable (as a worthy Member enforced it) to retract the Benefit held forth by the Proclamation. It was likewise observed, by the same worthy Member, that to except them as to a Trial, fig-nifies nothing; for they that do not come in, are however excepted as to a Trial. To which his Lordship answered. It is true, that in the Consequence of it, and as Things now stand, it is lb: Those that come not in, will have the Benefit of a Trial, if they be taken, as well as those that do come in: But, at the time of the Proclamation, it might have been expected to be otherwise; and that those who did not render themselves, should have been, ipso facto, attainted, and executed whensoever

found."

" Flis Lordship instanced the Example of Scott, who professed, for himself, that he rendered, on the Account of the Proclamation, though his Render will not serve his Turn: For that Render, which will save his Life, must be a Render to the Speaker or Sheriff*, to which he cannot pretend. But, his Lordship added, that if That be the Meaning of the Proclamation j to extend Benefit of Life to all that rendered themselves; the Equity is the fame, as to him: For, if a Man hear of the Proclamation, and that he should have the Benefit of it, if he rendered himself to the Speaker or Sheriff; and hastens, to do it j

but, being not able to do it within the Time, renders himself to a publick Minister , it would be hard to make him incapable of the Benefit intended by the Proclamation. Therefore his Lordship observed, those that ren-. dered themselves must not necessarily have the Benefit of their Lives. — It was then urged, that their Lordships had. excepted Persons that are dead, Maliverer,

Danvers, and others , and that the excepting of them out of the Act of Oblivion signifies nothing: But the Place where the Commons had put them, was, that theif Estates should be subject to future Penalties: A bare Exception subjects not their Estates to future Penalties j but, when the Act pafies, the Heir and Executor is discharged, though the Ancestor be excepted. To which his Lordship replied, they knew the Exception of itself operated nothing -, but, they supposed and believed, the Persons excepted by this Act would (as well as and Cromwell) be attainted *, for their Guilt was equal; and they might deserve alike. — For the Four Persons; it was observed, that to except Vane, and the rest, so as to involve them in the Danger of Life and Estate, and in the mean time to petition for their Pardon, was repugnant, in itself. To which his Lordship made no Reply, other than that fbill they were at the King's Mercy, which way soever the Proceedings passed.

The House taking notice by the Expressions of the Lord Chancellor, at a Conference with the Lords Yesterday, that when his Lordship was employed as a publick Minister from the King's Majesty that now is, to the Court of Spaing he did receive from his Majesty a special Command, (as Part of his Instructions) upon his Treaty with the King of Spain, in that Negotiation, to avow and declare, that the horrid Murder of his Royal Father was not the Act of the Parliament or People of England, but the Act of a very wretched, and very little. Company of Miscreants in this Kingdom;

Ordered, That the Members of this House, who are of his Majesty's Privy Council, as also Mr.

Sir Edward Turner, and Sir Henage Finch, do present to his Majesty the humble, and thankful Sense this House hath of his Majesty's Justice and Favour, in making this just Defence for the Parliament and People of England.

Resolved, That another free Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Matter of the last free Conference.

Ordered, That the Committee of this House, who managed the former Conference, do, upon the present Debate, consider of Heads for this free Conference j and report them to this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Sir George Mr. Mr.

Gott, be added to that Committee.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for Naturalization is referred, be revived; and do meet this Afternoon, at Three of the Clock, in die Speaker's Chamber j and so de die in diem.

Friday, August 24th, 1660,

Prayers.

M. Defifher, Nicholas Vanacker, Piter Hoet, Peter

Dolijleger, John Kans, came up to the Clerk's Table; and there took the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, in order to their Naturalization.

Sir Edward Turner reports from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Naturalising is teferred, Amendments to the said Bill: Which were, upon the Question, agreed' unto.

Resolved, That fdch as have not taken the Oaths, and' that have not Certificates, that they have received the Sacrament, shall be omitted out of this Bill.

Certificates on the Behalf of JVm. Vatideivall, and Lewis Gillart, were read:

Resolved, That fVm. Vandewall, and Lewis Gillart, of Rye in Sussex, be inserted into this Bill.

LI Resolved

Resolved, That this Bill be ingrossed.

Resolved, That the Names of Elias alias Beake,

born of English Parents, in Fl in Zealand;

Silvester, Nathaniel Silvester, J Giles

and Mary Cartwright, born at Amsterdam , all Children of Giles Silvester, and Mary his Wife, English Parents;

be inserted into this Bill.

A Bill for enabling the paying in of Monies, collected for the Protestants of , and lent out to

Mr. No ell, and others; be read Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill, ingrossed, sent down from the Lords, towards the Reparation and Satisfaction, to be made unto John Lord St John of Bajing, Earl of , and Marquis of

Winchester, out of the Manors and Lands of Robert Wallop Esquire, and Sir Thomas Jarvoife Knight, deceased, for Nineteen thousand Pounds, and Damages for the fame, was this Day read the Second time; and, upon the Question, committed to Sir Allen , Mr.

Goodrich, Sir Gilb. Gerrard, Mr. , Mr.

Mr. Hunger ford. Sir Anthony Mr. Tomkins, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Pitt, Sir Edward Turner, Mr.

Mr. Hollis, Mr. Rolls, Sir Ralph Ashton, Mr. Bampfeild, Serjeant Glyn, Sir Edward Seymour, Mr. Toung, Mr. Skipwith, Dr. Cleyton, Mr. Mallet, Lord Faulkland, Colonel Harley, Mr. George Mountague, Sir Henry den, Mr. Gerrard, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir George Reeve, Mr. Charlton, Sir Richard Onflowe, Sir George Booth, Colonel King, Mr. Eyres, Sir Rob. Brooke, Mr. Thur-land, Mr. Rainsford, Mr. Seymour, Sir Ralph Knight,

Mr. Allen, Mr. Minors, Sir Henry Crofts, Mr. Lucy, Mr. Newton, Sir Henry Hunge Mr. Thomas, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Culliford, Lord Aungeir, Sir Lancelot Lake, Mr. Chasse, Mr. Trevor, Sir Wm. Doyley, Major Hales, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Fleetwood, Mr. Clifford, Mr. Harris, Sir Capel Luchin, Mr. Babington, Mr. Munfon, Major Harley, Mr. Ellison, Mr. Sorrell, Mr. Courtop, Sir Wm. Windham, Sir Geo. Saville, Sir Henage Finch, Colonel Morley, and all the Knights and Burgesses, that serve for the County of Southampton: And they are to meet at Two of the Clock, on Monday next, in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber , and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, Witnesses, and what else may conduce to the Business , and to hear all Persons concerned.

Cotnplaint being made, that several Acts now depending before the Parliament, or Part of them, have been lately printed by Henry Hills and John Feild without Warrant;

Ordered, That the said Henry Hills and John Feild be sent for in Custody by the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee, to whom some other Matters relating to the Press are referred, to examine this Business j and by what Order the said Matters were printed; and where they had their Copies; and report it to the House.

Ordered, That it be referred to the same Committee, to consider and advise what is fit to be done for regulating of Printing; and to peruse the several Acts and Ordinances heretofore made for that End , and to consider what is defective; and to prepare a Bill for remedying the Inconveniencies of the Press for the future inferring a Clause therein, to authorize the breaking open of Doors of any Printer, for the better Discovery of Abuses of this Nature , and to report the same to the House.

Ordered, That the said Committee take Order for seizing upon all such Papers, in the Houses of Henry Hills and John Feild, which relate to the Proceedings of this House, and are by them printed without Warrant.

Ordered, That Sir Henage Finch, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Brampston, Sir George Reeve, Mr.

Lowther, Mr. Mallet, Mr. Wingfeild, Mr. Thomas, Dr. Cleyton, and Major Hales, be added to the said Committee.

' The House being informed^ that Mr. William Saun-derson, being several times summoned to attend the Committee for Printing, hath not given his Attendance accordingly.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do fend for the said Mr. Saunderson, in Custody.

Ordered, That the Committee for encouraging of Woollen Manufactures, do consider of a fit Table of Fees for the Officers of the Customs; and report it to this House: And Mr. Annejley, and Sir Wm. Doyley, are added to that Committee.

Sir Wm. Doyley reports from the Commissioners of Appeals, and regulating the Excise, a Certificate from the Commissioners of Excise to the said Commissioners for Appeals, taking notice of the Obstructions to the Excise of Calicoes, and Raw Silk: Which was read.

Resolved, That all Calicoes do pay Excise; they being declared not to be Linen.

Resolved, That all Raw Silks do pay Excise, till further Order; and that the Commissioners for Excise do proceed in the receiving Excise for the said Commodities accordingly.

Ordered, That, on Tuesday next, the House be resolved into a Grand Committee, to proceed with the Bill of Excise.

Mr. Trevor reports, from the Committee, the Heads for a free Conference with the Lords: Which were read, and are as followeth;

I. That the House of Commons, having considered of their Lordships Reasons, offered at the last Conference, have had a serious Debate thereupon; are not satisfied thereby, to concur with their Lordships, for the excepting the Persons, that rendered themselves upon the King's Proclamation, for any Pardon, both for Life and Estate.

The Reasons.

That the Reasons, their Lordships offered to the last Expedient offered by the House of Commons, that it was upon a Mistake: For that they do not apprehend, how it can be understood to leave those Persons in a better Condition than they were before; when the same Reservation, by which they were referred to future Penalties, doth flail continue , and they are now, by that Proposal, referred to the Determination of Parliament, as to their Lives also; these restrictive Words, " not extending to Life," being now offered to be taken away. But, for their Lordships further Satisfaction, that it be proposed, to except them in this Bill, for such Pains or Penalties their Lordships shall think fit, not extending to Life; and to leave them, for their Lives, to a future Act: To receive any Expedients from their Lordships, that may consist with the Honour of the House.

Resolved, That the last Clause but one, concerning Banishment, be laid aside.

Resolved, That one Head of the Conference be, a Pro-testation, that this House infills not upon That, which concerns the Judges of the late King, from any Favour or Respect to their Persons: But merely out of a Ten-demefs to preserve the Honour of the Parliament j and that they may be living Monuments of publick Justice.

Resolved, That this House adheres to the Clause concerning such of the said Judges as are dead; for that, if they should Hand as it is offered by the Lords, their Estates will be exempted.

Resolved, That Notice be taken to the Lords, that several Petitions are offered on Behalf of many of the Persons concerned; and that it will be necessary. Matter of Fact be examined, before their respective Cafes be determined which would now beget too great a Delay, in regard of the near Approach of the Assizes.

A Letter directed to Sir Charles Coote, Lord President of Connaught, dated at Kilkenny, June 30th, 16 do,

signed

; f #

iz Car. II. Journals of the House of Commonis. 15

signed J. Jeonar, concerning Colonel Daniel was

read.

The humble Petition of Daniel Axtell, one of the Twenty Persons excepted out of the General Act of Pardon, was read.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Lords, as to Daniel Axtell his Handing excepted in the Act of Oblivion; in the same fort, as is offered in the Amendments from the Lords.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Lords, as to- Sir Henry Vane's Handing excepted in the Act of General Pardon and Oblivion; in the same fort, as is offered in the Amendments from the Lords.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Lords, as to Colonel. John Lambert's Handing excepted in the Act of General Pardon and Oblivion; in the same fort, as is offered in the Amendments from the Lords.

The Question being put, that this House doth agree with the Lords, as to Sir Arthur Hejilrig's Handing excepted in the Act of General Pardon and Oblivion; in the same fort, as is offered in the Amendments horn the Lords;

The House was divided t

And the Yeas went forth.

Mr. Titus, ( Tellers for the Yeas: 1 ,

Lord St. John, t With the Yeas, f 110

Six Anthony Irby, t Tellers for the Noes: j

Mr. Gilb. Gerrard, \ With the Noes, J

And so it passed in the Negative.

Sir Edward Turner carried up to the Lords the Bill for preventing the taking of excessive Usury.

Ordered, That the Lords be desired to fit at Four in the Afternoon; and that Sir Edward Turner do go to the Lords, and desire them to, fit accordingly.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Lords, in the Expedient offered by them, at the laH Conference, as to Sir Henry Vane and Colonel Lambert, for petitioning his Majesty for their Pardon, as to their Lives.

Sir Edward Turner brings Answer, that the Lords do agree to fit at Four of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Committee acquaint the Lords at the Conference, that the Ground of their concurring with their Lordships, as to Colonel Axtell, was the Evidence given them by Lieutenant Colonel Jeonor's Letter to Sir Charles Coote, communicated by their Lordships at the lafi Conference.

This House adjourns itself, till Three Of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Friday, 24th August, 1660, Afternoon.

AXRdered, That the Grand Committee upon the Bill of Sales, who should have fitten this Afiemoon, do fit Tomorrow in the Afternoon.

Resolved, That the Lord Falkland do go to the Lords, with this Message;

That this House doth desire a present free Conference with them, upon the Subject-matter of the lafi Conference.

The Question being put, that this House doth agree with the Lords, in their Amendment, as to Edmund Wareing, Win. Wyberd, John Blackwell, and Colonel Thomas Crouton's being excepted for Life j It passed with the Negative.

The Lord Falkland brings Answer, that the Lords

do agree to a free Conference, in the Painted Chamber, as is desired.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Clergis, and the Lord Falkland, be added to the Committee, to manage the Con* ference with the Lords.

Saturday, August 25 th, 1660.

Prayers.

A Bill for confirming to Charles Doe the Manof of Hitcham, to him sold by John Clarke, was read the Second time; and, upon the Question, committed unto Mr.. Pedley, Sir Rich. Onslow, Sir John Northcot, Mr. Charlton, Colonel Shapcot, Mr. Knightley, Sir Wm.

Wheeler, Mr. Bunckley, Mr. Huxley, Sir Anthony Irby, Mr. Rainsford. Mr. Walpoole, Sir Wm. Windham, Mr. Eyres, Mr. Wingfeild, Mr. Annesley, Sir Henry , Mr. Crowtch, Mr. Thomas, Mr. Chasse, Sir Edward Rof-Jiter, Colonel Jones, Mr. Hob, Mr. Miners, Colonel Gerrard, Mr. Collins, Sir Tho. Clergis, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Rowfe, and all the Knights and Burgesses, that serve for the County of Bucks: And they are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber, on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon; and they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, Writings, Witnesses, and all the Parties; and what else may conduce to the Business j and they are to hear all Persons concerned.

Sir Wm. Doyley reports, from the Committee for the Army, the State of the Army, as to the Charge of the monthly Pay; and the Arrears incurred since the 29th of May lafi.

Resolved, That the Commissioners for the Army do attend the Lord General, and advise with him about the mofi commodious Way for disbanding the Army; and touching other Matters necessary to be proposed, in order thereunto; and how the Revenue designed to that End may be befi improved, to the Purposes, for which it is intended: And they are to desire the Lord General, as the Sense of this House, that, after this Day, no new Officers or Soldiers be entertained into the room of any that shall die, or be removed; and, upon the Whole, they are to make Report to this House.

Resolved, That the Commissioners for the Army be, and hereby are impowered, to consider of the befi Way for getting in of Money, towards disbanding of the Army; and, from time to time, to report their Opinion to this House.

Sir Thomas Clergis reports from the Committee, to whom the Consideration of an Establishment for the Garrison of Dunkirke is referred, the Opinion of the said Committee, that the Forces in the Garrison of Dunkirke, confifi of Three thousand Six hundred Foot; to be put into Twd Regiments; each Regiment to confifi of Eighteen hundred Men, to be divided into Twelve Companies; and each Company to confifi of One hundred and Fifty:

That there be also One Regiment of Horse, to consist of Four hundred Thirty-two; to be divided info Six Troops; edch Troop confifiing of Seventy-two, besides Officers; and that the Lord General be appointed to model the said Forces, to the said Numbers, accordingly:

That the Pay and Entertainment of the Governor, and all the Officers and Soldiers, of the said Garrison, be according to the annexed Establishment; and that they be! paid out of the Moiety of the whole Excise of Beer and Ale: And

That, for the present necessary Accommodation of the Soldiers in the said Garrison, Money be advanced for providing One thousand Chaldron of Coals, for the Guards, and the Soldiers in their Huts; the Governof to abate and deduct out of their Pay what is spent in the Huts: And

That One hundred Centinel Guards, and Five hundred Pair of Behd-leather Holfiers, be furnished

out

out of the Stores; and the Lord General be desired to give Order accordingly for them: And

That, for the Settlement of the Establishment of the said Garrison, and the Pay of the Forces, an Act be prepared, and presented to this House.

He also reports an Establishment for the said Garrison.

Resolved, That an Act be brought in, for settling the Establishment of the said Garrison, and for Pay of the Forces there *, according to the said Report.

An Act for settling the Establishment and Pay of the Forces in the Garrison of Dunwas read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read the Second time on Monday next.

Resolved, The Lord General be desired to give Iris Order for supplying the Forces in Dunkirke with such Arms, out of the publick Stores at the Tower, as he shall find necessary for the securing of that Garrison.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to consider of the Regulating of the Fees of all Courts and Offices through the Kingdom; and to receive and examine all Complaints of extorted Fees , and to prepare Tables of Fees for such Courts and Offices; and also, to consider of the Burden on Sheriffs in passing of their Accompts; and, from time to time, to report to the House: And that Sir Rich. Onslow, Sir John , Sir Lancelot

Lake, Mr. Hele, Sir John Bow Sir Rob. , Mr.

Lowther, Sir Wm. Doyley, Mr. , Dr.

Mr. Swanton, Sir Edward R, Mr. Swinfln, Mr.

Trelawney, Sir Henry Oxenden, Mr. , Mr. Col-

lins, Sir Anthony Cope, Mr. Phillips, Mr.

Mr. Delves, Sir Henry Williams, Mr. Thomas, Mr.

Mr. Mountague, Mr. Culliford, Mr. Annesley, Lord Aun-ger, Serjeant Hales, Mr. Pryn, Sir Edward Turner, Sir Gilb. Gerrard, Mr. Bampfeild, Sir John Northcot, Sir Wm. Windham, Sir Tho. Meeres, Sir Anthony Irby,' Sir John Price, Sir Thomas Clergis, Mr. Counyers, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Sir Wm. Wild, Sir Henry Cefar, Sir Wm. Wheeler, Sir Tho. Meeres, Mr. Baker, Colonel Hatcher,

Sir Solomon Swale, Colonel Birch, Mr. Gwynn, Colonel Shapcot, Mr. Ellison, Colonel Gerrard, Serjeant Glyn, Colonel King, Mr. Rainsford, Sir Francis Gerrard, Mr. Tong, Mr. Trevor, Mr. Bunckley, Colonel Willougbbey, Mr. Crew, Mr. Minors, Sir John Rous, Sir Richard Price, Sir Edward Knight, Mr. Chafe, Mr. Courtop, Sir Geo. Reeve, Mr. Peckham, Colonel Francis Windham, Sir Roger Bradshaw, Mr. Ferrers, Mr. Mallet, Mr. Grove, Mr. Moore, Mr. Allen, Mr. John Robinson, be the said Committee: And they are to meet on Tuesday next in the Afternoon, in the Inner Court of Wards , and to meet de die in diem: And they have Power to fertd~fbr Persons, Papers, Witnesses, Writings, Records, Table of Fees; and what else may conduce to this Business.

Resolved, That the Committee, to whom the apportioning of the One hundred thousand Pounds per Ann. on the Counties, in lieu of the Court of Wards, is referred, do meet this Afternoon, and make their Report on Wednesday next.

An Order of this House, of the Twentieth of June last, was this Day read; being as followeth-, viz.

" Resolved, That all further Payments upon any Debts contrafted betwixt the Fifth of December 1648, and the Two-and-twentieth of February 1659, (other than those which concern the Navy and Army) be flopped and for-born till further Order."

Ordered, That a Copy of the said Order be sent to the Receipt of publick Exchequer, the Commissioners of Excise, and the other Treasuries: The Officers of which Receipts and Treasuries are to obfeive the same accordingly.

Ordered, That Dr. Cleyton and Mr. Crowcb be added

to the Committee, to whom it is referred to consider of publick Debts.

Ordered, That Sir Anthony Ashly Mr. Vernon,

Mr. Spencer, and Mr. Lucy, be added to the Committee to whom the Marquis of Hertford's Bill is referred.

The House resumed the Debate upon the Amend-' ments offered from the Committee to the Bill for Mini-. Iters Livings.

The Amendment, Page 7, Line 13, was read; and, on the Question, agreed unto.

A Proviso, for the Avoidance of Livings, with Cure of Souls, in die Hand of any Ecclesiatical Person, who, by this Act, continues incumbent, and is scandalous, insufficient &c. was read:

Resolved, That after these Words in the 7th Line* " Commissioners appointed by this Act," these Words, " and thereupon adjudged by the said Commissioners,". be added.

.Resolved, That these Words in the said Proviso, " ot* which hath by Preaching, Printing, or Writing, declared his Judgment to be against the Administering of the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper to such Persons as were not scandalous or ignorant," be omitted.

Resolved, That the said Proviso, so amended, be agreed.

The Amendment, Page 8, Line 7, concerning Commissioners to put this Act in Execution, was read , and the Debate thereof reserved to the finishing of the other Amendments and Provisoes.

The Amendments, Page 9, Line 9, xo, 11, 15, were read:

Resolved, That to the Amendment in the 10th Line, after " valuable Consideration," these Words be added, " paid or given."

Resolved, That to the Amendment in the 15th Line, after " December," there be added " 1660."

And the said Amendments, with those Alterations, were, on the Question, agreed unto.

Resolved, That in the Body of the Bill, Page 9, Line 16, before the Words " good and effectual," the Word "as" be added.

Resolved, That in the 9th Page, last Line, these Words, " and shall not be avoided," be omitted.

Another Proviso was tendered to this Bill; being tS followeth:

" Provided also, that this Act, or any thing the rein, shall not extend to confirm any Ecclesiatical Person, or Minister, in any Benefice, Living, or Ecclesiastical Promotion, that shall refuse to take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, being tendered unto such Ecclesiatical Person, or Minister, by the said Commifi-sioners, or any Three of them: Which said Commissioners, and every Three of them, are hereby enabled and injoined to administer the said Oaths accordingly: " Which was read the First and Second time:

Resolved, That after the Word " confirm," in the 2d Line, the Words " or restored" be added; and after the Words " Minister in," the Words " or to" be added.

And the said Proviso, so amended, was, on the Question, agreed unto.

Another Proviso was tendered to this Bill *, viz.

" Provided, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend to the Prejudice of any Person or Persons, who, by Letters Patents under the Great Seal of England, dated before the Twenty-sixth of August 1660, is intitled to any Ecclesiatical Dignity, Benefice, or Promotion; but that they, and every of them, shall and may hold and enjoy- such Ecclesiatical Dignity, Benefices, and Promotion respectively, in as full and ample Manner, as he or they might have done, if this Act had not been made; any thing in this present Act contained, to the contrary thereof, in any wise notwithstandingWhich was read the First time.

Ordered, That the Debate of this Proviso be adjourned to Monday next, at Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon.

A Message from the Lords, by Dr. Hobart and , Mailers of Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a present free Conference with the House of Commons, in the Painted Chamber, of the Two last free Conferences about the Bill of Indemnity.

Ordered, That a present free Conference with the Lords be granted, as is desired.

The Messengers being called in, Mr. Speaker gave them this Answer,

The House have considered of your Message , and do agree to a present free Conference with the Lords.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Management of the former Conference was referred, do manage this Conference.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this 'House suffer none to go out of the House, till those that are to manage this Conference be gone forth.

Sir Henage Finch reports the Substance of the Conference with the Lords, in Effetfl, as followeth:

" The Lord Chancellor told us, how unhappy soever former Conferences have been, This, he doubted not, would be happy to the King and Kingdom; and beget a chearful Submission of all People to the Determination of the Parliament: He said. He would repeat nothing of what he had formerly said; for though the Lords might have infilled, in the Reasons they formerly offered, yet they have now complied with this House, in Effect, though not in Form. The Expedient for a final Conclu-lyan of the Difference, was this; that these Gentlemen, that rendered themselves on his Majesty's Proclamation, should Hand in the same Clalfes as in the Lords Amendments, formerly sent down; that is, as Persons generally excepted for Life and Ellate: But, to qualify that, they offered a Clause, to be added by way of Amendment, wherein the Names of those Persons, who rendered themselves ( — their Lordships know them not, and so have left the Paper with a Blank, for that —,) upon an Opinion, that they might lafely do so, and have not fled to avoid the Justice of the Parliament, (who, he conceived, will be looked upon otherwise, as Persons that have loft the Benefit of the Proclamation) may be inserted by this House; and, he supposed, a special Care would be had of securing their Persons."

And then the Reporter read the said Clause; being as followeth:

" But, in regard the said have personally

appeared, and rendered themselves according to the Proclamation bearing Date the Sixth Day of June 1660, to i'ummon the Persons, therein named, who gave Judgment, and assisted in the said horrid and detestable Murder of our said late Sovereign, to appear, and render themselves; and do pretend thereby to some Favour, upon feme conceived doubtful Words in the fad Proclamation; Be it Enabled, by this present Parliament, and the Authority of the same, (upon the humble Desires of the Lords and Commons, assembled in Parliament) That if the said or any of them, shall be legally attainted for the horrid Treason and Murder aforesaid, that then,

r.evertheless, the Execution of the said Person and Persons, so attainted, shall be suspended, until his Majesty, by the Advice and Assent of the Lords and Commons, in Parliament, shall order the Execution, by Act of Par-Lament to be palfed for that Purpose."

" The Reporter proceeded'; For That, relating to the Persons dead, (whom their Lordships had put in that fatal Clause, with an Expectation, that we would pals an Act for the future Attainder) their Lordships have departed from their Resolution in that Point, and permit them to continue in the Classis wherein we placed them; whereby they are adjourned to the Penalties which shall be inflicted on them by a future Act; expecting only a Bill of Attainder of Cromwell, Brad, and Pride."

"For the other Part, wherein we have agreed for excepting Axtell', without further Expectation; and Vane and

Lambert, with Expectation of a further Address On their Behalf; their Lordships agree in That. For That wherein we differed about Sir Arthur , upon what was

offered by a Member of our House, and since, by the Duke of Albamarlie, they found his same distinguished

from the other Two, and agree with us, as to him.*'

" And for the last Four, though their Lordships saw very great Reason to adhere to That for Justice and Example Sake; yet, having taken our Reasons into Consideration, and believing the good Report we gave of some of them, their Lordships departed from that Reason, in that Point; and leave them to Disability only, as we propounded."

The Question being put, that the Petition of William Heveningham Esquire, be read;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House doth agree -with the Lords in the Matters communicated by the Lords at the said Conference.

Ordered, That it be referred to a Committee, to dispose the Alterations, made by the Lords, this Day,- into their proper Places, in the Act of Indemnity; and to inform themselves, by Perusal of the Journal, and Examination of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, which of the Judges of the late King's Majesty rendered themselves upon his Majesty's Proclamation; and which of them are now in the Serjeant's Custody; or how they are otherwise disposed: And the Serjeant at Arms is to attend the Committee, to give them an Account accordingly: And the Committee are to enter, into the Clause lent from the Lords, the Names of such as so rendered themselves, and have not since withdrawn.

Ordered, That those Members of the House, which were appointed to manage the late Conferences with the Lords, be the Committee: And that Serjeant Glyn be added to the said Committee: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do deliver into the Charge of the Lieutenant of the Tower of London, this Afternoon, so many of the Judges of the late King's Majesty, as, being committed to his Custody, he can this Afternoon come by'; and the rest on Monday next.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do sign one or more Warrants, directed to the Lieutenant of the Tower of to receive into his Charge such of the said Judges, as shall be delivered unto him by the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That Sir Edmund Jennings, Mr. Streete, Mr. Rigby, and Sir John Dawney, Members of this House, have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

Mr. Edward Bofcawen, being elected to serve for the Borough of Truro, and also for the Borough of T\ , in the County of Cornewall, makes his Election to serve for the Borough of Truro, and waves his Election for the Borough of Tregoney:

Ordered, That a new Writ be issued for the Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Tregoney, in the County of Cornewall, in the Place of Edward Bofcawen Esquire, who hath made his Election to serve for the Borough of Truro: And that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, to prepare a new Writ for the Purpose aforesaid: W hich the Lord Chancellor is to issue and pass under the Great Seal of England accordingly.

Monday, 27th August^ 1660.

Prayers.

A Bill for uniting of the Parishes of St. Andrewes and St. Mary Wit ton, in Droitwich, in the County of k/orcester, was read the First time; and ordered to be read the Second time on Wednesday Morning next.

M m Mr.

Mr. Cooper, a Member of this House, claimed his Privilege about the Arrest of Richard Birt, his Servant, at die Suit of Henry Newman; who detains him upon the said Arrest in the Poultry C, though Notice was given him, that he was the menial Servant of the said Mr. Cooper:

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do fend for the said Henry , as also

Edward Barber, and Gamage, Serjeants, who arrested

the said Richard Birt, in Custody, for their Contempt and Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Marquis of Hertford's Bill is referred, do hear the Lord Herbert upon the whole Matter, by his Counsel, before the Bill be reported: And that they meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon: And that the Lord , Colonel

ley, Mr.- Bainton, Mr. Grove, Lord Mr. George

Mountague, Mr. Buttckley, be added to that Committee.

Mr. Radcliffe reports Amendments to the Bill for enabling of Sir George Booth Baronet, to fell Lands for Payment of his Debts: Which were twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

Ordered, That the Bill, so amended, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Lord Herbert do produce the Patent in his Hands, touching the Grant of the Dukedom of Somerfelt, unto the Committee, to whom the Bill, touching the Marquis of Hertf, is referred; that the Committee may, from time to time, make use thereof, as they shall lee Cause.

Sir Wm. Doyley reports, from the Committee of the Army, the Account of Rob. , Receiver of the Twelve Months Assessment, commencing 24'

1659, and the Three Months Assessment, commencing 24th June 1660, for the County of Stafford and City of Litchfeild: Which was read; and is as followeth -, viz.

His Charge, For the said Twelve?

Months,

.$5507 — 4

Discharge.

Pad upon Warrants of the Committee for the Army, and Acquittances the Treasurers at War.

Paid upon Pretence of Co-') lonel Crompton's Order, I to his Regiment of Foot, r Troop of Horse, and /4061 other Forces, but without any good Warrant or Order, ----- - - — _

Paid to Captain Backhouse, upon Pretence of a Copy of a Letter from the Council of State 250/. and, upon an Order from Colonel Lambert tool.

By Acknowledgment, in his"> Hands, ——

s.

d.

700 ——

35° ——

4411

----- 395 *4

55°7 — 4

The fad Smith is also Receiver of the present Three Months Assessment, commencing 24 June 1660.

24th of June 1660, for the County of , and

City of Litchfeild, do forthwith pay and satisfy the several Sums of Three hundred Ninety-five Pounds Fourteen Shillings Two-pence, and of One thousand Seven hundred Pounds, confessed, upon his Account, to be in his Hands, unto such Person or Persons, as the Committee of the Army shall appoint to receive the same: And that the said Robert Smith do Hand committed to the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, until he make Payment thereof.

The House this Day resumed the Debate upon the Provilb, tendered to the Bill touching Settlement of Mi-nifters, formerly adjourned. —

A Message from the Lords, by Dr. Hobart and , Matters of Chancery j

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire the Concurrence of this House to these Two Bills, which concern Two Lords j viz. the Lord Culpepper, and the Lord Gerrard. —

The Question being propounded, that it be referred to a Committee, to examine and state the Matter of Fast, touching what Presentations have been p3lfed under the Great Seal, where the former Incumbents are dead; and report it to this House Tomorrow Morning,

And the Question being put, that that Question be now put;

It passed with the Affirmative:

And the main Question being put;

The House was divided:

The Yeas went forth.

Colonel,

Mr. Gerrar,

Lord Anger,

Mr. Annejley

So it was tee, to examine and

5 Tellers for the Noes:,) ,

I With the Noes, S 83 t Tellers for the Yeas: 1 I With the Yeas, 5 140 That it be referred to a Commit-state Matter of Fad, touching

what Presentations have been passed under the Great Seal to Places where the former Incumbents are dead *, and report it to the House Tomorrow Morning; viz. to Sir Anthony Irby, Sir Henage , Colonel Sir

Tho. Metres, Mr. Annejley, Sir Edw. Turner, Mr.

feild, Mr. Culliford, Sir John , Sir Solomon,

Dr. Cleyton, Lord Aunger, Mr. , Mr. Swin fin,

Mr. Secretary Morris, Sir John , Mr.

Sir Edm. Bowyer, Serjeant , Mr. , Mr.

Bulkeley, Sir Allen Broadrick, Sir Ralph , Sir Clerges, Colonel Shapcot, Sir John , Colonel Morley: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber (notwithstanding the Sitting of the Grand Committee ;) with Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Witnessfes, and what else may conduce to the Business.

The humble Petition of divers distressed Ministers, whose livings, though in dead Places, are granted away under the Broad Seal of England j in their own Names, and many others; with a Catalogue of the Names of Ministers dispossessed; were read.

Resolved, That this Petition, with the Provilb, be referred to the aforesaid Committee: And the said Committee are to present such Expedients, as they shall think fit, for the expediting of this Bill.

His Charge is — — p ——

Whereof he acknowledgeth in his Hands, about

c

2753

s.

10

d.

2

J1700 — —

Deposited in the Custody of Serjeant ?__________

Moffe, of Stafford, ----- --- ----- ----- '

And in the said Smith's own Hands, at his own House,

595 —

Ordered, That Robert Smith, Receiver of the Twelve

Months Assessment, commencing 24 June 1659 and of the present Three Months AlTelfinent, commencing

7uefday, August 28th, 1660.

Prayers.

f~\Rdered, That Sir Thomas , Sir John ',

Sir Ralph Knight, Sir John Clobery, Sir George ing, Mr. Morgan, Lord How, Lord , Lord

Castleton, Mr. Tong, be added to the Lord Hertford's Committee.

A Bill for the Confirmation of certain Officers in the Court of Common Pleas, in their respective Offices, was

this

this Day read the First time; and, upon the Question, ordered to be read the Second time on Morning

next.

Ordered, That whereas the Committee, to whom the Proviso touching Presentations is referred, did appoint a Sub-Committee to appoint the Lord Chancellor; who attended his Lordship accordingly; and are ready to make their Report;

Ordered, That the said Committee do withdraw, and receive the Report to be made by the said Sub-Committee.

A Bill, ingrossed, sent from the Lords towards the Reparation and Satisfaction to be made unto George Earl of Briftoll, out of the Manors and Lands of

leigh, for the Sum of Six thousand Five hundred Pounds, was tins Day read the First time.

A Bill, ingrossed, sent from the Lords, for restoring unto IVm. Earl of Newcastle, all his Honours, Manors &c. whereof he was in Possession on the Twentieth of May 1642, or at any time since, was this Day read the First time.

A Bill for settling the Priory of Wootton, and other Lands, belonging to the Earl of in the Coun-

ty of Yorke, in the Hands of Trustees, for the Payment of Debts, was this Day read the First rime.

Ordered, That the said Three Bills be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill, ingrossed, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for restoring to Charles Lord Gerrafd, Baron of Brandon, all his Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, whereof he was in Posseluon on the Twentieth Day of May 1642, or at any time since, was this Day read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow. Morning.

Mr. Mountague reports Amendments to the Bill for Maintenance of a Vicar in R: Which were twice read -, and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

Ordered, That the said Bill, fb amended, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That the Bill, for the better Observation of the Lord's Day, be now read.

The said Bill, for better Observation of the Lord's Day, was this Day read the Second time; and, upon the Question, committed unto Serjeant , Sir Henage

Finch, Sir Edward Yurner, Sir Wheeler, Colonel Birch, Mr. Chafe, Sir Lancelot Lake, Sir Wm. Wild, Mr. Edward Stephens, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Crowch, Sir John Marsham, Lord St. John, Sir Geo. Booth, Sir rard. Colonel Gerrard, Mr. Ellison, Sir Henry Croft, Mr. Baker, Mr. Windham, Mr. Holies, Sir John Lowther, Mr. Pryn, Dr. Cleyton, Sir Edward Leering, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Henry North, Colonel Harley, Mr. St. Muhin, Sir Anthony Afloley Cooper, Sir Sir

Roger Bradshaw, Serjeant Mr. Mr.

Grove, Sir Richard Onslow, Colonel King, Sir Anthony Irby, Mr. Rivers, Sir Edm. Bowyer, Mr. Minors, Mr. Swinfln, Sir Ralph Knight, Mr. Mr. Tong, Sir

Wm. Frederick, Sir Wm. Vincent, Major Hales, Mr. Brampston, Sir Yho. Meeres, Mr. Bampfeild, Sir Capel Luckin, Mr. Throckmorton, Sir Savile, Serjeant Glyn, Colonel Willoughby, Mr. Pierrepont, Sir John Ymple. Sir Wm. Lewis, Sir Yho. ClergesSir John Bowyer, Mr. Rolls, Sir Wm. Doyley, Mr. Hilton, Mr.. Crowch, Mr. Culliford, Sir Yho. Wharton, Mr. Rainsford, Mr. Huxley, Sir Henry Oxenden, Mr. Charlton, Colonel Morley, Mr. Rigby, Major Yolhurst, Colonel Bendos, Colonel Grey: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the Exchequer Chamber: And Sir Wm. Wheeler is to take care hereof.

x

Resolved, That Mr. Serjeant Glyn go on with the Report from the Committee, to examine the Coherence -of the Amendments with the Bill of General Pardon.

Mr. Serjeant Glyn reports, that the Committee have put in Order all the Amendments, and made them to cohere; and amended the Bill accordingly.

Resolved, That Sir John Bourchier be inserted into the Bill, amongst the dead Persons; and that he be struck out, where he is now inserted.

Resolved, That Colonel Adrian Scroope do stand generally excepted; and struck out of the Clause, where he flood amongst those that rendered themselves.

Resolved, That these be the Names; viz. Owen Roe, Augustine Garland, Edmund Harvey, Henry Henry

Marten, Sir Hardrefft Waller, Rob. George

Fleetwood, James Ymple, Yhomas Waite, Simon Meyne, Wm. Hneningham, Isaac Pennington, Peter Temple, Rob. Lilburne, Gilb.Millington, Vincent Potter, Yho. Wogan,

and John Downes; to be inserted into the Clause sent down from the Lords, for suspending Execution, in case of Attainder, till a future Act shall pass for that Purpose.

Resolved, That the Name of the Lord Grey be left out of this Bill.

The Amendments, sent from the Lords at the Conference 16th August instant, v9 Skin, ift Line, were read; and agreed.

The Amendments, 9 Skin, Line 26, 43, 52, and loth Skin, 1 Line, were read; and agreed unto.

The Amendments to the first Proviso, touching Sir Henry Vane, and others, were read; and the said Proviso; so amended, being*put to the Question, was agreed unto; being, with the Amendments, as followeth:

" Provided always, That this Act, or any thing therein contained, shall not extend to the pardoning, or to give any other Benefit whatsoever unto Sir Henry Vane, or John Lambert, or either of them; but that they, and either of them, are, and shall be, out of this present Act, wholly excepted and foreprized."

The Third Proviso, sent down by the Lords, touching Edmund Waring, Wm. Wyberd, John Blackwell, and Colonel Yho. Croxton, was agreed to be laid aside.

A Provilb was tendered to this Bill, that no Person, excepted out of this Act for Life, shall be proceeded against for any other Treason or Offence, but only for the most detestable Treason and Murder of his late Majesty King Charles the First; and such other Treason or Treasons, Crimes or Offences, as have been committed since the Fifth Day of Lecember 1648: Which was read the First time:

And the Question being put, that this Proviso be read the Second time;

The House was divided:

The Yeas went forth.

Mf. Hollys, C Tellers for the Yeas: 7

Mr. Annesley, I With the Yeas, ' J 1

Lord Herbert, c Tellers for the Noes: 7 Sir Daniel Harvey, I With the Noes, 5 So it passed with the Negative.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Glyn do carry up the Bill of General Pardon, Indemnity, and Oblivion, to the Lords, with the Amendments.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Glyn do put the Lords in mind to dispatch the Bills for Confirmation of the fundamental Laws; the Bill for preventing the taking of excessive Ufory; the Bill for the perpetual Anniversary; and the Bill for indemnifying certain Officers of Courts of Justice: And to signify to their Lordships, that, upost his Majesty's coming to the House to pass the Bill of Indemnity &c. this House will be ready to bring up the Poll- Bill: And that he desire the Lords to fit this Afternoon.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Hickman, Mr. Earnley, Sir Edward Deering, be added to the Committee for the Marquis of Hertford's Bill.

Ordered,

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee, who managed the last Conference with the Lords, to draw a Petition to his Majesty, in the Name of both Houses, for his Majesty's pardoning of Sir Henry , and Colonel Lambert, as to Life; according to what was

offered by the Lords in that Behalf, at the late Conference.

Mr. ‘Thomas reports from the Committee, to whom the Proviso, tendered to the Bill for settling Ministers touching the Presentations palfed under the Greal Seal, in dead and vacant Places, the State of the Matter of Fact;

That a Sub-Committee was appointed by the said Grand Committee, to wait upon the Lord Chancellor, to know what Presentations have been passed under the Great Seal, in Livings, wherein Persons are in Possession, upon Death of the late Incumbents; who waited upon his Lordship accordingly: And his Lordship delivered in two Papers; in one whereof is the Names of such as he hath presented, under the Great Seal, which are not in Possession; and in the other, such to whom he hath granted the Seal for Confirmation, being then in Possession.

Serjeant Glyn brings Answer, that he had delivered the Bill of Indemnity to the Lords, according to the Order of this House; and that, to the Bill of Oblivion, the Lords will fend Answer by Messengers of their own: And that the Bill for Confirmation of judicial Proceedings, and the Bills for the perpetual Anniverfery, and for preventing excessive Usury, are all passed; together with a private Bill for Naturalization: But they think it not convenient to fit in the Afternoon.

A Message from the Lords, by , Two Mailers of Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a free Conference with this House, presently, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Bill of Indemnity sent from this House.

Ordered, That a present free Conference be granted with the Lords, as is desired.

The Messengers were again called in; and Mr. Speaker gave them this Answer,

The House hath considered of your Message; and do agree to a free Conference, as is desired.

Ordered, That the same Committee, who managed the last Conference, be appointed to manage this Conference: And that Mr. Serjeant Glyn be added to that Committee.

Ordered, That the Debate upon the Bill for settling Ministers be resumed Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of Clock.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Proviso tendered for Ministers, and the stating of Fa<St, touching Presentations to Places where the last Incumbents are dead, be revived; and do meet this Afternoon: And that they inform themselves, what Livings, above Value, are granted; and to report the same Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Amefley reports the Conference had with the

Lords: That the Lords took Exceptions against Sir Har-dress Waller's being entered among those that rendered themselves on the Proclamation; conceiving, that he had absented himself since his coming in; in which Point the Committee gave their Lordships. Satisfaction: And that the Name of Mr. Carew was inserted amongst the Names of the Persons that surrendered themselves; whereas he was not named in the Proclamation, and was a Prisoner before the Proclamation issued; and so could not be within the Intention of the Proclamation, nor ought to stand among those that rendered themselves: And that the Lords desired the Provisoes sent from the Lords, as amended by the Commons, may be affixed to the Bill, in their proper Place: That, on the Return of the Bill back to them, they will give thereunto a quick Dispatch.

The Question being put, to agtee with the Lords, as to Mr. Carew;

The House was divided:

The Yeas went forth.

Mr. Amefley,

Lord Herbert,

Lord Angler, ——

Lord St. John, t With the Noes, 1

That this House doth agree with Carew; and the Schedule was

5 Tellers for the Yeas: 1 t With the Yeas, J

( Tellers for the Noes: t With the Noes, I

80

So it was Resolved,

ths Lords, as to Mr. amended accordingly.

Ordered, That Mr. Holies do carry up the Bill of General Pardon, Indemnity, and Oblivion, to the Lords, as it was now amended: And desire the Lords, humbly to intreat his Majesty, that he will be pleased to come to the House Tomorrow Morning, to pals this Bill of General Pardon; and the Bills touching Usury, judicial Proceedings, Anniversary: And then this, House will bring up the Bill for Poll-Money.

Mr. Holies brings Answer, that, according to the Commands of the House, he carried the Bill Of General Pardon to the Lords; and they will move his Majesty, that he will be pleased to come Tomorrow Morning, to pals the Bills, as is desired.

The Question being put, that the Committee, to whom the Bill touching the Marquis of Winchester is referred,' do meet, and fit this Afternoon; 1

The House was divided:

The Yeas went forth.

Sir John Holland, f Tellers for the Yeas: I Mr. Stanley, I With the Yeas, J 50 '

Mr. Hungerford, ( Tellers for the Noes: J Mr. Shapcot, 1 With the Noes, 1 ^9

So it was Resolved, That the Committee, to whom-the Bill touching the Marquis of is referred,

do meet, and fit this Afternoon.

Wednesday, August 29th, 1660.

ORdered, That Mr. Peirpoint have Leave to go into die Country.

A Bill, ingrossed, sent from the Lords, towards the Reparation and Satisfaction to be made unto George Earl of Briftoll, out of the Manors and Lands of Carew Raleigh, for the Sum of Six thousand Five hundred Pounds, was this Day read the Second time; and, upon the Question, committed unto Sir George , Mr. Holies, Mr. Knight, Sir George , Mr. Powell, Mr. Lowther, Sir Thomas Dacr, Sir Hennage Finch, Sir

George Savile, Colonel Harley, Sir George Downing, Sir Gilb. Gerrard, Sir Anthony , Mr. Fynes, Sir John Northcot, Mr. Marvell, Sir Henry North, Lord Ancrom, Mr. Jolliffe, Sir Edward Deering, Sir John Colonel Willoughby, Mr. Thomas, Sir Thomas Clergis, Sir Ralph Knight, Mr. Rufbworth, Mr. Culliford, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Chafe, Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. Tre-lawney. Sir George Reeve, Sir Rob. Pye, Colonel Gerrard, Lord Angier, Mr. Tong, Sir Thomas Wroth, Mr. George Mountague, Mr. Robinson, Sir Richard Browne, Sir Capell Luchin, Sir Richard Onjlowe, Sir Wm. Wray, Mr. Cheney, Mr. Pierrepont, Sir Tho. Bludworth, Colonel Arundle, Colonel King, Sir Wm. Hickman, Mr. Skipwith, Mr. Trevor, Mr. Malet, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Henry Hungerford; and all the Knights and Burgesses for the County of Dorset; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe, Members of this House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The humble Petition of Colonel Carew Raleigh was this Day read, and referred to the feme Committee; to examine the Business, and state Matter of Fact; and report it to this House.

A Bill

A Bill, ingrossed, sent from the Lords, for restoring unto Wm. Earl of Newcastle, all his Honours, Manors &c. whereof he was in Possession on the Twentieth Day of May 1642, or at any time since, was this Day read the Second time j and, upon the Question, committed to the former Committee: And that Mr. , Mr.

Gerrard, Lord Mansfeild, Sir Ralph , Mr. Tomkins, and all the Knights and Burgesses of the County of Gloucester, be added to this Committee, as to this

Business.

A Bill, ingrossed, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for restoring to Charles Lord , Baron of Bran-

don, all his Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, whereof he was in Possession on the Twentieth Day of May 1642, or at any time since, was this Day read the Second time , and, upon the Question, committed to the Committee to whom the Earl of ft oil's Bill is referred: And that Mr. Gerrard, and all the Knights and Burgesses for Lancashire and and Serjeant Glyn, be added to this Committee, as to this Bill.

Ordered, That Mr.. Bampfeild, Sir Edward,

Mr. Bryn, Serjeant Hales, do withdraw, and consider of the Bill touching Marriages , and report the Amendments to this House.

A Bill, ingrossed, sent down from the Lords, for settling the Priory of Wootton, and other Lands belonging to the Earl of Winchelsea, in the County of Yorke, in the

Hands of Trainees, for the Payment of Debts, was this Day read the Second time \ and, upon the Question, committed to the Committee to whom the Earl of Briftoll's Bill is referred: And that Sir Edward Deering, and all the Knights and Burgesses of Kent and Torke, be added to this Committee.

A Bill for securing the Payment of Five thousand Pounds, with Interest, collected for Relief of the poor Protestants in Piedmont, was this Day read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time, Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill, ingrossed, for incorporating and appointing Governors of the Lands, Possessions, and Revenues, of the free Grammar-School of Newport, in the County of Salop, of the Foundation of Wm. Adam, was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, That in the 15 Line of the 3d Skin, after the Word " Charges," these Words, viz. " Civil, or Military," be inferred*, and that, after the Word " otherwise" in the 17th Line of the same Skin, these "Words, viz." for and towards the Maintenance of the Civil or Military, or for any other Purpose whatsoever," be omitted.

And the said Bill, so amended, being put to the Question, passed.

Resolved, That this be the Title to the said Bill;

An Act for the incorporating of the Master and Wardens of the Company of Haberdashers London, to be Governors of the Free-School, and Alms-House, in Newport, in the County of Salop, of the Foundation of Wm. yldams; and for settling of Lands and Possessions on them for Maintenance thereof; and other charitable Uses.

Mr. Charleton is to carry this Bill to the Lords.

A Bill for constituting and appointing a Post-Master General, was this Day read the First time; and, upon the Question, ordered to be read the Second time. Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill, ingrossed, for Confirmation of Leases, made by Matters, Heads, and Fellows of Colleges and Hospitals, was this Day read the Third time.

Sir Thomas Clergis reports a Proviso to this Bill; that no Person or Persons shall be confirmed in any Master-ship, Frovoftship, Headship, or Fellowship, in any College or Hal], in either of the Universities of Oxford of Cambridge, or in the Colleges of Eaton and that is not an ordained Minister by Bishops or Prefby-ters, and, being ordained, hath not renounced his Ordination, where, by the local Statutes of the said respectivi Colleges or Halls, Ordination is required: Which was read the First and Second time.

Ordered, That in the Fifth Line, after the Word " Presbyters," instead of these Words, viz. " and being ordained, hath not since," these Words be inserted,

" or being ordained, hath since."

Ordered, That before the Word " Fellowship" in the Second Line, the Word " or" be omitted 1 and after the Word " Fellowship" in the same Line, these Words " or Chaplain's Place" be inserted:

And the said Proviso, so amended, being put to the Question, was agreed unto.

Sir Edward Turner reports a Proviso*, that this Act shall not extend to confirm any Lease or Leases of the Rectories and Parsonages of Randall and Littlewates, in the County of Lyncolne, which have long since been in

the Tenure or Occupation of Lord Culpepper, deceased; as by several Leases, under the Seal of the Master and Fellows of the College of the Holy and Undivided Trinity, within the Town and University of Cambridge, of King Henry the Eighth's Foundation, may appear; and were unjultly sold by the Committee, for the pretended Delinquency of the said John Lord Culpepper, at or about the Year 1651, to one late

Burfer of the said College , and afterwards leased over the Head of the said John Lord Culpepper, the ancient Tenant, to the said West then and before unjustly in Possession, though, according to Usage, he claimed to renew his Lease Three Years before the Expiration thereof, at the usual Fines, or more -, but that the Executors or Administrators of the said Lord Culpepper, lately deceased, reimbursing the said new Tenant, or Lessee, so much Money as hath been really paid to the said College for the Fine for such Lease; they may be admitted to renew the said Lease, for the said Fine \ any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding: Which was read the First and Second time; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

He also reports another Proviso; that this Act shall not extend to confirm any Lease or Leases of the Manor, Rectory, and Parsonage, of Kirkham, which hath been long in the Tenure or Occupation of Thomas Clifton Esquire, and his Ancestors, by several successive Leases, under the late Abbot and Convent of Vale Royal, and the College of Christ Church in Oxon, respectively; and was leased over the Head of the ancient Tenant, who, according to Usage, claimed to renew his Lease, long before Expiration, at the usual Fines, or more, by Dr. Owen, late reputed Dean, and the Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Christ in Oxon, of the Foundation of King Henry the VIII; but that the said Thomas Clifton, his Executors or Administrators, reimbursing the new Tenant, or Lessee, so much Money as hath been really and truly paid unto the said Dean and Chapter, for any Fine or Fines, for the making of such new Lease or Leases; or, otherwise, permitting such new Tenant, or Lessee, to hold and enjoy the said Premises, until, out of the Rents and Profits thereof, the Money disbursed for the same Fine or Fines shall be fully received j may be admitted to renew his old Lease, before any other Persons; this Act, or any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: Which was read the First time. ——

The House being informed, that the Usher of the Black Rod was at the Door, he was called in *, and, having thrice made Obeisance, flood in the Midst of the House, and delivered his Message in these Words

N n Mr.

Dicjitized_b

Quu

Mr. Speaker,

The King hath commanded me to call yourself, and the rest of the Members of this House, to ham presently, into the House of Lords.

Ordered, That Colonel Coker have Leave to go into the Country.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Wild have Leave to go into the Country.

Ordered, That die Report from the Committee for the Army be made Tomorrow Morning; and that the said Committee do inform themselves, from the Officers of the Exchequer, what the last Subsidy, granted to the late King, did amount unto.

Ordered, That the Lord Band Mr. Sir

Horatio Townefend, and Sir Daniel Harvey, be added to

the Committee for the Earl of s Bill. —

Resolved, That the Debate upon the Bill for Confirmation of Leases, made by Matters, Heads, and Fellows of Colleges, be adjourned unto Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That Sir Christopher Wivell, and Mr. John Barton, have Leave to go into the Country.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker be desired to print his Speech, spoken this Day to his Majesty in the Lords House.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Ex-cife, to consider of what was now proposed, for satisfying, by Defalcation out of Arrears of Excise, or otherwise, such Monies as shall be payable to Merchants, on- re-shipping of Merchandizes, imported before the Customs were received on His Majesty's Account; and to state the Fact, and report the fame, with their Opinion, to this House.

Mr. Hollis reports the Draught of a Petition to his Majesty, on Behalf of Sir Henry Vane, and Colonel John Lambert: Which, on the Question, was ordered to be read: And was read accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Petition be recommitted to the former Committee, that brought it in.: And that Sir Finch, Serjeant Hales, Sir John Marsham, Mr. and Mr. Charlton, are added to that Committee.

Whereas, by Order of both Houses of Parliament, of the Sixth of May 1647, there was placed, upon the Excise, the Sum of Two thousand Five hundred Ninety-one Pounds Seventeen Shillings Six-pence, together with Interest, and made payable to Samuel Vassall Esquire, for Money and Provisions furnished by him, for Relief of the then distressed Garrisons of Ireland; which was, after the Seclufion of the Members of Parliament in 1648, taken off the Excise:

Ordered, That so much of the said Debt of Two thoaifand Five hundred Ninety-one Pounds Seventeen Shillings Six-pence, as remaineth due and unpaid to the said Mr. Vassall, both Principal and Interest, be and hereby is charged on the Moiety of the Receipt of Excise; and that the same be paid to him, or his Assigns, in Course, in the same fort, as the same was charged by the said Order of both Houses of Parliament: And the Commissioners of Excise are impowered and required to pay the same accordingly: And this Order, together with the Acquittance of the said Mr. Vassall, or his Assigns, testifying his or their Receipt thereof, shall be, to the said Commissioners of the Excise, a sufficient Warrant and Discharge.

'Thursday, 30th , 1660.

Prayers.

\ Bill for enabling Sir George Booth Baronet to fell t\_ Lands for Payment of his Debts, and raising Portions for younger Children, was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Words " or otherwise," be added in the 3d Skin, 18 Line, next after the Words " Fee Simple," and before the Words " of the Premises."

And the said Bill, so amended, was, upon the Question, patted.

Resolved, That the Tide of the Bill be, An Act for enabling Sir George Booth Baronet to make Leases and Sales of Part of Ins Estate.

A Bill, ingrossed, for die Naturalizing of Gerrard teythufen, Daniel Demetrius, Theodore Cock, and others, was this Day read the Third time.

And the Question being put, that this Bill do pass as a Law;

The House was divided:

The Yeas went forth.

Sir Anthony Irby, t Tellers for the Yeas: 1 QQ

Sir Ralph Knight, I With the Yeas, f 88

Mr. Mynors, c Tellers for the Noes: 1

Mr. Lowther, ( With the Noes, J

So it was Resolved, That this Bill do pass as a Law.

Resolved, That the Title thereof be. An Act for the Naturalizing of Gerrard Vantethufen, Daniel Demetrius, Theodore Cock, John Cranenburgh, and others.

That Sir Edward Turner do carry up these Two Bills to the Lords.

Sir Edward Turner carried the said Bills to the Lords.

He also carried to the Lords Mr. Adams his Bill for a charitable Use.

He also carried to the Lords the Order for the Lord Willoughby of Parham; and

The Order for One thousand Pounds to be paid to Mr. Swale.

Sir George Downing reports Amendments to the Bill for encouraging of Navigation: Which were read the First time.

Ordered, That these Amendments be read the Second time, Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charleton reports Amendments to the Bill for settling the Priory of Wootton, and other Lands belonging to the Earl of Winchelsea, in the County of Yorke, in the Hands of Trustees, for Payment of Debts: Which were read; and, upon the Question, agreed.

A Message from the Lords, by Matters

of Chancery;

The Lords have sent you Two Bills; the one, concerning the Earl of Derby; and the other, concerning the Earl of Roscomon in Ireland; which they have patted; and desire the Concurrence of this tloufe therein.

Sir Wm. Doyley reports, from the Committee for the Army, a Paper sent to that Committee from the Lord General, touching disbanding of the Army: Which, together with the Report from the Committee, were read, and are as followeth:

The Paper from the Lord General is as followeth; viz.

1. That the Officers and Soldiers, who were in Pay, in Army or Garrison, the 25th of April 1660, shall have their just Arrear, paying or defalking for their Quarters; in Prosecution of his Majesty's Declaration, and my Engagement to the Army, upon the Address by them made, toacquiefce in the Judgment of Parliament.

2. That, for the present Subsistence of the Army, the Months Pay, appointed by Ordinance of Parliament, in Part of the Six Weeks Pay now due upon the new Account, may be forthwith ittued; that so the Army

and

and Garrisons may be put into a Condition of Subsiste'nce, until so many of them shall be disbanded, as shall be thought fit, by his Majesty, and the Parliament.

3. That the Forces, that of Necessity for the present must be continued, for Defence of the Garrisons in Scotland, are, Three Regiments of Foot, and One Troop of Horse: The Residue, now there, are, Three Regiments of Foot, and Eleven Troops of Horle; which may be disposed of, as shall be thought fit.

4. As to the Forces in Field and Garrison within this Kingdom, (appearing upon the Lift annexed) so many of them may forthwith be disbanded, as shall be thought fit.

5. And, for the Manner of disbanding, the Money being prepared, I shall, upon Notice from the Commissioners appointed for that Purpose, draw the Regiments to the most convenient Places, and nearest to their Quarters, where the Arms may be secured for his Majesty's Service, (that is to say) the Foot Arms, except Swords, which are their own , and for the Horse to deliver up what defensive Arms they have , their Horses, Swords, and Pistols, being their own likewise.

This being done, the Field Officers of every Regiment, to give Passes, under their Hands and Seals, to all under their Commands, to go into their respective Countries.

As to the last Part of the Order, I have already given Direction, that no Soldiers be henceforth lifted in any Troops or Companies: And that myself take care, that no Officers be from henceforth commissionated into the Room of any that shall die, or be removed.

He therewith reported an Abstract of the Arrears of the Army, upon the Establishment for , as the

lame is estimated to the Sixteenth of January 1659, upon the View of those Mullers taken in July and 1659.

The said Paper from the Lord General was after read in Parts:

Resolved, That all the Forces now of the English Establishment, whether in England, or elsewhere, be disbanded with all convenient Speed.

Resolved, That such of the Officers and Soldiers, in Army or Garrison, who were in actual Service, on the Twenty-fifth of April 1660, and not discharged since, for not taking of the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, shall have their just Arrear-, paying or defalking for their Quarters; in Prosecution of his Majesty's Declaration, and the Lord General's Engagement to the Army, upon the Address by them made, to acquiesce in the Judgment of the Parliament.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of the Army, to prepare a Bill for disbanding of die Army, and bring it in Tomorrow Morning: And that Serjeant Clyn, Sir Henage Finch, Sir Edward ‘ Mr.

Air. Annejlty, be added to that Committee, as to this Business: And they are to meet at Two of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Chamber where the Committee of the Army do fit.

Ordered, That Sir Tho. Widdrington, a Member of this House, have Leave to go into the Country.

Ordered, That Mr. Rob. Culliford have Leave to go into the Country.

Ordered, That the Debate, upon the Amendments to the Ministers Bill, be resumed Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Rainiford, Mr. Mallet, and Mr. Chafe, Members of this House, have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

Resolved, That Fourteen Days Pay, Part of the Months Pay, formerly ordered by both Houses, be forth-

with issued, and paid to the Army, on Account of their Pay.

Resolved, That all the Monies, which shall remain in the Treasuries, (after the said Fourteen Days Pay issued) shall be reserved, and applied immediately, towards the disbanding of the Army.

The House being informed, that Nicholas Shephard Clerk, Chaplain to Mr. Speaker, and having his Protection under his Hand and Seal, was arrested by Rob. Browne and Charles Brooke, at the Suit of Rob.;

and is thereupon detained, notwithstanding the said cholas Shephard acquainted them with his Relation to Mr. Speaker,

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do fend for the said Robert Tallop, Rob. Browne, and Charles Brooke, in Custody, to answer their Contempt and Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Vowell be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill, font from the Lords, concerning the Marquis of Winchester, is referred.

Ordered, That the Bill for enabling Mr. Newton to fell Lands for Payment of Debts, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That George Fox and Robert who, by virtue of an Order of this House, were taken into Custody by the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for some Disturbances at Harwich, be forthwith released, and set at Liberty; upon good Bail first: given, to render themselves, when they shall be in that Behalf required.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee for the Army, to fend down printed Copies of the Poll- Bill into the several Counties, with Direction to the Commissioners, to use all Expedition to get in the Money thereupon j payable in their respective Limits.

Sir Henage Finch reports a new Draught of a Petition,' to be presented by both Houses to the King's Majesty, to preserve the Lives of Sir Henry Vane, and Colonel John Lambert:Which was read j and the further De-

bate thereof adjourned till Tomorrow.

Friday, 31th August, 1660-

PRAYERS.

cprOhn Lovvroo did this Day take the Oaths of Supremacy J and Allegiance, at the Table, in Order to his Naturalization.

Sir George Downing reports Amendments to the Bill for the regulating of the Trade of Bay-making, in the Town of Colchester: Which were twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

Ordered, That this Bill, thus amended, be ingrossed.

A Bill for enabling Sir Anthony Browne to fell some Lands in Essex, for the Payment of his Debts, was this Day read the f irft time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read die Second time Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for consolidating and uniting of the Rectory and Vicarage of Preston in the County of Suffolke was this Day read the first time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time on. Monday next.

A Bill for uniting the Parishes of St. Andrewe's, and St. Mary Witton, in Droitwich, in die County of

Worcester9

Worceficr, was. this Day read the Second time; and, upon the Question, ordered to be ingrossed.

A IJill, ingrossed, sent from the Lords, for settling of the Priory of Wootton, and other Lands, in the County of Yorke, belonging to the Earl of , in the

Hands of Trustees, for the Payment of Debts, was this Day read the Third time, with some Amendments: And the said Bill, with the Amendments, being put to the Question, passed.

Ordered, That Mr. Charlton do carry it to the Lords.

And he carried it to the Lords accordingly.

A Bill for enabling of Wm. Milward to fell Lands, for Payment of his Debts; was this Day read the Second time , and, upon the Question, committed unto Mr. Swinfin, Mr. Barton, Mr. Pr, Sir Ralph Ashton, Mr.

Mynors, Mr. Charlton, Sir Roger Mr. Rigby

Mr. Bamfeild, Mr. Lucy, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Tong, Mr.

Baker-, and all the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, that serve for the Counties of Stafford, Lancashire, Derby, and Kent: And are to meet at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Resolved, That this House do resume the Debate upon the Amendments to the Bill for Navigation.

The Amendments to the said Bill were this Day read the Second time and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

Ordered, That this Bill, thus amended, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Bill prohibiting the Transportation of Wool, and Fullers Earth, be reported Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill for Impropriations be read Tomorrow Morning.

The House resumed the Debate upon the Bill for settling Ministers:

Resolved, That the Justices of the Peace in the several Counties now in the Commission of the Peace, within their respective Counties, Limits, and Precincts; and, the Members of this House, not in Commission, in the respective Counties where they inhabit; be the Commit sioners for putting in Execution the Powers in this Bill.

Resolved, That the said Commissioners have Power to rail to their Assistance, in judging of Ignorance and Insufficiency, such of the ablest Divines, in the respective Counties, as they shall think fit.

Resolved, That the Quorum of the said Commissioners be Five.

Resolved, That the Time for performing what is entrusted to the said Commissioners for this Bill, be enlarged to the Twenty-fifth of December 1660.

Resolved, That this Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That it be referred to Serjeant Hales, Mr. Charlton, Colonel King, Serjeant Littleton, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Bamp Mr. Mr.

Harris, Mr. Young, Sir Anthony Irby, Sir Thomas Metres, Mr. Shapcot, Mr. Got, Mr. Chafe, Stonehouse, Mr. Barton, and Mr. Mallet, to give Direction to the Clerk, in case of his addressing to them upon any Difficulty that he shall find, about the Ingrofiing of the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Tho. Bacon have Leave to go into the Country.

A Message from the Lords, by , Two Mailers of Chancery j

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a present Conference with this House in the Painted Chamber, on Occasion of a Message they have now received from his Majesty.

Ordered, That a present Conference with the Lords be granted, as is desired.

The Messengers being called in again, Mr. Speaker gave them this Answer,

The House have considered of your Message; and do agree to a present Conference, as is desired.

Ordered, That Mr. Hollis, Serjeant Hales, Mr. Pryn, Lord Herbert, Serjeant Littleton, Mr. Charlton, Sir John Holland, Mr. Swinfin, Sir Geo. Savile, Lord Falkland, Serjeant Glyn, Mr. Tong, Mr. Trevor, be the Committee to manage this Conference.

Ordered, That Mr. Thurland have Leave to go into the Country, he first paying his Poll-Money.

Sir Henage Finch reports, that the Scope of the said Conference with the Lords was, to acquaint them with a Message received from his Majesty; which was read at the Conference , and was delivered to the Committee, to be communicated to this House:

Which Message was read , and is as followeth:

CHARLES R.

His Majesty being frequently desired, by several Members of the House of Peers, to dispense with their Absence from the Service of the House , and to give them Leave to go into the Country, for their Healths, and their Affairs .* And finding that the Circuits will carry very many of the Members of the House of Commons into their several Countries; where, he doubts not, they will much advance his Majesty's Service, and the Peace of the Kingdom: And the House of Commons having, by their Speaker, desired his Majesty's Leave to go into the Country: His Majesty is graciously pleased, that both Houses shall have a Recess upon Saturday, the Eighth of the next Month: In which time, he doubts not care will be taken for the raising such Money, as shall be necessary for the Payment of the Debts of the Navy, dif-banding the Armies, and supporting it, till it shall be disbanded -, which his Majesty desires as much as any Man. And his Majesty intends, that both Houses shall meet again upon Tuesday the Sixth of November next.

Whitehall, this One-and-thirtieth Day of 1660.'

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas do bring in the Provilb to the Bill for fetding Ministers, (formerly committed) Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That no new private Business be entertained, nor any private Business, depending in the House, be proceeded in, till the Day of Adjournment.

Resolved, That a Message be sent to the Lords, tx> desire a free Conference upon the Subject-Matter of the last Conference.

Ordered, That the Lord Ancram do go with this Message to the Lords.

Ordered, That the Committee, who managed the former Conference, be appointed to manage this Conference.

Ordered, That the Members of this House, who are of his Majesty's Privy Council, be desired to be Remembrancers, to his Majesty, of issuing a Proclamation about the Poll- Bill.

Sir Wm. Doyley reports a Bill for giving Power to Commissioners to disband the Army: Which was this Day read the First time.

He also reports Rules, Orders, and Instructions, for disbanding the Army: Which was read.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning, the first Business.

Saturday

12 Car. II

Journals of the House of Commons. 14

Saturday, i*September, 1660.

Prayers.

SIR Wm. Doyley reports the Draught of a Letter,

to be signed by Mr. Speaker, and sent to the Lord Mayor of London, about hastening in the Poll-Money Which was read , and agreed; the Tenor whereof being as followeth:

My Lord,

H E present Importance, of a speedy and effectual Execution of the Powers and Directions, given in the Act for raising Poll-Money, and bringing it seasonably in, for the disbanding of the Army, hath induced the House of Commons, by me, to recommend it, as their earnest Desire, to your Lordship, and the rest of the Gentlemen, who are named Commissioners in the said Act, that you will use your utmost Endeavours therein, for the Furtherance of the Service, so much tending to the future Settlement and Ease of the Kingdom} in which your Expedition may allb prevent much of the Charge of the daily growing Pay of the Army, until they are disbanded \ and will be taken as a very acceptable Service to the Parliament and Kingdom. I rest.

My Lord,

Your Lordship's very

Loving Friend,

To the Right Honourable the Lord Mayor of the City of London; and the rest of the Commissioners for Poll-Money, in the said City.

These.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do sign the said Letter, in the Name of this House.

Ordered, That the several Members of this House do fend Letters, of the same Effect, to the respective Counties, Cities, and Boroughs, for which they serve.

A Bill, ingrossed, for Maintenance of the Vicar, for the Time being, of the Vicarage of Roy ft on* in the Counties of Hertford and Camb, and of his Successors. Vicars of the said Vicarage, was this Day read the Third time; and, upon the Question, passed.

Mr. Crouch to carry it to the Lords.

Resolved, That this be the Title of the Bill, An Act For Maintenance of the Vicar, for the Time being, of the Vicarage of Royston, in the Counties of Hertford and Cambridge, and of his Successors, Vicars of the said

Vicarage.

A Bill, ingrossed, for the Regulating of the Trade of Bay-making, in the Dutch Bay-Hall in Cole heft er, was this Day read the Third time i and, upon the Question, passed.

Resolved, That this be the Title of the Bill , An Act for the Regulating of the Trade of Bay-making, in the Dutch Bay-Hall in Colchester.

Ordered, That Mr. Crouch do carry up this Bill, with the other Bill, to the Lords.

Ordered, That the Committee for Accounts do state, in Writing, the Matter now proposed, for restraining further Payments at the Excise, or Debts contrafted about the Year 16471 and bring it in on Monday Morning.

Ordered, That the Committee, for regulating of Fees, be revived; and fit de die in diem; and report to the House somewhat touching regulating of Fees.

A Bill, ingrossed, for settling of Ministers Livings, was this Day read the Third time. —

A Message from the Lords, by Dr. Rennet and i Two Matters of Chancery j

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed Two Bills; the one for naturalizing Dorothea Countess of,

and others; and also, a Bill for the necessary Support of the Work of draining the great Level of the Fens: To yhich they desire your Concurrence*

Ordered, That these Bills be read on Monday next. —

Resolved, That in the ift Skin, 57 Line, of the Ministers Bill, after the Word " or," and before the Word " the*" instead of the Word " upon," the Word " before" be inserted.

Ordered, That in the 3d Skin, Line 52, after the Word " the," and before the Word " in," these Words " Justices now" be omitted, and the Word " Persons" inserted in the Place thereof and in the same Skin, Line 54, after the Word " 'Tweed," and before the Word " within," these Words be inserted, " on the first Day of September 1660."

Ordered, That these Words, in the Committee's Amendments, Folio 4, Line 4, viz. " unless it shall be proved that he, or they, are ignorant, scandalous, or insufficient, by the Oaths of Two, or more, credible Witnesses, before the Commissioners appointed by this Act; who are hereby authorized to administer an Oath unto the Witnesses for that Purpose," be omitted.

Resolved, That Folio 5, Line r, the Word " every", be inserted, instead of the Word " any."

Ordered, That the Words " to be proved, as aforesaid," Folio 5, Line 16, be transposed, to follow the Word " scandalous."

Ordered, That a Proviso be prepared, to impower the Commissioners to put Persons into Possession who shall refuse to deliver Possession, or to give Bond; and that Mr. Charlton, Mr. Pryn, and Serjeant Glyn, do prepare

the fame.

The Lord Ancrum reports, that, according to the Commands of this House, he went to the Lords, and desired a present free Conference, upon the Subject-Matter of the last Conference , and that the Lords fend Answer, that they will return Answer by Messenger^of their own.

Mr. Thomas reports a Proviso touching Livings, granted by the King: Which was read the First and Second time.

He reports another Proviso to the same Effect, varying only in Point of Time: Which was read the First time. —

A Message from the Lords, by Dr* and * ,

Two Matters of the Chancery,

Mr. Speaker, The Lords, upon a Message sent by this House to the Lords, for a present free Conference, have commanded us to let you know, that they will give you a present free Conference, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee do represent to the Lords, the Sense of this House, that, upon the next Recess, it will be most convenient for the Houses to adjourn themselves j and to offer these Reasons: If it should be a Prorogation, or Adjournment by Writ, all Matters, depending before the Houses, will be discontinued j and Acts, whose Expiration depends on the End of the next Session, will determine, unless continued by a new Act. They are to take notice, to the Lords, 01 our humble and thankful Acknowledgment of his Majesty's gracious Readiness, to answer the Desires of the Houses, in granting the said Recess: And to desire them to return to his Majesty the humble Thanks of the Houses. —

Ordered, That it be referred to a Committee, upon the Debate, to perfect the Proviso this Day reported by Mr. Thomas; and forthwith to present it to this' House: And that Mr. Swinfin, Mr. Crew, Serjeant Hales, Mr. Charlton, Sir Henage Finch, Mr. Anneftey, *Oo Dr,

Dr. Clcyton, Mr. Secretary MSeijeant Mr.

Thurl and, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Bampfeild, Mr. be

the said Committee.

Resolved, That the King's Majesty be desired not to dispose of any of the Manors or Lands of the Persons excepted from Pardon by the Act of General Pardon, Indemnity, and Oblivion, until his Brothers, the Dukes of Torke and Gloucester, be provided for: And the Lords Concurrence is desired herein.

Resolved, That Ten thousand Pounds be charged upon the Receipt of the Excise for his Highness the Duke of Torke, and paid in Course, by the Commissioners of Ex-cife, to his Highness, or his Assigns, next after such Monies as have been charged upon the Excise, since the Sitting of the secluded Members; together with Interest for the fame, at Six per Cent*, till the Principal shall be satisfied: And the Commissioners of the Excise are authorized and required to pay the same accordingly.

Resolved, That Seven thousand Pounds be charged Upon the Receipt of the Excise for his Highness the Duke of Gloucester, and paid in Course, by the Cotnmif-

sioners of Excise, to his Highness, or his Assigns, next after such Monies as have been charged upon the Excise since the Sitting of the secluded Members \ together with, Interest for the fame, at Six per ', till the Principal shall be satisfied: And the Commissioners of Excise are authorized and required to pay the same accordingly.

That the Lords Concurrence be desired herein.

That Mr. Anneftey do carry these, and the next foregoing Orders, to the Lords.

Ordered', That, next after the Dispatch of the Bill for disbanding the Army, on Monday next, the Committee for the King's Majesty's Revenue do make a Report, so far as they have proceeded in that Affair.

Ordered, That the Members of this House, to whom the Distribution of the One hundred thousand Pounds, to be fetded on his Majesty, in lieu of the Court of Wards, is referred, do meet at Five of the Clock this Afternoon, for the perfecting of their Report, in that Business.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee, to whom the Bill of Excise is referred, do meet this Afternoon, in order to the perfecting of a Report upon that Bill.

Ordered, That the House doth fit both Forenoon and Afternoon every Day the next Week.

Ordered, That this House do meet every Morning the next Week, at Half an Hour after Eight of the Clock.

The Bill for disbanding of the Army, was this Day read the Second time; and committed to the Committee for the Army; and to Sir George Downing, Sir Tho. Clarges, Colonel Harley, Sir Rich. Browne, Sir Ralph Knight, Sir John Marsham, Sir Edward Turner, Sir Rob. Pye, Lord Falkland, Mr. Titus, Colonel Gerrard, Sir

Wm. Wheeler, Sir Allen Broad, Lord Howard, Sir

Wm.Waller, Serjeant Glyn, Mr. Hollis, Sir John Northcot, Colonel Francis Windham, Lord Angier, Sir Anthony Irby, Mr. Bryn, Colonel Rob. Harley: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Chamber where the Committee for the Army do usually meet.

The Bill for settling the Establishment of Dunkirke was read the Second time; and, on the Question, committed to Sir Thomas Clergis, Mr. Pryn, Sir Anthony Irby, Colonel Edward Harley, Mr. Chafe, Colonel Birch, Sir Henagt Finch, Sir Allen Broadrick, Colonel Windham,

Colonel King, Colonel Shapcot, Sir Ralph Knight, Sir Geo. Downing, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Hollis, Colonel Gerrard, Sir Wm. Waller, Sir Henry Oxenden, Sir Roger Palmer, Sir Wm. Doyley, Colonel Willoughby, Captain Titus, Sir John Holland, Mr. Annejley, Sir Tho. Willis, Sir Edward

MaJJey, Mr. Spry, Sir Edward Turner, Sir John -sham, Mr. Reames, Sir Ralph Hare, Sir Geo. Reeves, Mr. Pryn, Sir Rob. Pye, Major Tolhurst. Sir Henry North, Sir Francis Gerrard, Sir Samuel Luke, Mr. Swin-fin. Sir Solomon Swale, Major Hales, Sir Wm. , Dr. Mills, Lord Fairfax, Mr. Coleman, Mr. Lucy, Sir Henry Crofts, Mr. Wareing, Mr. Bofcowen, Mr. Powell, Mr. Harris, Mr. Andrewes, Colonel Rob. Harley, Mr. Lidcot, Mr. Lowther, Mr. , Sir Anthony Ashley Cooper, Sir Edw. Deering, Mr. Minors: And they are to meet in the Inner Court of Wards, at Two of the Clock this Afternoon.

Ordered, That it be referred to the same Committee, to take Consideration of the Island of Jamaica and to receive such Proposals as shall be made, in order to its Security and Managing with least Charge to the Publick, and to the best Advantage of his Majesty's Service; and to make Report therein to the House.

Ordered, That private Committees may fit this Afternoon, notwithstanding the late Order of the House for not proceeding in private Business.

Ordered, That Mn John Bennet hzVe Leave to gq into the Country.

The House adjourns itself till Monday Morning Eight of Clock.

Monday, September 3d, 1660.

Prayers.

THE House being informed that a Writ, for a new Election for the Borough of Wiggan in the County of Lancaster, was delivered, by the Clerk of the Crown, to one Mr. Stoughton, who detains the same in his Hands; whereby the Execution thereof is delayed, and this House is deprived of a Member *,

Ordered, That the said former Writ be superseded; and that the Lord Chancellor, and the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, respectively, do supersede the same accordingly; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, to prepare a new Writ for a new Election for the said Borough t Which the Lord Chancellor, and Chancellor of the Duchy, respectively, are to issue and pals under the Great Seal of England, and Seal of the Duchy, accordingly.

Ordered, That the Sheriffs of the City of London and Middlesex, be, and are hereby, authorized and required, forthwith to release, and set at Liberty, the Body of Richard Birt, who is now detained Prisoner in the Poultry Compter, London, at the Suit of Newman, and others; he being avowed by Mr. Cowper, a Member of this House, to be employed by him as his menial Servant.

Mr. Knight reports a Bill for restraining the Exportation of Wool, Wool-fells, Fullers Earth &c. out of the Kingdom: Which was read the First time , and ordered to be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That the Sum of Five thousand Pounds,' towards Repair of his Majesty's Houses, be charged on the Receipt of Excise, and paid in Course next after the Monies appointed to be paid to their Highnesses the Dukes of Torko and Gloucester: And the Commissioners of the Excise are hereby impowered and required to pay the said Five thousand Pounds accordingly, to Mr. Denham, his Majesty's Surveyor of the Works, or his Assigns, upon Account for the said Service j together with Interest for the feme, after Six per ',till the Principal shall be satisfied: And the Acquittance of the said Mr. Denham, or his Assigns, testifying his Receipt thereof, shall be, to the said Commissioners, a sufficient Discharge.

A Bill

A Bill, sent from the Lords, for the necessary Support of the Work of draining the great Level of the Fens, Was this Day read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second tithe, T o-morrow-Morning.

Mr. Bmpfeild reports Amendments to the Bill for confirming Marriages: Which were read the First and Second time.

Ordered, That in Fol. 2, Line 13, after the Word " been," and before the Word " or," in the Interlineation, the Word " taken" be omitted, and, inllead thereof, the Word u joined" inserted; and that in the same Line, after the Word " be," and before the Word " joined," the Words " taken or" be omitted.

And the Amendments, with those Alterations, were, on the Question, agreed unto.

Ordered, That this Bill be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Dr. Bennet and *, Matters of Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a free Conference, pre-lently, with this House, in the Painted-Chamber, upon the Matter of die last Conference.

Ordered, That a free Conference be granted with the Lords, as is desired.

The Messengers being called in again, Mr. Speaker gave them this Answer;

The House have considered of your Message *, and do agree to a present free Conference.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to manage the last Conference, do manage this.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Player, Receiver General of

the Three Months Assessment, commencing the Twenty-fourth of June 1660, do attend this House at their fitting this Afternoon; and that the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do give him notice of this Order.

Mr. Bampfeild reports from the Committee, a Prorilb, ingrossed, touching Presentations granted by the King's Majesty; viz.

" Provided always, and be it Enacted, that this Act, or any thing herein contained, shall not prejudice the Title of any Person or Persons, to any Ecclesiastical Living, Benfice, or Promotion, with Cure of Souls, in this Act mentioned; who, having been presented to such Benefice or Promotion by his Majesty, under the Great Seal of England, between the First Day of May in the Year of our Lord 1660, and the Twenty-sixth Day of slugujl in the same Year, shall be declared, by Name, by his Majesty, by Proclamation to be issued before the Twenty-ninth Day of September in the Year of our Lord 1660, to have the Benefit Of such Prefen tation; but that such Presentees, so presented and declared by his Majesty, shall, and may, from and after the said Twenty-ninth Day of September, enjoy the same Benefices, and Promotions respectively, as if this Act had not been made: Nevertheless, it is declared and enacted, that such Persons, as upon the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1659, were the Possessors of such Benefices or Promotions, shall not be charged by such Presentees of his Majesty, with, or for any Profits, by them of any of them received, before the said Twenty-ninth Day of September; but shall hold and enjoy the Profits of such Benefices and Promotions respectively, until the said Twenty-ninth Day of September :"

Which was read the First and Second time; and, upon the Question, passed and agreed to be Part of the Bill. —

A Message from the Lords, by Dr. Bennet and *, Matters of Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have received this Petition, in Behalf of feme Soldiers maimed in the Service of his late Majesty, which they recommend to this House, de-

x

firing feme Order may be taken fot the Relief of them, as you have done for feme others:

And therewith the Petition was delivered, being directed " To the Right Honourable the Lords assembled in Parliament," and intituled, " The humble Petition of Henry Simpkins, John Peirce, Rich. Edward

Williams, 'Thomas Lewis, See." in Behalf of themselves and others: Which was read.

Sir John Marsham Ipake some Words, on occasion of the Debate of the said Petition, to which Exceptions were taken: But, upon his explaining of himself, the House received Satisfaction.

Ordered, That the Answer, to be given so the Messengers, be, that this House will return Answer by Messengers of their own.

The Messengers were called in again; and Mr. Speaker gave them this Answer;

The House have 'cohfiderfed of your Message > and will return Answer by Messengers of their own.

Ordered, That Serjeant Hales, Serjeant Gfymte, Mr. Bampfeild, and Sir Hefidge Finch, db prepare a Memorial to be entered in the Journal, upon occasion of the said Petition , upon the present Debate. —

Another Proviso was tendered to the Bill, concerning Ministers Livings , viz." Provided always, and be it Enacted, that no Person whatsoever, that shall, either by Preaching or Printing, or arty other Way, openly declare his Opinion against the publick Liturgy, and the Epifeopal Government of the Church of England,- tHl it be abolished by a legal Authority, shall have any Benefit of this Act: " Which Was read the First time; and laid aside.-----

Mr . Annejleydid this Day. carry to the Lords, the Three Orders of Saturday last; the Ohe concerning his Majesty's not disposing of the Efthfes of the excepted Persons; and the other, for the1 Seventeen thousand Pounds, to the Two Dukes of Torke and Gloucester-.

Ordered, That Mr. Annejley do put thie Lords in Mind Of the Bill, for confirming the fundamental Laws, sent from this House;

Mr. Hollis reports, that at the Conference with the Lords this Day, the Lord Chancellor told us, the Lords desired That Conference to communicate to us; that, in regard, the Subject of the Conference was, the King's Majesty's Message about a Recess; which first arose From the Desire of this House; and, that this House hath communicated to them their Reasons why an Adjournment may be more convenient than a Session; they had repre-fented those Reasons to the King; and that the King was very willing it should be an Adjournment, as you desire: And he said This further, that though the King was in his own Thoughts inclineable to i Session, (and for some Reasons too, to bring it into the artcient Way of determining by Session) yet He was content; for the Reafehs you have offered, that it should be aS you defife. —

Another Proviso was tendered tb the Bill for Ministers; viz. " - Provided also that this Act, or any thing therein contained, shall ndt txtehd to cdrtfirin any Person in the Vicarage of Kidlingtpn, in the County of Oxford; but that the said Vicafagi 'shall remain, as formerly, annexed to the Reftorship of Exetet in

Oxford; any thing in this Act to the ctihtraty hotwitH-standingWhich was read the First and Second time; and, on the Question, agreed tb be Part of the Bill.

Another Proviso Was ..... this Bill; vtiz. a Provided also, that this Act, dt any thing therein contained, shall not extend to confirm any Fferfoh in the Rectory Of Garjlngton, in the County of Oxford but that the said Rectory shall remain, as formerly, annexed to the Prefl-dentlhlp of Trinity College in Oxford ahy thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding: Which was read

the

the First and Second time , and, on the Question, agreed to be Part of the Bill.

Another Proviso was tendered to this Bill; " Provided also that this Act, or any thing therein contained, shall not extend to confirm any Person in the Rectory of Cajlor, in the County of Northampton; byt that the said Rectory shall remain, as formerly, aiinexed to the Bi-fhoprick of Peterborough; any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding:" Which was read the First and Second time; and, on the Question, agreed to be Part of the Bill.

Another Proviso was tendered to this Bill; " Provided also that this Act, or any thing therein contained, shall not extend to confirm any Person in the Vicarage of Cudfden, in the County of Oxford; but that the said

Vicarage shall remain, as formerly, annexed to the Bi-fhoprick of Oxford j any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding:" Which was read the First and Second time , and, on the Question, agreed to be Part of the Bill.

Another Proviso was tendered to this Bill j viz. " Provided always, that this Act, nor any thing therein contained, shall extend to the confirming or fetding any Person in a Living, that hath printed, published, or preached against his Majesty that now is, his Right, or Succession to the Crowns of these RealmsWhich was read the First and Second time.

Resolved, That the Word " published," in the Third Line, be omitted.

Resolved, That, to the Word " printed," in the Third line, these Words " any Treatise" be added.

Resolved, That the said Proviso, thus amended, be Part of this Bill.

Mr. Annesley brings Answer from the Lords, that the

Lords will be ready to join with this House in moving his Majesty, not to dispose of the Estates of the excepted Persons; according to the Order of Saturday last , and that their Lordships concur with this House in the Orders for Ten thousand Pounds to the Duke of Torke, and Seven thousand Pounds to the Duke of Gloucester; and that, as to the Bill for confirming the fundamental Laws, the Lords gave Answer, that it is committed; and they will give it a Dispatch as soon as may be.

This House adjourns itself till Four of Clock in the Afternoon.

Monday, 3d September, 1660, Meridiem.

f\Rdered, That it be referred to the Committee, to whom the Business of the Captives at Algier and Tunis is referred; to examine what Monies have been expended for Redemption of any of the said Captives , and which ought to have been paid out of the Algier Duty, since the Year 1651 , and to state the Fast, and to report it to the House: And that Mr. Bofcawen, Mr. , Mr.

Jollijfe, Sir Geo. Downing, Sir Wm. Wheeler, Colonel King, Mr. Marvell, Sir John Frederick, Sir Wm. Vincent, Mr. Knight, Mr. Spry, Mr. Colonel Jones,

Mr. Barton, be added to that Committee.

Ordered, That ' the Committee for Privileges and Elections, do meet in the Exchequer-Chamber, at Two. of the Clock in the Afternoon of Thursday next.

The House being informed, that Sir Thomas Player was at the Door, he was called in; and, standing at the Bar, Mr. Speaker acquainted him with the great Necessities of the maimed Soldiers, Orphans, and Widows, for whose Relief Two thousand Pounds is charged on the Three Months Assessment , and desired Information, how it stands, as to the Payment thereof; and, why the same is not paid;

, To which he made Answer, That there is above

Sixty thousand Pounds to be paid in Course before them; till Payment whereof, he is bound up; and that he will be careful to pay the said Two thousand Pounds in its Turn: In the mean time, will use his Endeavour to borrow the fame, upon the Credit of the Ordinance:

Wherein, Mr. Speaker desired him to give a more particular Answer, on Wednesday Morning next.

The House resumed the Debate of the last Proviso, tendered in the Forenoon, to the Bill for settling of Mi-nifters Livings.

Resolved, That immediately before these Words in the Proviso last tendered; viz. " hath printed any Treatise, or preached," the Word " maliciously" be inserted.

Resolved, That at the Close of the said Proviso, these Words be added; viz. " so as the same be proved by the Oaths of Two credible Witnessfes, before the Commissioners appointed by this Act, who have hereby Power to administer the same; and so adjudged by the said Commissioners, before the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1660."

Mr. Charlton reports another Proviso; viz.

" Provided also, that if any Minister, who shall by this Act be adjudged to be removed, shall not give up the Possession, according to the Order of the said Commissioners; then such Minister shall be liable to answer the mesne Profits to the Person that was sequestered, ejected, or kept out; and shall also be committed to Prison, until he perform the said Order, by any Three of the said Commissioners; this Act, or any other Act, Law, or Statute, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding:"

Which was read the First time , and laid aside.

Instead thereof, this Proviso was tendered; viz. " Provided also, that if any Minister, who shall by this Act be adjudged to be removed, shall not give up the Possession, according to the Order of the said Commissioners; then the said Commissioners, or any Five of them, shall grant their Warrant to the Sheriff of the County, to put such Person adjudged to be restored, into Possession, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; which said Sheriff shall execute the same accordingly; and in Default of such Warrant, the Sheriff of the County, for the time being, shall be and is hereby enabled and required, to give Possession accordingly :" Which was read and, on the Question, agreed to be Part of the BilL

Another Proviso was tendered to this Bill j " That this Act shall not expend or be construed, to give any Benefit unto any Ec,clefiastical Person, that did appear in Arms, and march in a Troop, in Opposition to the intended restoring of his Majesty, and a free Parliament, since the First Day of August, in the Year of our Lord 1659Which was read.

Ordered, That instead of the Words " give any Benefit unto," " this Word " confirm" be infuted, and that the Time limited for Proof thereof, shall be to the Twenty-fifth of December 1660; as was ordered, this Afternoon, to be added at the Close of the former Proviso.

Ordered, That no more Provisoes be tendered to this Bill, than what are now laid upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Debate of these Provisoes be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning j and then to be taken up the first Business.

Tuesday, 4th Septem, 1660.

Prayers.

THE Bill for recovering Five Thousand Pounds, the Residue of Eight thousand Pounds, lent to Alderman Temms, and Mr. Martin Noell, out of the Money collected for the poor Protestants of Piedmont , was this Day read the Second time , and, on the Question, ordered to be ingrafted.

The

1 z Car* II. journals of the House of Commotts, I49

The House resumed the Debate upon the Provisoes tendered to the Bill for settling Ministers Livings.

A Proviso was tendered to this Bill; " Provided,

that this Act, or any thing therein contained, shall not extend to give Benefit to any, who, by the Power of the Major Generals, and by Force of Arms, and not by Authority of Parliament, or Committee of plundered Ministers, have intruded themselves into sequestred Benefices Which was read; and, on the Question, ordered to be laid aside.

Another Proviso was tendered to this Bill; " Provided always, and be it Enacted, that every Person and Persons, being ordained as aforesaid, in Possession of any Ecclesiastical Benefice or Promotion, with Cure of Souls, who hath by Printing, Preaching, or otherwise, promoted the Restitution of his Majesty to his undoubted Rights and Government, shall (except in case where the former Incumbent is living) be continued and fetded in such Benefice or Promotion; any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding :* Which was read the First time; and, on the Question, ordered to be laid aside.

Another ProVilo was tendered to this Bill; " Provided also, that where any Person or Persons hath, by due Procds and Judgment of Law, recovered any Rectory, Benefice, or other Ecclesiastical Promotion; that all and every such Recoveries and Judgments respectively shall be of like, and no other, Force and Effect, as the same should have been, if this Act had not been made*, any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding Which was read the First time:

And, on the Question put, that the same be read the Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Proviso was tendered to this Bill; viz. " Provided always, that if any Minister, heretofore sequestred or ejected from a Benefice with Cure of Souls, be legally possessed of one or more Benefices with Cure of July Headship or Mastership of any College or Hall, in either of the Universities, exceeding the yearly Value of , and above Thirty Miles distant from such

Benefice, from which he was removed, as aforesaid; that then, in such Case, such Minister be not restored; but that the Minister, in Possession of such Benefice, being qualified according to this Act, is hereby, and shall be, continued and settled lawful Incumbent in such Benefice; any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding ^Which Was read the First time:

And, on the Question put, that the same be read the Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

The Provisoes ingrafted into the Bill were read the Third time.

Resolved, That this Bill, with the said Provisoes, do pals. Resolved, That this be the Title of the Bill; viz. An Act for the confirming and restoring of Ministers.

Resolved, That Mr. Annejley do carry this Bill to the

Lords.

Mr. Annejley did carry the said Bill to the Lords, accordingly.

Mr. Pryn reports, from the Committee, Amendments to the Bill touching the Marquis of , for repealing a Clause in a private Act, made 5® Edw. VI. touching the Limitation of the Duke of Lands:

hich were read , and, on the Question, agreed.

Resolved, That the said Bill, so amended, be ingrafted.

The Question being put, that the Committee, to whom the Marquis of Wincs Bill is committed, Lave Leave to fit between the Rising and Sitting of the House this Day;

It passed in the Negative.

Mr. AtmeJUy reports, that he hath delivered the Mini-

flers Bill to the Lords.

Ordered, That the Members of this House, who are

of his Majesty's Privy Council, do return to his Majesty the humble Thanks of this House, for his Majesty'd gracious Message, communicated to this House by Mr. Secretary Morris; whereby his Majesty Was pleased to signify his gracious Intentions to take care of arid provide for such Ministers, as are worthy, and every way qualified for the Work of the Ministry, and shall be removed from the respective Livings, by virtue of the Act for confirming and restoring of Ministers: And that they also present to his Majesty, the humble Desire of this House, that his Majesty will please to take care of them accordingly, as there shall be Occasion.

Colonel Jones reports the Draught of a Petition to his Majesty, in reference io the Charges laid upon the Cloth and other Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom, by the Dutch: Which was read; and, with some Amendments, was, on the Question, agreed; being as followeth; viz.

To the King's most Excellent Majesty;

The humble Petition of the Commons assembled in Parliament:

Shewing,

'J'H AT Woollen Cloth, and other Woollen Manufactures within this Realm, are the chief Support of many Thousand Inhabitants thereof; the principal Foundation, upon which the foreign Commerce of this Kingdom moveth; and the great Means of upholding and advancing of Your Majesty's Customs and Subsidies:

That, for some Years past, the Dutch have designed to beat down and discourage That Manufacture in this Realm, and to gain the same to themselves; which they have in a great measure effected:

That, in order to that Design, they have imposed these immoderate and excessive Imposts, or Charges, upon English Cloth, imported into their Countries; viz. upon every short Cloth, Twenty Shillings; upon every long Cloth, Twenty-four Shillings; upon every Cloth, Thirty Shillings; and also, a certain Charge of Tare, usually amounting to Ten Shillings, upwards, upon every English Cloth:

That by the Exemption of the Dutch Cloth from these Charges, and by the laying these excessive Taxes upon English Manufactury, the Market and Vent of English Cloth, and other Woollen Manufacture, is hindered; the English Merchant discouraged; and, in effect,. little less than a plain Inhibition of the Trade of those Manufactures into Holland, is introduced and maintained.

The Premises considered, Your most obedient Subjects, the Commons assembled in Parliament, humbly pray, that upon the Treaty with the Dutch, Your Majesty will be pleated to take such effectual Course, that the excessive Impositions aforesaid be taken off from the English Cloth; and that the like Care may be taken in Treaties with other Princes and States:

And Your Petitioners shall ever pray £5V.

Ordered, That the Lords Concurrence be desired herein: And Colonel Jones is to carry it to the Lords.

A Bill for the necessary Support of the Work of draining the great Level of the Fens, was this Day read the Second time; and, on the Question, committed to Lord Aungier, Sir Henry Nort, Mr. , Mr.

Mr. Trevor, Serjeant Hales, Sir Anthony Sir Francis Gerrard, Colonel Richard Ingoljhy, Mr.

Mr. Goodwin, Mr. Swanton, Sir Henage Finch, Lord Falkland, Mr. Vowell, Lord , Mr. Mynors,

Sir Gilb. Gerrard, Sir George , Mr. Annejley,

Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Hollis, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Rush-worth, Mr. Tomkins, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Sir John

Lowther, Colonel Shapcot, Serjeant Glyn, Mr. Lowther,

Sir Geo. Reeves, Mr. Smith, Colonel Gerrard, Sir Wm. Wheeler, Mr. Newton, Mr. Eyres, Mr. Mr.

P p Hampden

b>

IfO

Mr. Hampden, Lord Spencer, Mr. Ilele., Sir IVm.

Mr. Baynion, Lord Herbert, Colonel £/»£, Sir

Marsham, Lord Broghill, Mr. Mr. , Mr.

Knight, Mr. Crowch, Mr. Marvell, Sir Sir Pj<?, Mr. Herlc, Mr. Ellison, Mr. Fa/fy, Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. Bofcawen, Mr. Pry», Mr. Mallet,

Sir Northcot, Lord Bruce, Mr. Lord

Howard, Sir John Temple, Mr. Merrick, Mr. Hunger-ford, Sir Ralph Knight, Colonel Hugh Mr.

liard. Sir George Booth, Mr. Bacon, Sir John Dawney, Mr. Fyennes, Mr. Harris, Mr. Tong, Mr. Charlton, Mr.

Bampfeild, Mr. Grey, Mr. Capell, Sir Willis, Sir

John Carter, Sir Tho. Dacre, Mr. Ellison, Sir Anthony

Ashley Cooper, Sir John Norwich, Sir John Cotton, Mr.

Swinfen, Sir Richard Browne, Mr. Merrick, Mr. ford, Mr. Coles, and all the Members of this House, that serve for the Counties, Cities, and Boroughs of Northampton, Norfolk, Suffolk, Lincolne, Cambridge, Huntington, and the Isle of Ely: And they are to meet in the Exchequer Chamber, at Three of the Clock this Afternoon.

The humble Petitiort of the Inhabitants of the Isle of Ely, more particular, those of the Norch-fide of Levvington, Newton, and Tid St. Giles, containing Fourteen thousand Seven hundred and Sixty Acres, was read* and referred to the said Committee.

The humble Petition of Sir Wm. Playters, Colonel Samuel Sandys, Colonel Rob. Phillips, Colonel William Terringham, Sir John Hewet, on the Behalf of themselves,

and many others, was read; and referred to the aforesaid Committee.

Ordered, That Henry Newman, at whose Suit Richard Birt, a menial Servant of Mr. Cooper, a Member of this House, was arrested; as also Edward Barber and Ga-madge, who arrested the said Richard Birt, (all which Persons were taken into Custody by the Serjeant at Arms attending this House) be forthwith discharged, and set at Liberty, they first paying their Fees.

Resolved, That the ingrafted Bills, remaining before the House, be read the first Business in the Afternoon, at the Sitting of the House.

Ordered, That a Message be lent to the Lords, to acquaint them, that this House have determined to fit Forenoon and Afternoon, till the Adjournment of the Houses and to desire them, that they will do the like, for the Dispatch of publick Business: And Sir George Downing and Lord Aungier are to carry this Message to the Lords.

Sir Henage Finch reports from the Committee, to whom it was referred to consider of a Revenue to be settled on the King's Majesty, and the State of the late King's Re-Venue an Estimate of the present Revenue of his Majesty, and several Resolves Of the said Committee: That is to say.

That, according to the best Information the Committee could receive from the Officers heretofore employed about the Revenue, the Total of the Revenue, which came unto his late Majesty, amounted* from the Year 1-6.37 the Year 1641 inclusive, comtnttnibks artffii, urtto Eight Hundred Ninety-five thousand Eight hundred and Nineteen Pounds, Five Shillings Whereof TWb hundred and Ten thousand Four hundred Ninety-three Pounds Seventeen Shillings and FoUr-penCe did afife by Payments, partly not warranted by Law, partly expired: And that the Expences of his said late Majesty's Government did amount, cotmunibus amis, to about Two huhdned

thousand Pounds a Year above the Receipt* ifi which Computation the Incomes, arising by Ship-Money, art not comprehended: And that, by Eftirriate, the present Revenue of his now Majesty may be computed at Eight hundred and Nineteen thousand Thrfce huttdrtd Ninety-fight Pounds* or thereabouts: That is to say By

A. 1660.

c s- d'

400.000 ——

100.000 — —

263,598 — - — 21,500 —

4.000 ——

8.000 ——

22,300 — —

£. 8x9,398 — —

Of which Sum Forty-five thousand Six hundred Ninety-eight Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Seven-pence, Part of the said Two hundred Sixty-three thousand Five hundred Ninety-eight Pounds, for Farms and Rents, is casual, and, for the most part, left viz. for the Mint, Alum, Transportation of Gold, New Years Gifts* and installed Debts.

He also reports feme Resolves of the said Committee; viz.

That a Bill be tendered to the House, for Estabhshing, and Regulation, of the Office of Post-Master:

That the like Bill be tendered to the House, for Wine-Licences:

That a Bill be prepared, for settling the Lands of the Crown, fb that no Grant of the Inheritance shall be: good in Law nor any Lease^more than for three Lives, or Thirty-one Years, where a third Part of the true yearly Value is reserved for a Rent as it shall appear upon the Return of a Survey* which that Act is to take Order for, that it may be speedily had and taken:

That the House be desired to move the King's Majesty, that there be a Forbearance to make Leases of Lands, or other Grants of the Revenue, till the said Act be pafll-d: And

That the said Committee think fit, that the Revenue, for the constant yearly Support of his Majesty, be A Revenue of Twelve hundred thousand Pounds a Year.

The Question being propounded, that the prefertt King's Majesty's Revenue shall be made up Twelve hundred thousand Pounds a Year*

And the Question being put, that this Question b4 now put*

It paired in the Affirmative:

And the main Question being put it Was Resolved, That the present King's Majesty's Rewnufe shall be made up T welve hundred thousand Pounds a Year.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that a Bill be brought in* for Estabhshing, and Regulation, of the Office of Wine-Licences* and that another Bill be brought in, for settling the Lands of (ho Crown, so as that no Grant of the Inheritance shall be good in Law* nor any Lease, for more than three Lives, or One-mid-thirty Years, where a third Part of the true yearly Value is reserved for a Rent* as it Audi appear upon the Return of a Survey, which that Act is to take Order for, to be speedily had and taken: And that Mr. Sollicitor General, and Mr. Serjeant Glyn, do prepare and bring in Bills accordingly.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee* that the King's Majesty be humbly moved, front this House, to forbear to make any Leases of Lands* of other Grants of the Revenue of the Crown, till the said last mentioned Act be passed.

This House adjourns itself till Four of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Tuesday, 4th September, 1660, fojl Meridiem.

' 'DEJohed, That his Majesty be humbly moved, that he Will be pleased to forbear the Exercise of his Prerogative, in making use of his Tenures, till this House shall have settled a Revenue in Compensation thereof* which is already in an effectual Way of settling.

Journals of the House of Commons.

The Customs, ——

The Composition for die Court of

Wards, ——

The Revenue of Farms and Rents*

The Office of Foftage, ——

The Proceeds of Deane Forest, -

The Imposition on Seal-Coal exported. Wine Licences, and other Additions,

12 Car. II. Journals the

The ingrossed Bill, for Encouragement and Increase of Navigation, was this Day read the Third time.

A Clause was tendered to this Bill; " And it

is further Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of April which shall be in the Year of our Lord 1661, no Sugars, Tobacco, Cotton, Wool, Indicoes, Ginger, Fuftich, or other dying Wood, of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture, of any English Plantations in , or

Africa, shall be shipped, carried, conveyed, or trans-{x>rted, from any of the said English Plantations, to any Land, Island, Territory, Dominion, Port, or Place, whatsoever, other than to such other English Plantations as do belong to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or to the Kingdom of Englan, or or Principality of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, there

to be laid on Shore, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture Of the said Goods, or the full Value thereof; as also of the Ship, with all her Guns} Tackle, Apparel, Ammunition, and Furniture; the one Moiety to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors j and the other Moiety to him or them, that shall seize, inform, or sue for the lame, in any Court of Record, by Bill, Plaint, or Information; wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed. And be it further Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That, for every Ship or Vessel, which, from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of December in the Year of our Lord 1660, shall set Sail out of, or from, England, Ireland, or Town of Ber-

wick upon Tweed, for any English Plantation in America, Asia, or Africa, sufficient Bond shall be given, with one Surety, to the chief Officers of the Custom-House of such Port or Place, from whence the said Ship shall set Sail, to the Value of One thousand Pounds, if the Ship be Of leis Burden than One hundred Tons; and of die Sum of Two thousand Pounds, if the Ship shall be of greater Burden; that in case the said Ship, or Vessel, shall load any of the said Commodity, at any of the ' laid English Plantations, that the same Commodities shall be, by the said Ship, thought to some Port of England, Iceland, Wales, or to the Port or Town Of upon Tweed., and shall there unload, and put on Shore,

the same , the Danger of the Seas only excepted: And, for all Ships coming from any other Port or Place to any of the aforesaid Plantations, who, by this Act, are permitted to trade there, that the Governor of such English Plantation shall, before the said Ship, or Vessel, be permitted to load on Board any of the said Commodities, take Bond, in Manner, and to the Value aforesaid, for each respective Ship, or Vessel, that such Ship, or Vessel, shall carry all the aforesaid Goods, that shall be laden on Board in the said Ship, to some other of his Majesty's English Plantations *, or to England, Ireland, Wales, o Town of Berwick upon Tweed: And that every Ship, or Vessel, which shall load, or take on Board, any the afore* laid Goods, until such Bond given to the said Governor, or Certificate produced from the Officers of any Custom-House of England, Ireland, Wales, or of the Town of Berwick, that such Bond have been there duly given, shall be forfeit, with all her Guns, Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture , to be employed and recovered in manner as aforesaid: And the said Governors, and every of them, shall, twice in every Year, after the First Day of January 1660, return true Copies of all such Bonds, by him so taken, to the chief Officers of the Custom6 in London:'* Which was read the First and Second time; and, on the Question, agreed; and ordered to be Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That, in the 6th Skin, Line 17, betwixt the Word " Commodities," and before the Word " shall," theft Words be added, " or take in, or set on Shore, any Passengers," be inserted.

Ordered, That, in Skin ill, Line 33, after the Word " Plantations," and before the Word " Territories,'* the Word wdr" be inserted, instead of the Word " and."

' Ordered, That, in Skin 2, Lihe 33, after the Word Customs," these Words " for the lame" be omitted.

House of Commons. j "

Ordered, That, in Skin 4, Line 48, after th^ V

" English," and before the Word " the," th ~.V :.. " from" be inserted, instead of the W.,rc at."

Resolved, That this Bill, with the said Clause and sho-viso, do pals.

Resolved, That the Title of this Bill be, An Act for Encouraging and Increasing of Shipping and Navigation:

That Sir George Downing do carry this Bill to die Lords, Tomorrow Morning.

Sir George Downing reports, that he had attended the Lords, this Day, with a Message from this House, td desire their Lordships to fit this Afternoon; and that their Lordships gave Answer, they would fend Answef by Messengers of their own.

The House resumed the Debate of the Provisoes ten* dered to the Bill for confirming of Leases from Colleges, Hospitals &c. concerning Mr. Thomas 's Interesti as ancient Tenant, in the Rectory of Kirkham, in the County of Lane aft er: Which was read the First time $ and laid aside.

Another Proviso was tendered; " That whereas Dr. Owen, late reputed Dean, and the Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Chrifi in Oxon, of the Foundation of King Henry the Eighth, by their Indenture, dated the Seventh Day of August in the Year of our Lord 1657, did lease and demise, unto John Arthur Clerk, and others, certain Tithes and Lands, Parcel of the Manor and Parsonage of Kirkham, in the County of Lancaster , and, by several other Indentures, did lease and demile, unto several other Persons, many other Parts and Portions of the said Parsonage of Kirkham, which had long been in the Tenure or Occupation of Thomas Qifton Esquire, and his Ancestors, by several successive Leases, under the Abbot and Covent of Vale Royall, and the College of Chrifi Church aforesaid, respectively, for several Terms of Years yet unexpired: Be it Enacted and Ordained, That Thomas Clifton, now of Lytham in the County of Lancaster Esquire, his Executors and Administrators; paying the several and respective Rents referred unto the said College , and securing unto the said John Arthur, and others, out of the Premises, the yearly Sum of Four hundred Pounds, to be plaid half* yearly, by equal Portions, for the Term of Eleven Years' next enliringy and re-imbursing, unto the said feverif cither Lessees respectively, or their respective AssignS, so much Money as was by them respectively and truly paid for their respective Fines; shall have and enjoy the1 raid several demised Premises, for the Kefidue of the said several Terms of Years yet to come, as if the said feveraf Leases, made unto them the said Joint Arthur, and others, and unto the fad several other Persons, as aforesaid, had been legally made unto the said Thomas Clifton, by a lawful Dean and Chapter; this Act, or any other thing, to the contrary notwithstanding Which was read the First time.

Resolved, That this Proviso be read the Second time:

And it Was read the Second time accordingly:

And the said Proviso was, upon the Question, agreed unto , and ordered to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Proviso was tendered to this Fill *, viz. " Provided always, that this Act, or any thing therein contained, shall not extend to confirm the Election of any Head, Fellow, Scholar, or Chaplain, of any College, or Hall, in either of the Universities, that is Of was not capable of being elected unto such Place or Places, by the Statutes of the said College or Hall, into which? he or they were chosen:" Which was read the First and Second time.

Resolved, That before the Word " is," being the first Word of the 4th Line, theft Words be inserted j viz. " upon any other Ground, besidea the Want of Episco-pal Ordination."

Resolved, That this Proviso, lb amended, be Part of the Bill.

Another Proviso was tendered to this Bill; viz. " Provided always, and it is hereby Enacted, That nothing

herein

l$l Journals of the House of Commons. A. 1660.

herein contained shall in any wise extend to prejudice or invalidate any Grant, Prefemation, Confirmation, or Investiture, granted or made by his Royal Majesty that now is, or by any other Person or Persons by lawful Authority derived from the King's Majesty that now is, of, in, or to, any Deanery, Mastership, Provostship, Presidentship, Wardenship, Prebendary, Canonship, or other Headship , or of, in, or to, any Readers or Lecturers Place, Fellowship, Scholarship, Studentship, or other Place of Trust or Profit, in either of the Universities aforesaid; or, of, in, or to, the Colleges of Eaton or Winchester any thing in this Act

to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding:" Which was read the First time; and laid aside.

Another Proviso was tendered to this Bill; " Provided also, that this Act, or any thing therein contained, shall not extend to prejudice the Tide of any Person or Persons, who, by Letters Patents under the Great Sea], since the First Day of May, and before the Twenty-sixth of August, 1660, have obtained from his Majesty any Grant of any Deanery, Headship, of any House, Reftorship of any College, Canon's Place, Prebendary, Fellowship, or Scholarship, within either of the Universities, or the Colleges of Westminster, or

Winchester; but that all and every the said Grants, and Letters Patents, shall be of such, and no other, Force and Effect, as the same should have been if this Act had not been made , any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstandingWhich was read the First and Second time.

Ordered, That, after die Words. " the Great Seal," in the 4th Line, these Words, viz. " since the First Day of May, and before the Twenty-sixth of 1660," be inserted.

And the said Proviso, so amended, was, upon the Question, agreed to be Part of the Bill.

A Proviso was tendered concerning Mr. John Tombs: Resolved, That the said Proviso be read.

The said Proviso was read the First and Second time; being as followeth; viz.

" Provided also, that this Act, or any thing therein contained, shall not extend to confirm any Lease, or £state, made by John Tombs Clerk, of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, belonging to the Hospital of St. Katharine's in Ledbury, in the County of Hereford, to any of the Children of him the said John , or to any other Person or Persons in Trust for him or them, or any of them

Which was read the First and Second time; and agreed, upon the Question, to be Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That no more Provisoes to this Bill be received.

Resolved, That this Bill, with the Provisoes, do pals. Resolved, That the Title of the said Bill be, An Act for Confirmation of Leases and Grants of Colleges and Hospitals.

Ordered, That Mr. Proby be added to the Committee for the Fens.

Wednesday, 5 Sep1660.

Prayers.

MR. Serjeant Littleton reports, from the Grand Committee upon the Bill of Sales, the same of Thomas Gewen Esquire, as to his Interest in the Manor of Boyton, and Barton of Bradridge, in the County of Corne-w all', the Resolves of the said Grand Committee , viz. x. That the Petition of Mr. Gewen is true:

2. That the same thereunto annexed is truly stated:

. . That it appears, by the said Cafe, and the Conveyance made unto the Petitioner by the Trustees of the late King's, Queen's, and Prince's Lands, that he and his.

Ancestors have bought these Lands three or four several limes:

4» That the Petitioners Cafe, upon these Considerations, may be recommended to the King, as a fit Object of his Majesty's Grace and Favour.

Ordered, That the same of Thomas Gewen Esquire be presented to the King's Majesty: And that the said Thomas Gewen be, and is, by this House, recommended to the King's Majesty, as a fit Object of his Majesty's Grace and Favour:

That Mr. Secretary do represent the same of" Mr. Gewen to the King's Majesty, as recommended, by this House, to his Majesty's Grace and Favour*

A Bill, ingrossed, for repealing of a Clause in a private Act, made in the Fifth Year of King Edward the Sixth, intituled, An Act touching the Limitation of the Duke of Somerset's Lands, was this Day read the Third time; arid, upon the Question, passed.

Resolved, That the Title of the said Bill be, viz. An Act for repealing of a Clause in a private Act made in the Fifth Year of King Edward the Sixth, intituled, An Act touching the Limitation of the Duke Lands.

A Message from the Lords, by Dr. Bsr.net and , Two Masters of the Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords, in Answer to the Message sent by this House Yesterday, have commanded us to acquaint this House, that, upon any prefting emergent Occasion, intimated by this House, they will be ready to comply with the Desire of this House, for their fitting in the Afternoons , but to fit constantly, they conceive, it will retard the Business that lieth before them.

The House resumed the Debate upon a Draught of a Petition from the Lords and Commons to the King's Majesty, on the Behalf of Sir Henry Vane and Colonel Lambert, for sparing of their Lives: Which was read 5 and, with the Amendments, after the Words " are humble Suitors to your Majesty," these Words added, " that if they shall be attainted, yet Execution, as to their Lives, may be remitted," upon the Question, agreed unto.

The Tenor of the said Petition, so amended, is as followeth:

To the King's most Excellent Majesty:

The humble Petition of the Lords and Commons, in' Parliament assembled:

Sheweth,

'J'H AT Your Majesty having declared Your gracious

Pleasure to proceed only against the immediate Murderers of your Royal Father; We, Your Majesty's most humble Subjects, the Lords and Commons, assembled in Parliament, not finding Sir Henry or Colonel Lambert, to be of that Number, are humble Suitors to Your Majesty, if they shall be attainted, yet Execution, as to their Lives, may be remitted:

And, as in Duty bound, we shall ever pray for Your Majesty's long and happy Reign over us.

Ordered, That Mr. Pryn do present this Petition to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence: And that the Lords will be pleased to take Order, that it be presented to the King's Majesty.

Mr. Charlton reports Amendments to the Bill for Charles Lord Gerrard: Which were twice read; and, with some other Amendments, added by the House, were, upon the Question, agreed unto; being as followeth:

Line 43, after the Word " mentioned," and before the Word due," the Word " received" inserted.

Line 4, after the Word " been," and before the Word " dispofiTelTed," omit the Word " unjustly."

The Bill, ingrossed, sent down from the Lords, for restoring to Charles Lord Gerrard, Baron of Brandon, all his Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments*'

ditaments, whereof he was in Possession on the Twentieth Day of May 1642, or at any time since, was this Day read the Third time.

And the said Bill, so amended, being put to the Question, passed.

That Sir Francis Gerrard carry this Bill to the Lords.

Ordered, That Sir George Downing do carry to the Lords the Bill for Increase and Encouragement of Navigation: And that he put the Lords in mind of the Bills for indemnifying Officers; and confirming;

and for settling Ministers.

Resolved, That Mr. Wm. heretofore committed to the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, paying his Fees, be forthwith discharged, and set at Liberty.

Ordered, That Serjeant Hales, Mr. Pryn, and Sir Henage Finch, do withdraw, and peruse the Bill for confirming of Leases, made by Mailers and Heads of Colleges, and Hospitals; and offer what they shall find meet, on the present Debate.

Colonel Birch reports Amendments to the Bill for disbanding the Army: Which were twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto; and the said Bill, upon the Question, ordered to be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Sum of One hundred Pounds, which Major 'Jeremiah Folhurst, Governor of is out of Purse, in keeping that Garrison, shall be paid unto the said Jeremiah Folhurst, or his Assigns, out of the Excise, in Course, next after those Monies satisfied, which have been charged on the Excise since the Restitution of the late feduded Members: And the Commissioners of Excise are hereby impowered and required to pay the same accordingly; together with Interest, after Six Pounds perCent\till the Principal shall be paid: And the Acquittance of the said Major Folhurst, or his Assigns, testifying the Receipt thereof, shall be, to the said Commissioners, a sufficient Warrant and Discharge.

Serjeant Hales reports Amendments to the Bill for confirming Leases of Colleges;

2d Skin, 5 Line, after the Words " the Master and Brethren," and before the Words " of the Patronage of any Bishop, Dean, or Chapter," these Words " of any Ho-spital" be inserted: Which was read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

And the several Provisoes, ingrossed in the said Bill, were read the Third time; and, upon the Question, agreed unto: And the Bill, so amended, being put to the Question, passed.

That Sir Francis Gerrard do carry this Bill to the Lords: And that he carry with him the Petition on the Behalf of Sir Henry Vane, and Colonel Lambert; and desire them to put it into a Way, how it may be presented to his Majesty.

Colonel Birch reports, from the Committee to whom

the Bill for disbanding the Army is referred, Amendments to the Rules, Orders, and Instructions, for disbanding the Army.

Resolved, That Richard Kingdon and Bartholomew lingham be the Persons appointed to audite and call up the Accompts of the Armies and Garrisons: And that their Names be inserted into the lr.structions accordingly.

Sir Francis Gerrard reports, that he had delivered to the Lords the Bill concerning the Lord; and the

Petition concerning Sir Henry Vane, and Colonel Lambert; And that the Lords gave Answer, That they concur with this House in the said Petition *, and will put it into a Way to present it to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Hollis do carry to the Lords the

Bill for confirming Leases from Colleges; and the Petition, passed Yesterday, concerning Impolicions laid by the Dutch on Cloth, and other woollen Manufactures.

Resolved, That in the Prayer of the said Petition, passed Yesterday, to be presented, in the Name of both Houses, to his Majesty, concerning the Impositions laid by the Dutch on Cloth, and other woollen Manufactures, these Words " or otherwise" be omitted.

Mr. Hollis carried to the Lords the Bill for confirming Leases from Colleges &c. and the Petition amended as in the last Vote.

The Rules, Orders, and Instructions, for disbanding the Army, were read; and, after, read in Parts.

The first Paragraph being read;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the Army be disbanded by Lot, according to the first Paragraph.

This House adjourns till Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Wednesday, 5 Septembe, 1660. ftojl

Meridiem.

THE humble Petition of the Officers under the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, was this Day read.

Ordered, That this Petition be referred to the Committee of the Army; to take the same into Consideration: And they are also to take into Consideration the Clerk of this House, and Clerk Assistant, and other Officers of this House, who have attended the Service of this House j and what Allowances are fit to be made unto them respectively , and how Payment thereof may be made unto them; and also, to consider what is necessary to be done for Provision of Fire and Candle, for the Service of this House, against their Meeting; and also, to consider of the Pains taken by the Chaplain, who hath constantly prayed with this House; and what Compensation is fit to be made him; and report their Opinion therein to this House.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill touching the Marquis of Newcastle is referred, be revived; and do fit Tomorrow, in the Morning: And that Mr. Shapcot, Mr. Hobby, Mr. Serjeant Glyn, Colonel Willoughby, Mr. Rufhworth, be added to that Committee.

The House resumed the Debate upon the Rules, Orders, and Instructions, for disbanding of the Army.

And the First Paragraph, being put to the Question, was agreed unto.

The Second Paragraph, being read, was, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The Third Paragraph, being read, was, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The Fourth Paragraph, touching disbanding the Garrisons, was read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

Resolved, That these Words, viz. " the Hands of Guernsey and Jersey," be added to that Paragraph.

The Fifth Paragraph was read; and, after feme Amendments at the Table, was agreed upon.

The Sixth Paragraph was read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The Seventh Paragraph was read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The Eighth Paragraph, appointing Auditors to state the Accounts of the Army, was read.

The Ninth Paragraph was read.

Resolved, That Mr. Spry, Mr. Jessop, Colonel Atkins, and Mr. Darnell, be added Auditors in this Paragraph: And that the Quorum of the Auditors be any Three of them.

! Q.q M

And the said Paragraph, so amended, being put to the Question, Was agreed unto.

The Tenth Paragraph was read; and these Words " any Three of them," and the Word " required," being inserted, was agreed unto.

The Eleventh Paragraph, touching taking Bonds for Payment of their Quarters, was agreed unto.

The Twelfth Paragraph, touching the Delivery up of their Arms, by such Soldiers, as shall be disbanded, was read; and agreed unto.

The Thirteenth Paragraph, touching making false Musters, was read *, and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The Fourteenth Paragraph was read j and, the Word "only" being inserted, was agreed unto.

The Fifteenth Paragraph, touching dating the Arrears of Soldiers, who were dii banded in 1646 and 1647, was read , and laid aside.

The Sixteenth Paragraph, touching bringing in the Muster-Rolls, was read -, and agreed unto.

The Seventeenth Paragraph, touching making Allowances to Auditors, and other contingent Charges, was read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The Eighteenth Paragraph was read j and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

Ordered, That it be referred back to the Committee of the Army, to draw up a Rule upon the Debate now had in the House, that feme Members of this House, and other Persons of Quality in the respective Counties, do assist at the taking of the Musters, and touching confining the Time, and limiting the Sums of Money to be paid.

Thursday, 6,h September, 1660.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, that great Quantities of Spanish Tobacco, lately imported, have been landed, and fecredy conveyed away by several Persons, without due Entry, or paying of Custom or Excise; to the Defrauding of his Majesty, and Prejudice of the Law;

And the Question being put, that the Serjeant at Arms attending the House of Commons, by himself, or his Deputies, do forthwith search for, seize, inventory, and secure, the said Tobaccoes, where-ever they shall be found, to the Intent the same may be disposed according to Law; and to call Thomas to his Af-

fiftance, for the more effectual putting of this Service in Execution;

The House was divided: And The Yeas went forth.

Lord Herbert, ( Tellers for the Noes:

Mr. Hollis, t With the Noes,

Lord Angler, C Tellers for the Yeas:

Dr. Clayton, t With the Yeas,

And fb it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Commissioners for the Excise do forthwith take notice of this Information; and, according to their Duty, and the Powers they are intrusted with, to make a Seizure of the said Tobacco; to the Intent it may be disposed according to Law.

Resolved, That this House doth declare their Judgment, that the Act for Continuance of the Excise, till the Twenty-fifth of December next; whereby the Col-lefting, Levying, hnd Paying thereof, is directed to be after the Rates, Rules, and Proportions, as the same was formerly collected and payable; doth enable the Commissioners therein named to act and proceed according to the Rates and Rules passed by the late pretended Powers.

99

61

Colonel King reports an additional Rule, touching dif-banding of the Army: Which was as followeth; viz.

That the Commissioners for disbanding of the Army, or any Three of them, shall, and may give Directions, from time to time, that all Siheriffs, Members of the House of Commons, and Justices of the Peace, in every

County, be aiding and assisting, to such Person or Persons, as they shall employ, for disbanding of the Army and Forces *, and shall take care to fee them truly mustered; and paid off, on the Place; and their Quarters satisfied: Which, on the Question, was agreed unto.

Resolved, That the Number of the Commissioners to be named by this House, for disbanding of the Army, be Six.

Resolved, That Sir Richard , Sir Wm.

Mr. Pryn, Colonel King, Colonel Birch, Mr. be

the Commissioners for disbanding of the Army.

A Message from the Lords, by Dr. Bemet and Mr. Glasscock, Two Matters of the j

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have returned you a Bill, for restoring of the Marquis of Hertford to the Dukedom of Sommerfetwith some Amendments: Wherein they desire your Concurrence.

They have also sent you another Act, intituled, An Act for preventing Inconveniencies, which may arise by reason of Patents or Grants made, or pretended to be made, during the late Troubles: To which they desire your Concurrence j and a speedyDifpatch of them both.

The Amendments and Proviso, to be added to the Bill for restoring of the Marquis of Hertford to the Dukedom of Sommer set, were twice read; and are as followeth;

Instead of the Title upon the Bill, put on these Words, " An Act for restoring of the Marquis of Hertford to the Dukedom of Sommer set."

ift Line, After the Word " the," in the ill Line, and before the Word " Commons," in the 2d Line, add these Words " Lords and."

9th Line, After, the Word "afterwards," in the 9th Line, leave out all that follows, unto the Words " a special," in the Four-and-twentieth Line.

Before the Words " a special," in the 24th Line, put in the Word " by."

After the Word "Parliament," in the 25th Line, leave out the Words " was procured in the same Year and put in these Words, " made in the time of the Reign of the said King Edward the Vlth."

After the Word " Lands," in the 26th Line, leave out the Word " wherein."

Before the Word " inserted," in the 27th Line, leave out the Word " obliquely."

In the 33th Line, after the Word " other" leave out the Word " of."

After the Word " otherwise," in the 36th Line, leave out all to the Word " the," in the 38th Line.

Before the Word " the," in the 38th Line, put in these Words " now forasmuch as."

After the Word " said," and before the Word " Commons," put in these Words " Lords and."

After the Word " fame," in the 47th Line, leave out all to the Word " that," in the 49 th Line.

After the Word " Authority," in the 53d Line, leave out the Word " State."

In the last Line, after the Word " Patents" add these Words, " and as fully and amply, as if the said Act had never been had or made; any thing in the said Clause, or before-mentioned Act, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding."

" Provided always, and be it Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, that nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to restore, or entitle, the said Marquis of Hertford, or his Heirs, to any Manors, Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments whatsoever (the said Honour, Dignity, Authority, and Title of Duke of Sommerfett, with all Privileges, Pre-eminencies, and Precedencies, thereunto belonging, only excepted); or to invalidate, or make void, any Grant or Grants of any Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or of any Part thereof (except before excepted); any thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding."

And

And the said Amendments and Provilb, being put to the Question, were agreed unto.

A Proviso was tendered to the Instructions, for dif-banding of the Army, in thel'e Words;

Resolved, That these Words, viz. " Which the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, are hereby impowered to administer," be added in the 6th Line of the said Instructions, next after the Word " Oath."

And the fame, so amended, was, on the Question, agreed.

Ordered, That the Bill for disbanding of the Army; and the Rules, Orders, and Instructions, for disbanding of the Army , be ingrossed.

So it paTed with the Negative.

And the said Bill, so amended, being put to the Question, passed.

Resolved, That this be the Title of this Act; viz. An Act for Confirmation of Marriages.

Ordered, That Mr. Pryn do carry it to the Lords.

Ordered, That Sir John Holland have Leave to go into the Low Countries, to fetch home his Lady.

The House adjourns till Two of Clock in the Afternoon.

'Thursday, 6rh September^ 1660,

Ordered, That Colonel Birch do make his Report, concerning the State of the Debts of the Navy, in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Colonel Jones do desire the Lords to fit this Afternoon, there being some Bills near ready, which will be sent from this House.

Ordered, That Colonel Jones do put the Lords in mind of the Bills, for confirming of Ministers; and Magna Charta; the Bill for indemnifying Officers *, for regulating of Bays-making; and, the Bill for Encouragement of ^Navigation.

A Bill for enabling Soldiers to exercise any Trades, in any Cities or Corporations, although they have not served Seven Years as Apprentices, was tins Day read the First and Second time; and, upon the Question, committed unto Mr. Knight, Serjeant Glyn, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Trelawney, Sir Tho. Clerges, Sir Ralph Knight, Mr.

West, Sir Tho. Wroth, Lord Sir John Marsham,

Mr. Boynton, Sir John Clobery, Sir Anthony Irby, Mr. Minors, Mr. Parrot, Lord Howard, Mr. Tomkins, Mr. Swinfyn, Mr. Jolliffe, Mr. Titus, Mr. Henby, Mr. Dalton, Mr. Thirbane, Mr. Bampfeild, Sir John Frederick, Lord Farfax, Lord Bruce, Mr. Ellison, Mr. Babington,

Sir Henage Finch, Mr. Ferrers, Mr. Walpoole, Mr. Foly, Mr. Culliford, Mr. Middleton, Dr. , Serjeant Hales, Sir Gilb. Gerrard, Sir Geo. Downing, Colonel Willoughby, Mr. Hobby, Mr. Bofcawen, Lord Herbert, Mr. Radcliffe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock.

Colonel Jones brings Answer from the Lords, that the Lords will fit in the Afternoon: And as for all the other Bills, they will give them all the convenient Dispatch that may be.

A Bill for Confirmation of Marriages, solemnized by Justices of Peace (Ac. was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, That in Line 8th, after the Word " solemnized," and before the Word " since," these Words, " in any of his Majesty's Dominions," be inserted.

Resolved, That in Line 1 ith, after the Word " Wales,* theft Words, " or other his Majesty's Dominions," be inserted.

Resolved, That in Line 12, after the Word "Marriages," theft Words, " within any of his Majesty's Dominions" be inserted.

An Amendment was tendered to the Bill in these Words; viz. " for, or concerning the Marriages had and solemnized, as aforesaid."

The Question being put, to agree to this Amendment v

The House was divided: The Yeas went forth.

Lord Angier

Sir-Geo. Downing, Sir Wm. Wheeler, Mr. Bofcawen,

Tellers for the Yeas: W ith the Yeas. Tellers for the Noes: With the Noes,

1

43

67

f\Rdcred, That the Members of this House, who are of his Majesty's Privy Council, are hereby desired to attend the King, and humbly to recommend to his Majesty, from this House, Mr. Edward Voice, Master of Arts, for some Mark of his Majesty's Favour; in regard of his constant and diligent Attendance upon this House, ever since the Beginning of this Parliament, as Chaplain.

Ordered, That Sir Gilb. Gerrard, Sir Anthony Irby, Sir Geo. Reroes, Sir Francis Gerrard, Sir Wm. Waller, Mr. Trevor, Mr. Knightley, Sir John Potts, Mr. Lucy, Sir John Holland, Mr. Swinfen, Sir Geo. Booth, Sir John Northcot, Sir John Temple, Mr. Hungerford, Sir John Rozvfe, Colonel Reames, Mr. Eyre, Sir Geo. Downing, Sir John Bowyer, be added to the Committee, as to the Business concerning the Officers attending this House: And that they, or any Three of them, be a Committee as to that Business; and do fit Tomorrow Morning at Eight of Clock: And the said Committee are to take into Consideration the Account of the Printers, and of John Owen Stationer; and'how they may be satisfied; and report it to this House.

Colonel Willoughby reports Amendments to the Bill, lent from the Lords, for restoring unto Wm. Marquis of Newcastle, all his Honours, Manors, Lands, and Tenements, in England, whereof he was in Possession on the Twentieth Day of May 1642, or at any time since: Which were read the First and Second time, and agreed; viz.

Line 34, betwixt the Word " derived," and the Word " before," add the Words " on or."

That in the 4th Line, after the Word " been," and before the Word " disposfefled," the Word " unjustly* be omitted.

That in Line 22th, the Word " Judgment" be made " Judgment."

That the last Proviso, beginning 56 Line, be omitted.

A Provilb was tendered to this Bill;

" Provided always, that this Act, or any thing therein contained, shall not extend, or be taken to make void, or any way prejudice, the Jointure or Estate of Elizabeth now Duchels of Richmond and Lenox, late Wife of Charles Viscount Mansfeild, eldest Son of the said Marquis of Newcastle; nor any Articles, Covenants, or Agreements, made in Relation thereunto; but that such Jointure, and Estate, Articles, Covenants, and Agreements, shall be as good and effectual, and in and of as full Force and Virtue, as if this Act had never been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding:"

And, on the Question, was agreed unto; and ordered to be Part of the Bill.

And the said Bill, so amended, being put to the Question. passed.

That the Lord Aungier do carry it to the Lords.

A Bill, impowering the King's Majesty to constitute and appoint a Post-Master General for Life, or Years, not exceeding Twenty-one Years, was this Day read the Second time; and, upon the Question, committed unto

Sir

Sir Tho. Clergis, Sir Geo. DowSir John

SirTbo. Bludworth, Sir Wm. Vincent, Mr. Serjeant Hales, Mr. Trelawney, Sir /mtheny I, Colonel Mr.

feild, Mr. Secretary Morris, Sir Mr.

Sir Joiw Frederick, Mr. LowtherMr. Sir Jo/w

Sir /f'w. Wheeler, Colonel Jones, Sir ther, Mr. Rolls, Colonel Harley, Mr. Hilton, Sir Ralph Knight, Lord Hunger, Colonel Gerrard, Mr.

Mr. Bryn, Sir Henry North, Mr. Ge-wen, Mr.

Mr. Walpoole, Mr. Knightley, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Jol-

lisse, Mr. Gurdon, Mr. Herle, Colonel Fuller, Sir Ralph HJhton, Mr. Henley, Sir John Mr.

Sir John Bower, Mr. Swinjin, Mr. Balington, Mr. Elli-, Jon, Captain Titus: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Six of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Witness , and to receive and consider of all Petitions concerning this Business.

A Bill, ingrossed, for disbanding the Armies, was this Day read the Third time.

Rules, Orders, and Inflructions, for disbanding of the Army, were this Day read the Third time.

Mr. Secretary Morris brings a Message from the King's Majesty to this House , that it is his Majesty's Delire, that the Regiments of the Dukes of Torke and be not disbanded by Lot, but left to be the last to be disbanded.

Resolved, That the Regiments of their Highnesses the Dukes of Torke and Gloucester, and the Lord General's Regiments of Horse and Foot, shall be last disbanded; and that the Third Instruction be amended accordingly.

Resolved, That the Title of the Bill be. An Act for the speedy Disbanding of the Army and Garrisons of this Kingdom.

And the said Bill and Instructions, being put to the Question, passed.

That Mr. Hollis carry up this Bill to the Lords.

A Bill, ingrossed, making the Lands and Goods of Martin Noell, and Nathaniel Terns, liable to pay Five thousand Pounds, due to the poor Protestants of Piedmont, was this Day read the Third time.

A Provilb was tendered to this Bill, to discharge Martin Noell from the Debt of Five thousand Pounds, in the Bill mentioned, he paying One thousand Pounds with Interest , he having paid Three thousand Pounds already, and having only had Four thousand Pounds of the said Money: Which was read the First and Second time; and, upon the Question, committed unto Mr. Serjeant Hales, Mr. Bamfeild, Sir Geo. Downing, Mr. An-fiejley, Mr. Shapcot, Mr. Charlton, Colonel West, Sir Wm. Vincent, Dr. Cleyton, Mr. Toung, Mr. Hollis, Mr. Jolliffe, Mr. Ellison, Sir Thomas Viner,

Dr. Mills, Sir Thomas Clergis, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Mynors, Sir Wm. Wheeler, or any Three of them; to amend the Proviso upon the Debate , and call the Parties, and examine and state the Matter of Fa6l *, and report it to this House: And are to meet Tomorrow Morning, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Holies carried to the Lords, a Bill for the speedy Disbanding of the Army:

A Bill for Confirmation of Marriages:

A Bill for restoring the Marquis of Hertford to the Dukedom of Sommerfet.

Ordered, That Colonel Birch do make his Report of the State of the Navy Tomorrow Morning at Ten of Clock.

Mr. Hinton Powell reports Amendments to the Bill for settling of an Establishment for the Forces in Dunkirke: Which were twice read.

Resolved, That the Pay of the common Soldiers, for the Garrison of Dunkirke, be Eight Stivers per Diem.

Resolved, That all other Payments, to the said Garri-

5

son, be af er the Rate of Seven Stivers and a half for every Eight-pence Sterling.

Ordered, That this Debate be adjourned until Tomorrow Morning, Fight of Clock.

Friday, September 7th, 1660.

Prayers.

A Bill, ingrossed, lent down from the Lords, for the

Naturalizing of Dorothea Helena Countess of Derby, Emilia Countess of Offery, Margaret Lady Culpepper, and the Right Honourable Charles Kirkhoven Lord Wot-tc-n, and Dame Emilia his Sifter; was this Day read the First time; and, upon the Question, ordered to be read the Second time, the first Business, in the Afternoon.

Mr. Speaker communicates to the House a Letter of Thanks from his Highness the Duke of Which

Letter was read; and was dated at Whitehall, September 6ch, 1660.

Ordered, That the Clerk of this House do, from time to time, attend Mr. Attorney General, and other his Majesty's Counsel learned, with such Journals, and other Records remaining in his Hands, as they shall call for; to be made use of by them, as they shall see Cause.

Ordered, That the Surveyor General, Register, and other Officers for Sale of the Lands of the late King, Queen, and Prince, and all other Persons whom it doth concern, do forthwith deliver the Surveys, and all the Deeds, Writings, Rolls, and Evidences, belonging to, or concerning, the King's, Queen's, and Prince's Lands, the Duchy-Lands, and Fee-farm Rents, to the Remembrancer of the Exchequer, and to the Clerk of the Duchy of Lancaster, to whom they respectively belong.

The Lord Aungier carried up the Bill for restoring to the Marquis of Newcastle his Honours, Manors, and Lands, whereof he hath been dispoflfefled.

That his Majesty be desired to give Order, that the Timber, upon the Forest of Deane and Forest, belonging to the King's Majesty, and Sherwood Forest, and all other his Demesnes, be preserved, with the uttermost Care, for the Service of the Navy.

Resolved, That his Majesty be humbly moved, not to exercise his Prerogative in making use of his Tenures; or to settle any Offices or Officers relating the reunto, till other Order taken.

Ordered, That it be referred to Serjeant Glyn, Serjeant Hales, Lord Herbert, Sir Henage Finch, to pen Orders for preserving of Timber, and concerning Tenures, to the Purport of the Debate now had in the House.

Resolved, That his Majesty be humbly moved, from this House, that he will please not to make any Lease, or other Disposal, of any the Lands, or other Revenue of the Crown, for a longer Term than Three Lives, or Thirty-one Years; nor under a lower Rent, than the full Moiety of the now improved yearly Value.

Resolved, That One Month's Assessment, at Seventy thousand Pounds, be laid, for his Majesty's present Supply, to begin at Michaelmas next , and to be levied in the Way the last Three Months Assessments, beginning the Twenty-fourth of June 1660, were appointed to be levied.

Ordered, That Mr. Sollicitor General do bring in a Bill to that Purpose, in the Afternoon.

Resolved, That no Monies, due to any Persons excepted from Pardon in the Act of General Pardon, Indemnity, and Oblivion, nor any Interest for the fame, which have grown due by Rents, or at the Excise, or

upon

upon Weaver's-Hall Bills, or otherwise, be paid to any of the said Persons; but that a Stay be made thereof in the Hands of the respective Persons, who ought t pay the same, till further Order.

Ordered, That this Resolve be forthwith printed and published.

A Message from the Lords, by Dr. ;and Mr.

Glasscock;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to bring you a Bill for Restoring, unto Morough, alias Earl of Infeqiiin, all his Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Ireland *, to which they desire your Concurrence: And, to let you know, that they have agreed to the Amendments sent up to the Bill concerning the Marquis of Newcastle

A Bill, sent from the Lords, for restoring unto rough, alias Morgan, Earl of all his Honours,

Manors, Lands &c. in Ireland, whereof he was possessed 23d October 1641, or any time since, was this Day read

the First and Second time; and committed unto Lord Aungier, Mr. Bamfeildy Mr. Pryn, Mr. Annesley, Lord Bulkley, Sir IVm. Waller, Colonel JVefiy Lord Mr. Hollisy Lord Broghill, Sir Anthony Sir Rob.

Brookes, Mr. Jolliffc, Sir Anthony Ashley Mr.

Powell, Mr. Harris, Sir John Temple, Sir Tho.

Sir Tho. Meeres, Sir Francis Colonel. King, or

any Three of them: And they are to meet in the Court of Wards, at One of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Mr. Trevor reports from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Maintenance and Preservation of die great Level in the Fens, extending itself into the Counties of Northampton &c. was referred, a new Bill, for Maintenance and Preservation of the said great Level of the Fens: Which was this Day read the First and Second time.

A Proviso was tendered to this Bill , giving Powers to Commissioners of the Sewers, to proportion the Charge between the Adventurers, and those that were anciendy to maintain the Banks, if the Banks were raised higher than formerly: Which was read.

And the Question being put, that this Bill be committed;

It pahed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this Bill be ingrafted.

_ A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Glasscock and *, Two Matters of the Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a Conference with this House presently, in the Painted Chamber, concerning the Bill for disbanding the Army.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to a present Conference, as is desired.

Ordered, That Mr. Holies, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Secretary Morris, Lord Broghill, Sir John Northcot, Sir Onslow, Sir Anthony Ashley Cooper, Lord Howard, Serjeant Clyn, Mr. Swinfin, Colonel Birch, be the Committee to manage this Conference.

The Messengers being called in again, Mr. Speaker gave them this Answer;

The House hath considered of your Message , and do agree to a present Conference.

Ordered, That the Committee for Privileges and Elections have the Leave of this House to fit this Afternoon, between the Rising and Sitting of this House.

The House adjourns itself till Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Friday, September 7th, 1660,

A Bill, ingrafted, sent down from the Lords, for the Naturalizing of Dorothea Helena Countess of Emilia Countess of Offery, and the Right Honourable

Charles Kirkboven Lord Wotton, and Dame Emilia his Sifter, was this Day read the Second time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill, ingrafted, sent down from the Lords, for the Restoring, unto John Lord Culpepper, all his Honours, Manors, and Lands, whereof he was in Possession on the Twentieth Day of May 1642, was this Day read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning, next after the Bill for Naturalization.

Mr. Serjeant Glyn reports Addresses to be made to the King's Majesty, upon the Debate this Day: Which were ' twice read *, and, being Severally put to the Question, were agreed unto; and are as followeth:

Resolved, That, in respect of the great Decay of Timber, his Majesty be humbly moved, that, for the Building and Repairing of Shipping, and Advancement of Navigation, and other publick Occasions of this Kingdom, his Majesty would be pleased to give Order, that all Timber, and Trees, growing or being upon any his Majesty's Wastes, or Demesne-Lands, lying within the Precincts of the Forest of Deane, as well the Eighteen thousand Acres, granted, or pretended to be granted, to Sir John Wintour, or any other his Demesne-Lands there, or in or upon any other of his Majesty's Wastes, or Demesne-Lands, in any other Forest, be carefully preferred for the Ends aforesaid: And that, in order thereunto, his Majesty would be pleased not to grant the said Wastes, and Demesne-Lands, nor the Timber growing thereupon, or upon any other his Majesty's Lands or Demelhes, to any Person.

Resolved, That whereas a Bill, for the taking away of the Court of Wards, and Tenures by Knight-Service, is under the Consideration of this House; which, in respect of the present Recess, cannot be at this time dispatched; his Majesty be humbly moved, that he would be pleased to suspend the Sitting of that Courtj and all Profits of Wardships, Marriages of Wards, Licences of Alienation, and the placing of Officers, finding of Offices, and acting of any thing concerning the same, or relating the reunto; until the Twenty-fifth Day of December next.

Ordered, That the Members of this House, of the King's Majesty's Council, do wait on his Majesty from this House, with these several Votes*, and humbly desire his Majesty's Afient thereunto.

Colonel Birch reports, from the Commissioners for Appeals, and regulating the Excise, thar, such are the Obstructions of collecting and levying the Duty of Ex-cife, both in London, and the several Counties of England and Wales, that it is very necessary, that his Majesty be humbly desired, by both Houses of Parliament, forthwith to issue out his Proclamation, requiring all his Subjects, in England and Wales, that are liable to pay Ex-cife, to conform unto the Rules, Regulations, and Powers, whereby that Imposition hath been levied, in paying the same *, for Satisfaction of the great Debt charged thereupon: And that the Justices of the Peace, of the respective Counties, for Removal of the said Obstructions, do vigorously proceed, in putting such of the Rules and Powers, as are under their Cognizance, in Execution.

Resolved, That, in respect of the Obstructions in collecting and levying the Duty of Excise, and the Arrears thereof^ both in London, and the several Counties of England and Wales, his Majesty is hereby humbly desired forthwith to issue out his Proclamation, requiring all his Subjects, in England and Wales, that are liable to pay Excise, to conform unto the Rules, Regulations, and Powers, whereby that, Imposition hath been levied, in paying the same; with all the Arrears not pardoned by the Act of General Pardon, Indemnity, and Oblivion; for Satisfaction of the great Payments charged thereupon: And that the Justices of Peace of the respective Counties, for Removal of the said Obstructions, do vigorously proceed in putting such str of

of the Rules and Powers, as are under their Cognizance, in Execution:

That the Lords Concurrence be desired herein: And that Colonel Birch carry it to the Lords, and desire their Lordships to take Order for presenting the same to his Majesty.

Sir Henage Finch reports a Bill, for an Assessment of

Seventy thousand Pounds for One Month, beginning from the 29th of September 1660: Which was this Day read the First and Second time.

Resolved, That the Proviso in the last Folio of the said Bill be omitted.

Resolved, That in the 2d Folio, Line 2d, after the Word " Commissioners" insert these Words, viz. "other than such as are disabled by the Act of General Pardon and Oblivion."

Resolved, That in the ift Folio, Line 13, next after the Word " Tenures," these Words, viz. " and the' Use of the Court of Wards," be inserted.

Resolved, That this Bill be committed to a Grand Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That Mr. Speaker do leave the Chair.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Serjeant Glyn took the Chair.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Serjeant Glyn reports, from the said Grand Committee, Amendments to the said Bill for an Assessment of Seventy thousand Pounds for a Month: Which were twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

Resolved, That this Bill be ingrossed.

Part of the Army there is to be disbanded; besides the constant Charge that is to be kept up there for the Defence of the Country: And they desire you to take that into Consideration: And, in the mean time, they will go on with the Bill,"

" He added. You might be mistaken as to the Proceed of the Poll- Bill. The former Poll- Bill fell short of what was expected; and, haply, it may be so in this."

Saturday, September 8th, 1660.

Prayers.

A Bill for Naturalizing of Dorothea Helena Countess of Derby, Wife of the Right Honourable Charles Earl of Derby; Emilia, called Countels of OJfery, Wife

of the Right Honourable Thomas Butler called Earl of OJfery, Son, and Heir apparent, of the Right Honourable James Marquis of Ormondy and Earl of Brecknock; Margaret Lady Culpeper, Wife of the Right Honourable

Thomas Lord Culpeper Baron of Thorfway \ and the Right Honourable Charles Kirk, Lord and

Dame Emilia his Sifter; Children of Catharine Stanhope, Countess of Chesterfeildy by John Kirkhoven Lord of flett; was this Day read the Third time; and, upon the Question, parted.

Ordered, That Sir Geo. Downing do carry this Bill to the Lords.

Ordered, That the Lord Culpeper' % Bill be read in the Afternoon.

Mr. Holies reports the Conference had with the Lords this Day:

" That the Lord Chancellor was pleased to tell us, that the Lords had desired That Conference about the Bill sent up for disbanding the Army. He took notice of what was said of that Bill; that it was an acceptable Bill: And he laid, the House of Peers could not but lo look upon it: Therefore it had been twice read before them; and stood committed; and no Alterations or Amendments yet in it: But they had made feme Observations upon it, which they thought fit to communicate to you j and to desire Satisfaction from you therein.

" The Observations were Four

1. " That this Bill respects only the Ifiuing of Monies for disbanding of the Army; whereas the Poll- Bill was designed to Two Uses; disbanding of the Army, and dilburthening the Kingdom of the great Debt of the Navy. He told us, the Charge of the Navy is great; — Forty thousand Pounds a Month; — and (he desired us to observe it) it was not a Navy of the King's setting forth Had it been so, the King would have taken care to provide for it: But his Majesty found the Charge; — made it not. He told us. Twenty-five Ships lay in Harbour, at a useless Charge amounting to Fifteen thousand Pounds a Month: And that the Inconveniencies was not only the Uselessness of the Charge, but another Inconvenience followed; the Seamen lie idle, and by that means become unserviceable: And he told us, Sixfcore thousand Pounds would cut off that Charge."

2. " He observed, you have provided but a Fortnight's Pay for Support of the Army till they be disbanded: And his Lordship offered to us, that if they should not be all disbanded within the time intended, but that a Ne-ceflity should fall out, of keeping them up longer than that Fortnight; their Lordships saw not what Provision was made for that Part that should remain undisbanded after the Fortnight: And This they desire you to take into Consideration: And he minded us what the King belbught us, (that was his Expression) that the Soldiers might not lie upon Free Quarter; and, if they be not paid, there will be a Necdfity of that."

3. " He observed, that Two Hospitals are full of maimed Soldiers; and that some Care will be necessary to be taken for Discharge of them."

" The 4th Observation was concerning Ireland; that

The House resumed the Debate upon the Report made Yesterday, of the Conference had with the Lords upon the Bill for disbanding the Army.

Resolved, That a Fourth Part of the Money, to be raised. by the Poll- Bill, shall be employed proportionably to the paying off of the Five-and-twenty Ships come in from Sea, which lie in the Harbour, upon Wages and Victuals; and, after, for the paying off such other Ships as the same will further extend unto.

The Question being propounded, that an Assessment shall be lad of Seventy thousand Pounds by the Month, for Two Months, to commence the First of November next, to complete the Disbanding of the whole Army; and the Remain to be applied for paying off the Fleet in Harbour; and to be employed to no other Uses;

And the Question being put, that that Question be now put;

It passed in the Affirmative.

And the main Question being put; it was

Resolved, That an Assessment shall be laid of Seventy thousand Pounds by the Month, for Two Months, to commence the First of November next, to complete the Disbanding of the whole Army; and the Remain to be applied for the paying off the Fleet in Harbour; and to be employed to no other Uses.

Ordered, That Sir Henage Finch and Mr, Serjeant Glyn do bring in a Bill, with a Blank, for the Names of foe Persons to be trusted with the receiving and disbursing of the Money to be raised by foe Two Months Assessment, at Seventy thousand Pounds per Menfem; with a Clause to be inserted, giving Power to the fad Persons trusted to borrow Money upon Security of foe fad Bill.

Ordered, That the Lord Bruce do go to the Lords, and desire a free Conference with them, upon the Subjecfc-r Matter of the last Conference.

Mr. Radcliffe reports Amendments to the Bill for impowering Soldiers to exercise Trades: Which he read in his Place.

The Lord Bruce reports, that the Lords do agree to a present free Conference.

Ordered, That the Committee, who managed the last Conference, do manage this Conference with the Lords.

Ordered,

Ordered, That Mr. Bdmfeild do go to the Lords, and

communicate to them the Desires of this House, that they will give a speedy Dispatch to the Bills, for Mini-litrs; for Marriages; for College-Leases; for Fundamental Laws; and for the County of Durham.

The House adjourns till Three of Clock in the Afternoon.

Saturday, 8 h Septembe, 1660,

Meridiejjt.

A Bill, ingrossed, font down from the Lords, for restoring of ‘Thomas Lord Culpeper to his Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, whereof he was possessed on the Twentieth Day of May in the Year of our Lord 1642, or at any time since, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Word " unjustly" be obliterated. Resolved, That in die 2d Skin, 15 Line, betwixt the "Words " England" and " but," this Clause be inserted, viz. " nor to bring any Action of Waste, or Trespass, for any Matter relating the reunto."

The Question being put, that this Bill be committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this Bill be read the Third time.

The said Bill was this Day read the Third time accordingly; and, upon the Question, with the said Amendments, palfed.

Sir Anthony Irby reports a Proviso to the Bill for restoring unto Mur rough, alias M, Earl of , all his Honours, Manors, Lands, and Tenements, in,

whereof he was in Possession on the Three-and-twentieth of October 1641, or at any time since: Which was read

the First and Second time; and, on the Question, agreed to be Part of the Bill; the same being as followeth; viz.

" Provided always, That this Act, or any thing therein contained, shall not extend to restore the said Murrough, alias Morgan, Earl of Infequin, unto the Honour or Office of Lord President of the Province of in

Ireland; which he, the said Earl of , at any time

enjoyed since the Three-and-twentieth Day of 1641; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding."

Refohedy That the said Proviso be ingrossed.

And the Bill, being read the Third time, with the said Proviso, upon the Question, palfed.

The Lord Aungier to carry it to the Lords.

And he carried it to the Lords accordingly.

Resolved, That the Amendments to the Bill, for enabling Soldiers to exerciso Trades, be now read.

The said Amendments were accordingly read the First and Second time; and afterwards read, with the Coherence; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the said Amendments, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That a Message be font to the Lords, to acquaint them, that this House cannot dispatch the Business depending before them, so as to adjourn this Day; and therefore to desire their Lordships not to adjourn till Tuef-daynext; on which Day this House purposes to adjourn: And if they concur with this House therein, they then will please to communicate the same to the King's Majesty, as the Desire of both Houses:

And that the Lord Aungier carry the Message to the Lords.

Resolved, That no new Matters, nor any of those which are depending before the House, being of a private Nature, shall be entertained, or proceeded with, in this Jioufe, till the publick Businesses be dispatched, so far as the same can be dispatched, before the next Adjournment.

2

Mr. Pryn reports a Bill for the erecting -of Vicarages perpetual, and for the Endowment of such, lb as to make the Maintenance One hundred Pounds per Ann. out of appropriate Rectories: Which was read the First time.

A Certificate from the Commissioners of the Excise was this Day read, touching Spanish Tobaccoes in the House of Mr. James Haberthwaite of London Merchant;

who keeps his Doors against the Officers employed by the said Commissioners to search for, and secure, the fame: Which was read.

Lord Aungier reports, that he attended the: Lords with the Message from this House; and that the Lord Chancellor gave this Answer; That their Lordships had considered thereof; and, in regard of the weighty Affairs, that cannot be dispatched this Night, they will take care to move his Majesty, that the Adjournment of the House may be put off till Tuesday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and

Two Matters of Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to mind this Honourable House of a Bill sent from them to this House, concerning the bringing in of Patents, and Grants of Honours, and Offices; which they conceive a Business of very great and publick Concernment; and desire this House will give it as speedy a Dispatch, as possibly may be.

Sir Henage Finch reports a Bill for Two Months Assessment, at Seventy thousand Pounds per , commencing the first of November 1660; to complete the disbanding the Army; and paying off the Ships in Harbour: W hich was read the First and Second time; and, on the Question, committed to a Grand Committee.

Resolved, That the House be resolved into a Grand Committee, upon the said Bill, accordingly.

An ingrossed Bill for Seventy thousand Potinds, fi One Months Assessment, commencing 29th September 1660, for the present Supply of his Majesty, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That, in Line 51, betwixt the Word " charged," and the Word upon," these Words ,c by this Act" be inserted.

And the Bill, with the said Amendment, was, uport the Question, palfed.

Resolved, That the Title of the said Bill be. An Act for the speedy Raising of Seventy thousand Pounds, fof the present Supply of his Majesty.

Mr. Annejley is to carry this Bill to the Lords. And he carried it to the Lords accordingly.

Mr. Speaker acquaints the House, that his Highness the Duke of Gloucester had desired him to tender his Thanks to this House, for that Respect which they had lately shewed to him, in the midst of their many weighty Affairs, though by him unfought for; and that he would have returned his Thanks by Letter, had not his present Sickness disabled him, in that Behalf.

A Bill, for impowering the Cortimissionets of Excise and Customs to put certain Matters in Execution, was this Day read the First and Second time; and committed to the said Grand Committee.

The Holtfc was resolved into a Grand Committee upon the said Bill for Two Months Assessment, of Seventy thousand Pounds by the Month: And, adjourns itself to Monday next, at Eight of the Clock.

Mr. Speaker left the Chur.

Mr, Serjeant Glyn took the Chur.

Monday>

Monday, September io'h, 1660.

Pray e rs.

AMeftage from the Lords, by Dr. Hobart and # *, -Matters of Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire the Concurrence of this House, to the Act for disbanding of the Army; with some Amendments:

They likewise commanded me to return the Bill for the Seventy thousand Poiunds:

I am commanded likewise, to acquaint you, that they have, according to the Desire of the Commons, sent a noble Peer to his Majesty, to desire his Majesty's Leave for the Houses fitting a Day longer: To which his Majesty consents; and hath further signified, that he will be in Person Tomorrow, in the House of Peers-, to give his Royal Afient to the Acts that shall be prepared.

The Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Act for disbanding of the Army and Garrisons of this Kingdom, were read -,. and after read in Parts.

The 1 ft Amendment, 1 Skin, 3d Line, read, instead of the Word " where," read " were ;" which was agreed.

The 2d Amendment, viz. ift Skih, between 13th and 14th Lines, add these Words " his Royal Highness the Duke of Torke, the Duke of , the Lord

Gredt Chamberlain, the Lord Steward, the Earl of Leic eft er, and the Lord Rob," was read and, on

the Question, agreed onto.

The next Amendment, ift Skin, 15 Line, after the Word " them," and before the Word " shall," put in th'efe Words " whereof one of the Commissioners, named by the House of Lords, and one of the Com-rnilfioners named by the House of Commons, to be two," Was read; and, on the Question, agreed unto.

The next Amendment, between the 22th and 23th Line, after the Word " them," in the 22th Line, and before the Word " and, " in the 23th Line, add " as aforesaid," was read and agreed unto.

The next Amendment, viz. in the last Line of the First Instruction, after the Word " disbanded," add these Words " yet so as the Regiments and Companies, that lie. in fortified Garrisons be not disbanded, till their Royal Highnesses, the Duke of , and the Duke of Gloucester's Regiments, artd the Duke of s

Regiments, be first disbanded," was read -, and committed to Colonel King, Mr. Bofcawe Colbnel Birch, Mr. Swinpn, Mr. Serjeant Hales, Sir , Sir George

Downing, Mr. Bampfeild, Mr. Holies, Mr. Sir

Anthony Ashley Cooper, Colonel Morley: Who are forth-

with to withdraw, and word the same according to the Sense of this House on the present Debate.

The next Amendment, in the 10th Line of the Second Instruction* alter the Word " due," and before the 'Word " before," add the Words " and payable," was read; and, on the Question, agreed unto.

‘The next Amendment, in the Interlineation of the Third Instruction, after the Word " their," and before the Word " Highnesses," insert the Word " Royal:" was read; and agreed unto.

The next Amendment, at the End of the Third Instruction, add these Words, " of the Field Army," was read:

Ordered, That this Amendment be committed to the same Committee as the former Amendment.

The next Amendment, in the Fourth Instruction, ad and 3d Lines, after the Word " Speed," leave out the Words " dismantled, and the Soldiers in them," was read-

Resolved, That the said Amendment be referred to the feme Committee, to worditupon the present Debate.

The next Amendments, 7 Ipstruction, 6th Line, After the Word "them," and before the Word "shall," read " as aforesaid

The like, 8 Line; the like, 8th Instruction, iothLine; the like,-12th Line the like, 14th Line -, the like, 9th In-struftidm 16 Line-, were read; and, on several Que-ftions, agreed unto.

The next Amendment, viz. in the 14th Instruction, ad Line, after the Word " Army," and before the Words " shall be," put in these Words, " or keeping of them from Free Quarter, till they shall be disbanded," was read:

Resolved, That this House doth adhere to this Part of the Instruction, as it first went from this House to the Lords.

The next Amendment, viz. at the End of the 14th Instruction, add these Words, " except only a Fourth Part of the Money, to be raised by the Poll- Bill; which shall be employed to the paying off of the Five-and-twenty Ships, come in from Sea; and, after, for paying of such other Ships, as the Sum will further extend unto was read; and, on the Question, agreed unto.

The next Amendment, 16 Instruction, ift Line, 7th. Line, 8th Line; 17th Instruction, 2d Line; 18 Instruction, 1 Line; after the Word " them," add " as aforesaid;" were read; and, on the Question, agreed unto.

The next Amendment, 18th Instruction, 2d Line, after the Word " Sheriffs," and before the Word " in,", in the Third Line, leave out the Words " Members of the House of Commons, and Justices of Peace ;" and, instead thereof, read " and all other His Majesty's Officers ;" was read; and, on the Question, agreed unto.

The next Amendments, 19 Instruction, 6 Line, after the Word " them," and before the Word " are;" and, 12th Line, after the Word " them," and before the Word " shall;" put in " as aforesaid;" were read and agreed unto.

A Proviso sent from the Lords, and affixed to the instruction, was read the First and Second time; viz.

" Provided always, and it is hereby further Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That in case it shall appear unto the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them as aforesaid, either by: "

And, on the Question put, to agree to the said Pro-r vilbes;

It passed in the Negative.

Colonel Birch reports additional Rules, Orders, and Instructions, referring to the Act* for the speedy disbanding of the Army, and Garrisons of this Kingdom, in relation to that Part of the Poll-Money, which is applicable to the Navy: Which were read; and committed to the same Committee; to be by them considered of; and their Opinion reported to the House.

A Bill, sent from the Lords, for preventing Inconveniencies, which may arile, by reason of Patents or Grants made, or pretended to be made, during the late Troubles, was read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be now read the Second time.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Second time; and committed to Sir Henage Finch, Sir Anthony , Sir Tho. Meeres, Mr. Bryn, Sir Wheeler, Mr. Holies, Mr. Rigby, Sir Lancelot Lake, Mr. Atmejley, Serjeant Hales, Mr. Tong, Colonel , Sir Edm.

Bowyer, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir John Temple, Colonel Harley, Lord Angier, Mr. Merick, Sir Wm.

Dr. Gey ton. Sir John Lowther, Sir John Pelham, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Clifford, Colonel West, Mr. Harris, Sir Gilb. Gerrard, Colonel Windham, Mr. Knightley, Mr. Bimckley, Sir Rich. Browne, Sir Saville: And they are to meet, in the Speaker's Chamber, this Afternoon,

1 betwixt the Rising and Sitting of the House.

Sir Henage Finch reports Amendments to the Bill, for railing Sevenfcore thousand Pounds, for the complete disbanding of the whole Army; and paying off some Part of the Navy: Which were read by him in his Place and were after read by the Clerk the First and Second time; and agreed unto.

Resolved, That the Bill, with these Amendments, be* ingrafted.

Ordered,

12 Car. II. Journals oftieHouk of Commons. roi

Ordered, That a Message be lent to the Lords, to desire that the Lords will fit this Afternoon; for that there will be Bills of great Importance ready for them by Four of Clock.

That Sir John Potts do deliver this Message to the Lords: And to put the Lords in Mind of the Ministers Bill; and of the Bill for confirming of College Leases: And to carry with him the Order for the Proclamation about Excise.

Sir John Potts brings Answer from the Lords; that die Lords will fit this Afternoon -, that they have made what Dispatch they can of the said Bills; that they consent to the Order for issuing of a Proclamation touching the Excise.

A Bill for preventing Inconveniencies, which may irife, by reason of Patents or Grants made, or pretended to be made, during the late Troubles, was this Day read the Second rime *, and, upon the Question, committed.

Dtmkirke: Which Amendments werfc read; and; tipon the Question, agreed unto.

Ordered, That the said Bill, ft amended; be ingrossed.

A Bill, ingrossed, font down by the Lords, for settling of Sir George Lane in Possession of his Manors and Lands, was this Day read the First time.

A Bill for supplying certain Defeats in an Act intituled, An Act for speedy Provision of Money for disbanding and paying off the Forces of this Kingdom* both by Sea and Land, was this Day read the First and Second time; and, upon the Question, committed to Serjeant Hales, Mr. Bampfeild, Mr. , Mr.

Sir Wm. Wheeler, Sir Tho. Mr. Tong, Mr.

Annesley, Sir Fho. Lee, Sir Henage , Mr. Pryn,

Colonel West, Sir Ralph Kmgbt, Mr. Charlton, Dr. Cley-ton: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee appointed to withdraw, to consider of an Instruction, touching Satisfaction to be given to Troopers disbanded, for their Pistols and Fire Arms; and that thereupon they deliver up their Pistols and Fire Arms.

Sir Henage Finch reports, from the Grand Committee, Amendments to the Bill giving further Power to the Commissioners of Excise and Customs: Which were twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

Ordered, That this Bill, so amended, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by , Masters of Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, the Lords have sent you down a Bill for restoring of Sir George Lane Knight, to his Manors and Lands in Ireland;to which they desire thd Concurrence of this House.

Mr. Holies reports a Proviso tendered to the Bill for securing of Five thoussuid Pounds, due to the poor Protestants in Piedmont; giving Power to Mr. Noell, and the Executors of Alderman Femms, to take their Remedy against each other, either in Law or Equity: Whion was read the First and Second time; and, upon the Question, agreed unto:

And the said Act, being put to the Question, passed.

Resolved, That this be the Title of this Bill; viz. An Act for the levying of certain Monies, due upon the Collections for the Protestants of

A Bill for enabling the Soldiers of the Army now to be disbanded to exercise Trades, was this Day read the Third time; and, upon the Question, passed.

Resolved, That the Title thereof be, An Act for enabling the Soldiers of the Army now to be disbanded to exercise Trades.:

That the Lord Howard do carry up this Bill to the Lords.

Ordered, That the Amendments to the Bill for hirke, be taken up the first Business in the Afternoon.

The House adjourns itself, till Three of Clock in the Afternoon.

Monday, io'h September, 1660, post Meridiem.

f\Rdered, That Mr. Saunderson, now in the Custody the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, be and ' is hereby discharged of his Imprisonment.

The House resumed the Debate upon the Amendments to the Bill, for an Establishment for the Garrjfon of

A Message from the Lords, by Dr. Rennet and *, Masters of Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to return a Bill unto you, for the Settlement of Ministers; whereunto they have made divers Amendments; to which they desire your Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for raising Sevenfcore thousand Pounds, for the complete disbanding of the whole Army, and paying off feme Part of the Navy, was this Day read the Third time; and, upon the Question, passed.

Resolved, That the Tide of this Bill be, An Act for raising Sevenfcore thousand Pounds, for the complete disbanding of the whole Army, and paying off some Part of the Army.

Ordered, That this Bill be sent to the Lords.

A Bill to prevent Frauds and Concealments of his Majesty's Customs and Subsidies, was this Day read the Third time; and, upon the Question, passed.

Resolved, That the Title of this Bill be. An Act to prevent Frauds and Concealments of his Majesty's Customs and Subsidies.

That this Bill be sent to the Lords.

Mr. Hollis did carry to the Lords, the Bill concerning Soldiers exercising of Trades; the Bill concerning the Money due on the Collection for the Protestants of Piedmont; the Bill for raising Sevenfeore thousand Pounds; and the Bill for preventing Frauds in his Majesty's Customs.

m

The House took up the Debate upon the Amend mer.ts, sent from the Lords, to the Bill for settling of Ministers: Which were read, and are as followeth:

ift Skin, 5th Line, after the Word Majesty," add these Words, " with the Advice and Consent of."

7th Line, after the Word " by," leave out all the Words to "before," in the 8th Line; and, instead thereof* insert these Words, " any Ecclesiastical Persons."

nth Line, after the Words " placed in," put out the Word " or;" and, instead thereof, put in the Word " and."

21th Lone, after the Word " Wardship," put out the Word " Lapse."

21th Line, after the Word " Title," add these Words, " other than by Lapfeand leave out all unto the Words " other than," in the 23th Line.

Line 31th, after the Word Majesty," put in these Words, " and against;" and after the Word " Successors," leave out all to the Word " laving," in the 33d Line.

Line 33d, after the Word " the," leave out the Word " Patrons," and insert these Words, " King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors."

Line 48th, after the Word " Promotion," put out the Words following till the Word " which," in the 52 Line. *Sf ' ad

.2d Skin, Line 13th, after the Word " whatl'oever," put out all the Words, to the Word " and, " in the 34 Line.

52 Line, instead of these Words, " First of put in these Words, "25 December."

60 Line, after the Word " aforesaid," add thele "Words, " or to any ejected, or fequcftered Minister, who hath been beyond Sea, since the said First of January 1642, who hath therefore had no Order nor Agreement for his Fifths."

3d Skin, Line 3, after the Word " Agreements," put in these Words, " or to any who were, beyond Seas." 7th Line, after the Word " Agreement," put in these Words, " or to such Persons, as have been beyond Sea."

9 Line, after the Word " been," add these Words, " or to be."

11 Line, after the Word "lame," put out all to the Word " and, " in the 23 Line.

37 Line, after the Word " thereof," put out all to the Word " which," in the 41 Line.

56 Line, after the Word " Precincts," put out all till the Words " or any," in the 58 Line.

4th Skin, Line 1, after the Word " next," put out all to the Word " and, " in the 4th Line.

Line 6th, after the Word " them," put out all to the Words " shall be," in the 8th Line.

5th Skin, 3 Line, after the Word " who," instead of " having" read " have ;" and, after the Word " been," lead " and shall be."

6 Line, after the Words " and the," leave out " 26th of efugujt j" and read, instead thereof, " 9th of

6 Line, after the Word " Year," leave out all to the Word " but," in the 9th Line.

10 Line, after the Word presented," and before the Word " by," leave out the Words " and declared ;" and after the Word Majesty," and before the Word " shall," put in the Words " as aforesaid."

6 Skin, 3 Line, after the Word " remain," leave out the Words " as formerly," and put in these Words, " and be for ever."

7 Line., after the Word " remain," leave out the Words " as formerly," and put in these Words, " and be for ever."

10th Line, after the Word " remain," leave out the Words " as formerly," and put in these Words, " and be for ever."

14 Line, after the Word "reman," leave out the Words " as formerly," and put in these Words, " and be for ever."

The First Clause, the 1,2, 3, and Line, to the Word " Chaplains," in the Proviso sent down from the Lords, is agreed unto:

The Question being put, to agree to the rest of the Proviso;

It passed with the Negative.

The laid Amendments were again read, with the Coherence.

The ift, 2d, and 3d Amendments were read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The 4th Amendment was read:

Resolved, That this House doth adhere to that Part of the Bill, as it went first from this House.

The 5th Amendment was read:

Resolved, That this House doth adhere to that Part of the Bill, as it went first from this House.

The 6th Amendment was rad:

Resolved, That this House doth adhere to that Part of the Bill, as it went first from this House.

The 7th Amendment was read; and, upon the 'Question, agreed unto.

The 8th Amendment was read:

Resolved, That this House doth adhere to that Part of the Bill, as it went first from this House.

The 9th Amendment was read:

Resolved, That this House doth adhere to that Part of the Bill, as it went first from this House,

The 10th Amendment was read

And the Question being put, to agree to this Amendment; The House was divided:

The Yeas went forth.

Lord Herbert, ( Tellers for the Yeas: )

Sir John Talbot, c With the Yeas, J '*

Mr. Holies, 5 Tellers for the Noes: 1 g

Sir Anthony JJblg Cooper, I With the Noes, 1

So it passed with the Negative.

The 1 ith Amendment was read:

Resolved, That this House doth adhere to that Part of the Bill, as it went first from this House.

The 12th Amendment was read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The 13th Amendment was read:

Resolved, That this House doth adhere to that Part of the Bill, as it went first from this House.

The 14th Amendment was read:

Resolved, That this House doth adhere to that Part of the Bill, as it went from this House.

The 15th Amendment was read:

Resolved, That this House doth adhere to that Part of the Bill, as it went first from this House. —

Ordered, That Mr. Bunckley do desire the Lords to fit awhile; for that the House will speedily be ready for a Conference upon the Bill for settling of Ministers. —

The 16th Amendment was read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The 17th Amendment was read:

Resolved, That this House doth adhere to that Part of the Bill, as it went first from this House.

The 18th Amendment was read:

Resolved, That this House doth adhere to that Part of the Bill, as it went first from this House.

The 19th Amendment was read:

The Question being put, to agree to this Amendment s It palfed with the Negative. —

Mr. reports, that the Lords do agreeto fit awhile. —

The 20th Amendment was read:

Resolved, That this House doth adhere to that Part of the Bill, as it went first from this House.

The 2ith Amendment was read:

Resolved, That this House doth adhere to that Part of the Bill, as it went first from this House.

The 22th Amendment was read:

Resolved, That this House doth adhere to that Part of the Bill, as it went first from this House.

The 23th Amendment was read:

Resolved, That this House doth adhere to that Part of the Bill, as it went first from this House.

The 24th Amendment was read:

And the Question being put, to agree to this Amendment; It palfed with the Negative.

The 25th Amendment was read:

Resolved, That this House doth adhere to that Part of the Bill, as it went first from this House.

The 26th Amendment was read:

Resolved, That this House doth adhere to that Part of the Bill, as it went first from this House.

The 27th Amendment was read:

Resolved, That this House doth adhere to that Part of the Bill, as it went first from this House.

The ift Paragraph of the Proviso sent down by the Lords, was read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto. The next Paragraph in the said Proviso was read:

And the Question being put, to agree to this Proviso; It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That Sir Richard 'Temple do desire a present Conference with the Lords, upon the Bill for settling of Miniftejs.

Sir Richard Temple brings Answer, that the Lords do agree to a present Conference, as is desired.

Ordered, That Mr. Swinfin, Mr. Holies, Sir Henagt Finch, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Bulkdty, Serjeant Hales, Sir

12 Car. II. Journals the

Booth, Sir Anthony Ashley Cooper, Colonel King, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Bampfeild, Mr. /.nnejleyDr. Qeyton, Mr. Tong,

Mr. Crew, Colonel Harley, be the Committee to manage the Conference with the Lords upon the Amendments to the Bill for settling Ministers.

Colonel Birch reports from the Committee, to whom the Amendments, sent down from the Lords, to the Bill for disbanding the Army was referred, some Amendments to the said Amendments: Which were twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

Colonel Birch also reports, an Instruction, touching paying the Troopers for the Holders, Pistols, and Carbines: Which was read *, and, upon die Question, laid aside.

Mr. Annejley reports, an Instruction, giving to the Commissioners for this House, for disbanding the Army, One Penny in the Pound: Which was read j and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

Ordered, That the Members of this House, of the King's Council, do desire his Majesty to ifiiie forth a Proclamation, for putting the Acts against riding armed in effectual Execution.

A Bill. iogrolfed» sent down from the Lords, for restoring of Sir George Lane Knight to the Possessictn of the jVlanor of Rathflyne, and Lyjd and other Lands in Ireland, was read the Second and Third time; and, upon the Question, passed.

Ordered, That the Lord Angier carry this Bill to the Lords.

A Message from the Lords, by Dr. *, Masters of Chancery -,

Mr-"Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to bring flown this Bill to you again , which is, for the raising of Sevenfcore thousand Pounds for the complete disbanding of the Army, and Part of the Navy; and to let this JrfooQurable fipufe know, they have concurred with you therein.

! Tuesday, September 11th, 1660.

J?jt.AY£*s.

A Bill for annexing Dunkirke and in Flanders,

and the Island of Jamaica in America, to the Crown of England, was this Day read the Third time.

Rejolyed, That in the Last Skin, 3d Line, these Words, " Contributions, and other" be inserted, next before the Word " Revenues."

Refqlved, That these Words, viz. " whereof the Troop of h*s Royal Highness the Dyke of Torke to be part," be inserted is the 20(fe Line in the 3d Skin, next after the Word Horse."

And the said Bill, so amended, being put to the Question, passed.

Resolved, That this be the Title of this Bill, An Act for annexing Dupkirke and Mardike in Flanders, and the Island of Jamaica in America, to the Crown of England.

That Mr. Annejley do carry this Bill to the Lords.

Mr. Annejley carried to the Lords the BUI for annexing

Dunkirke and Jamaica to the Imperial Crown of tfiis Realm.

Lord Angier carried to the Lords the Bill for restoring Lands in Ireland to Sir George Lane.

A Bijl, for the necessary Support of the Work of draining the great Level of the Pens, was this Day read the Third time.

The humble Petition of H Williams, alias Cromwell, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Berry, and

Biggin, in the County of Huntington, on the Behalf of himself and his Tenants, being Two hundred Families, was read.

A Proviso was tendered to this Bill , that it be Enacted,

House of Commofr$>

that if, by Occasion of the Adventurers Works, the Waters are raised higher, on the ancient Country Banks, than they were before the said Adventurers undertook to drain the Fens; that then the Commissioners for Sewers for the Counties of Northampton, Norfolke, Cam-

bridge, Lincolne, Huntington, and the Isle of Ely, for the Time being, or any Twelve of them, are hereby impowered to provide for the Safety of the Country, by causing the said Banks to be heightened and strengthened i and shall appoint and proportion the Charge between the said Adventurers, and those that were anciently to maintain the said Banks, as by the Laws and Usages of Sewers is meet: And in case the said Country be drowned, or lie under Water, by Occasion of the Raising the Waters, as aforesaid; that then the said Commissioners are hereby impowered to open any of die ancient Drains; though the Adventurers be now in Possession of them: Which was this Day read the First: and Second time:

And the Question being propounded, to agree to this Proviso;

And the Question being put, that this Question be now put i

The House was divided:

The Noes went forth.

Mr. Annejley,t Tellers for the Noes: 1

Captain Titus, I With the Noes, 1

Sir Tho. Rich, ( Tellers for the Yeas: 1

Sir Tho. Meeres, 1 With the Yeas, j

So it passed with the Negative.

9°

84

The ingrafted Amendments, and additional Rules and Instructions for disbanding of the Army, were this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Amendment agreed upon, for adding the Words " as aforesaid" in the 10th and 12th Line of the 8 th Instruction, be laid aside , and the Word " aforesaid" omitted in those Places.

And the said Bill and Instructions, so amended, being put to the Question, passed; and are ordered to be part of the Bill.

That Colonel Birch do carry this Bill, and the Inllruc-jtions, thus amended, to the Lords: And also carry up the Amendments to the Amendments sent down by the Lords: And to desire thp Lords Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Annejley reports. Amendments to the Poll- Bill: Which were twice read:

Ordered, That it be referred to a Committee, to consider what Defers are in the Poll- Bill; and of Remedies to be applied; and report them forthwith: And that Mr. Annejley, Serjeant Hales, Sir Morris, Mr. Pryn, Sir Samuel Jones, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Bampfeild, Sir John Temple, Sir Wm. Wheeler, Mr. Trevor, Mr. Boderda, be ,the said Committee. —

Another Proviso was tendered to the said Bill for Maintenance of the great Level of the Fens; " That it be Enacted, that if, by Occasion of the Adventurers Works, the Water shall be raised higher, on the ancient Country-Banks, than formerly, to the Damage of the Country; that then the Lord Chancellor, Lord Treasurer, the Judges of the one Bench and other, and Barons of the Exchequer, or any Six of them, are hereby im-:pQwered, upon Hearing of Parties, and Judgment of the Cause or Causes, to award Damages, open Sluices, and to apply such Remedies as shall be justWhich was read the First and Second time; and, upon the Question, passed j and ordered to be part of the Bill. —

A Message from the Lords, by Dr. Hobart and , Matters of Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a present free Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject-Matter of the last Conference, touching the Bill about Ministers.

Resolved, That a present free Conference be granted, as is defiled.

Th?

The Messengers being called in again, Mr. Speaker gave them this Answer,

The House hath considered of your Message , and they do agree to a present free Conference in the Panted Chamber. —

Another Proviso was tendered to this Bill touching the great Level of the Fens: Provided always, and be it further Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That Annejley Esquire, Sir tVm. Play, Sir John Baronets, Richard Times, Samuel , Rob. Pbi!lippsi

tVm. Terringham^ William Dod, and St.

Esquires, claiming a fourth Part of the said Ninety-five thousand Acres, be, and are hereby, constituted Commissioners, to join with the Earl of and his Par-

ticipants, for the more orderly Support, and carrying on the Work of the said Level, during the Continuance of this Act Which was read the First and Second time , and, upon the Question, agreed unto; and ordered to be part of the Bill.

And the said Bill, being put to the Question, passed. Resolved, That this be the Title of the Bill; An Act for the necessary Maintenance of the Work of draining of the great Level of the Fens.

That Mr. Annejley carry this Bill to the Lords.

Ordered, That the Committee, who managed the lift Conference, touching the Ministers Bill, be the Committee to manage this Conference.

Ordered, That Mr. Got be added to the Committee for managing the Conference with the Lords.

Ordered, That a Writ be issued for Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ipswich, in the County of in the Place of

Nathaniel Bacon Esquire, deceased; and that Mr. Speaker do grant his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, to prepare a Writ for the Purpose aforesaid: Which the Lora Chancellor is to issue and pass under the Great Seal of England, accordingly.

Sir Henage Finch reports the free Conference had with the Lords, upon the Bill for settling Ministers:

" That the Lord Chancellor, at the Entrance of the Conference, told us, the Lords had considered of what we offered at the last Conference, with a Desire to concur with us, as far as is possible, in That, as in all other things."

" In one Part of the Conference, We offered, that we infilled on the Clause of Scandal; which we should not have done, were it not that the omitting of it might seem to countenance Persons scandalous and ignorant. He told us, the Lords did, as much as We could, abhor Scandal, and pity Ignorance -, and should be ready, with Us, to make War upon it: But, in this Place, they thought it fit to be left out*, the Words being unhappy Words, as in former times misapplied, and imposed on Persons that deserved not, in any Sense, to be called scandalous or ignorant. His Lordship added, that, to put the Words out, their Lord ships conceive, would, in a great measure, meet with our Ends* allay Animosities and Sharpness between several Parties and prevent Inquiries, by Commissioners, and the erecting of new Judicatories; which could have no Fruit, but the renewing of former Differences: And therefore they could not but infill to have them left Out. For our infilling, that his Majesty's Proclamation be part of the Bill, and that such only should be confirmed, as had passed the Great Seal to the Twenty-sixth of August, he said, the Lords could not concur in this,

pardy for the Indecency of it; for it would imply a Repealing of some of the King's Letters Patents , and it would not consist with the due Reverence we ought to pay to the Great Seal of And it would not

answer our End neither; for we might, contrary to our Will, prevent the gratifying of some of our Friends, that . had Presentations under the Great Seal, who might escape the Benefit of that Proclamation, by the Neglect or Mif-

take of a Clerk. For the other Part, concerning Plura lities, he told us, that though the Lords might, with great Reason, infill upon it, that those Persons qualified for Pluralities, who had been so long kept out of their Rights, might now be restored to that which was their Right} yet, it being our Desire, the Lords were ready to gratify this House with their Compliance therein. Concerning the faring of the Right of Patrons, his Lordship told us, the Lords thought it became them, in Justice, to infill thereon; yea, looked on themselves as obliged, in some measure, to have a Care of the Commons therein But since we had departed from our own Right, the Lords, in that Point, concurred: But, as to theirs, and what concerned themselves in their Right of Presenting, he laid, they shall infill upon it; and withal, intimated this Reason } Because Persons may be come into Places, to which their Lordships have Right to present, who perhaps may be ill Neighbours , perhaps they may be good, and deferring: But their Lordships desire, that the Ministers, that continue in Places within their Gift, may owe their Obligation to them , and not to the Choice that brought them in: With this further Intimation; that it will concern but a few." — And therewith the Reporter delivered in a Paper, received at the Conference *, wherein the Lords shew, in what they have concurred* and to what they disagree.

Mr. Annejley further reports, " that, at the Conference* the Lord Chancellor took notice, that the Clause in the Amendment, touching Persons beyond the Seas, was intended to relate only to Mr. Honnywood , and that, in their present Amendments, his Name alone is inserted: And, concerning the Word " Lapse, " his Lordship said, the Word continues out but in reference to so much only of the Proviso, as reaches to the Lords."

He also reports a Paper sent down by the Lords, expressing, wherein the Lords agree with this House and to what Particulars the Lords do adhere: Which was read; and, after, read in Parts and is as followeth:

1. 21th Line, the Lords adhere to have the Word Lapfe" left out.

2. 2i Line, — agree with the House of Commons to leave out the Words " other than by Lapse*" and to let the Words following Hand, as now sent up by the House of Commons.

3. 31th Line, — agree with the House of Commons in all to the 33 th Line.

4. 33d Line, — agree with the House of Commons.

5. 48th Line, the Lords adhere.

6. 2d Skin, 13th Line, the Lords agree with the Commons to leave out all to the Word " and, " in the 30th Line.

7. After the Words " as aforesaid," leave out all to the Word " and, " in die 34th Line, the Lords adhere.

8. 60 Line, add the Words " or to Mr. Honnywood,

Parson of Kegworth in Leicefte," leaving out the Words " or to any ejected or sequestered Minister."

9. 3 Skin, 3d Line, instead of the Words " who

hath been beyond Sea," which were added by the Lords, put in these Words, " or to the said Mr. ."

10. 7th Line, instead of the Words " to such Persons as have been beyond Seas," which were added by the Lords, put in these Words, " or to the said Mr. nywood.,

11. nth Line to the 23d Line, the Lords adhere.

12. 37th Line to the 41th Line, the Lords adhere.

13. 56 Line to the 58 Line, the Lords adhere.

14. Skin 4th, ill Line to the 4th Line, the Lords adhere.

15. 6 Line to the 8 th Line, the Lords adhere.

16. Skin 5th, the Lords adhere to all the Amendments.

17. Skin 6, Lines 3, 7, 10, 14, the Lords agree with the House of Commons.

18. In the Proviso, 5 Line, after the Word " every," put out all to the Word " according," and instead thereof put in these Words, " Peers of this Realm."

10 Line,

iz CaH. II. Journals of the House

io Line, put out the Word " collate."

I3 Line, put out the Word " collate."

The first Amendment was read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The 2d Amendment was read; and, upon the Question, agreed. '

The 3d Amendment Was read , and agreed unto.

The 5th Amendment, to which the Lords adhere, w&s read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.- -J

The 6th Amendment was read; and agreed unto.

The 7th Amendment was read; and agreed unto.

The 8 th, 9th, and 10th Amendments were read; arid agreed unto. '

The next Amendment was read; and agreed unto.

The 1 ith Amendment was read; and agreed unto.; The 12 th Amendment was read; and agreed unto.

The 13 th Amendment was read; and agreed unto.

The 14th Amendment was read; and agreed unto.

The 15th Amendment was read; and agreed unto. , The 16th Amendment was read; and agreed unto.

The Amendments in the Proviso were read; and, (lpbh the Question, agreed unto.

A Message from the Lords, by Dr. Hobart and Matters of Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a present free Conference with the House of Commons, in the Painted Chamber; upon the Bill for disbanding of the Army.

Ordered, That a free Conference be granted with the Lords, as is desired.

The Messengers being called in again, Mr. Speaker gave them this Answer;

The House hath considered of yoUr Message; and do agree to a present free Conference in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered That Colonel BircSir Ashley Cooper*

Sir Wm. Doyley* Colonel KinSir Henage Sir

Rich. Browne* Sir Allen Broadrick, Sir Samuel Jones* Mr. Pryn* Captain 'Titus* be a Committee to manage this Conference.

A List of Prisoners, remaining under the Charge of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, was read.

Ordered, That Herbert ChuJohn Feild* and Henry

Hills* now in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, be discharged of their Imprisonment, paying their Fees.

Mr. Boderda reports. Amendments, and Two Provi-loes, and Two enacting Clauses, to be Part of the additional Bill for supplying the Deferits of the Poll- Bill: Which were read:

Ordered, That the Words " and " be inserted

next after the Words " Liberties thereof," and before the Words " shall, after the Receipt &?«."

The first Clause, being read the First and Second time, was, on the Question, agreed to be Part of the Bill.

The 2d Clause was read the First and Second time; and the Debate thereof adjourned till the Afternoon.

This House adjourns itself till Three of Clock in the Afternoon.

Tuesday* September 1660,

post Merid.

SIR Wm. Doyley reports from the Committee, to whom it was referred to consider what Allowances were fit to be made to the Clerks, and other Officers, attending this House; and to take into Consideration the Accompt of the Printers, and what is due to John Owen Stationer; the Resolves of the said Committee: Which were read; and were as followeth; viz.

That Two hundred Pounds per Annum Salary be allowed unto Ralph Darnall Esquire, Clerk-Assistance of this House; to be paid to him, or his Assigns, by quarterly Payments,

to commence fiord the One-and-twentieth of February 1659.;

That Wm . Jessop Esquire be humbly recommended by this House to the King's Majesty, to be Clerk of this House; and the said Office be granted by Letters Patents, tinder the Great Seal of England* unto the said Wm. 'Jessop* during his Life; with all such Feefc, Salaries, and Allowances, as have been hertofore allowed to any Clerk attending this House: And that the Members of this House, who are of the King's Council, do humbly offer it to the King's Majesty, as the Desire of this House.

J That the Sinn of Five hundred Pounds be paid to the Officers attending this House, for and in resperilof their Pains in attending the Service of this House ;' and that the same be charged upon the Excise; and forthwith paid unto them by the Commissioners for the Excise.

That the One hundred Fifty-seven Pounds,' due to Mr. Husband, and Mr. Newcombe*and attested under the Hands of the Speaker, and Mr. Jessop* be reported to the House, as a just Debt, due to them, for several Books, Arils, and Orders, by them printed and delivered for the Service of the House of Commons.

That James Northfolke* the present Serjeant at Arms, be humbly recommended by this House to the King's most Excellent Majesty, to be the Serjeant at Arms to the House of Commons; and that his Majesty be humbly desired to give him a Patent for that Place during hi Life.

That Fifty Pounds be allowed and paid unto the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, out of the Excise, towards the providing of Firing against the next Sitting; and Sixty Pounds for several Contingencies since February

t659.

That Mr. Voice*the Minister attending this House, have Fifty Pounds allowed him, out of the Excise; to be forthwith paid him.

That the Sum of Two hundred and thirteen Pounds, due to the Stationer, as appears by his Account, acknowledged under the Hands of the Speaker, and the Clerk, of the House of Commons, be also forthwith paid out of the Excise; and that, by another Account, bearing Date the Thirteenth of March 1659, there is due unto him the Sum of Three hundred Eighty-six Pounds, for which he had Order then under the Hands of the Speaker, and Mr. St. Nicholas; upon which no Money Was received, as he alledgeth.

Resolved* By the Commons assembled in Parliament, that the Sum of One hundred Fifty -seven Pounds, due upon the Account of the said and

Thomas Newcombe* be forthwith paid and satisfied unto

them, or their Assigns; and the said One hundred Fifty-seven Pounds be, and is hereby, charged upon the Receipt of the grand Excise: And the Commissioners of the Excise be, and are hereby, required and authorized forthwith to make Payment of the said One hundred and Fifty-seven Pounds unto the said Edward and Thomas

Newcomb* or their Assigns, accordingly: And their Acquittance, testifying the Receipt thereof, shall be a sufficient Discharge in that Behalf.

Ordered, That Wm. Jessop Esquire be humbly recommended by this House to the King's Majesty, to be Clerk of this House; he having, with Faithfulness and Diligence, performed the Duties of that Place from the Beginning of this Parliament; and that his Majesty will be pleased to grant the said Office of Clerk of the Commons House of Parliament, by his Highness' Letters Patents, under the Great Seal of England* unto the said Wm. Jessop* for and during his natural Life; with all Inch Fees, Salaries, and Allowances, as have been heretofore granted to any Clerk of the Commons House of Parliament.

Ordered, That the Members of this House, who are of the King's Majesty's Council, do humbly reprefont it to the King's Majesty, as the Desire of this House.

Ordered, That James Northfolke Esquire, the present Serjeant at Arms to this House, be humbly recommended by this House to the King's most Excellent Majesty, to be Serjeant at Arms to the Commons House of Parlia-Tt mentj

ment; he having, with all Faithfulnefc and Diligence, and not without much Hazard to himself, performed the Duties of that Place, from the Beginning of this Parliament j and that it will please his Majesty to grant the lai^ Office of Serjeant at Arms to the said James Nortkfolk, for and during his natural Life, by his Highness' Letters Patents, under the Great Seal of England; and with all such Fees, Salaries, and Allowances, as have been heretofore granted to any Serjeant at Anns of the Commons House of Parliament.

Ordered, That the Members of this Hoofe, who are of the King's Majesty's Council, do humbly represent it to the King's Majesty, as the Desire of this House.

Ordered, That the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, of good and lawful Money of be forthwith paid

unto the Committee for the Army, or such Person as they shall appoint to receive the same, to the Use of the Clerks and Officers attending the Service of the Honourr able House of Commons, for their Service and Attendance there this present Parliament: And the Committee for the Army are hereby authorized and required to dillri-bute the said Five hundred Pounds amongst the said Clerks and Officers, as they conceive their several Sendees respectively to merit: And the Commissioners of the Excise are hereby required to make Payment thereof accordingly.:

The Lords Concurrence is desired herein.

Ordered, That the several Sums of Two hundred and Thirteen Pounds, and Three hundred Eighty-six Pounds, due unto John Owen Stationer, upon several Accounts, signed by the Speaker, and by the Clerk, of the House of Commons, and allowed by the said House, shall be; forthwith paid and fadsfied unto the said John , or; his Assigns; and be, and is hereby, charged upon the Receipt of the Grand Excise: And the Commissioners of Excise are hereby authorized and required forth-; with to make Payment of the said several Sums of Two hundred and Thirteen Pounds, and Three hundred Eighty-six Pounds, unto the said John , or his Assigns, accordingly: And the Acquittance or Acquittances of the said John Owent or his Assigns, testifying the Receipt thereof, shall be a sufficient Warrant and Dischargg that Behalf.

The Lords Concurrence is desired herein,

Resolved, That the Sum of Two hundred Pounds of good and lawful Money of England, be forthwith paid and fadsfied unto Ralph Damal Esquire, or his Assigns, for his diligent and faithful Service of the Honourable House of Commons, from the Twenty-fourth Day of February 1659, unto this Day; and that the said Two hundred Pounds be, and is hereby, charged upon the Grand Excise: And the Commissioners of the Excise be, and are hereby, authorized and required forthwith to pay and satisfy the said Sum of Two hundred Pounds, unto the said Ralph Damally or his Assigns, accordingly; And the Acquittance or Acquittances of the said Ralph Damally testifying the Receipt thereof, shall be their sufficient Warrant and Discharge, in that Behalf.

The Lords Concurrence is desired herein.

Ordered, That the Sum of Two hundred Seventy-seven. Pounds Eleven Shillings Four-pence be forthwith paid and satisfied unto Lancelot Provost Marshal of

Middlesex, on the Behalf of himself, and his Six Men, (for their Service in attending the Speaker of the Honourable House of Commons, for his Salary of One hundred Pounds per Amumyand Twelve-pence per Diemy apiece, for his said Six Men) due from the Twenty-seventh of May 1659, to the Fourth of this Instant September; and that the said Two hundred Seventy-seven Pounds Eleven Shillings Four-pence be, and is hereby, charged upon the Receipt of the Grand Excise: And the Commissioners for the Excise are hereby authorized and required forthwith to pay and satisfy the said Two hundred Seventy-seven Pounds Eleven Shillings Four-pence, to the said Lancelot Emoty or his Assigns, accordingly: And the Acquittance of the said Lancelot Emoty or his Assigns, testifying the Receipt thereof, shall be a sufficient Discharge in that Behalf,

The Lords- Concurrence is desired herein.

Resolved, That the Sum of One hundred and Ten Pounds be allowed, and forthwith paid, unto James Ser-

jeant at Arms attending the Parliament, for providing of Fire and Candles, for the Use of the House of Commons,

' at their next Sitting; and that the said One hundred and Ten Pounds be charged upon the Excise: And the Commissioners of Excise are hereby authorized and required to make Payment thereof accordingly: And the Acquittance of the said James testifying the

Receipt thereof, shall be their sufficient Discharge in that Behalf.

The Lords Concurrence is desired herein.

The humble Petition of John , and John Mea-

cocky Printers, was read.

Ordered, That the Sum of Twelve hundred Pounds a Week shall be paid, upon Account, to the Garrison of Dunkirket from the First Day of 1660, until the Sixth Day of November next; and paid out of the Moiety of Excise of Ale and Beer, for the Maintenance of the said Garrison.

Resolved, That the Customs, Contributions, and other Revenues, arifin» in Dunkirke, shall also go towards the 'Maintenance of the said Garrison of Dunkirke.

That the Lords Concurrence be desired hereunto.

The House resumed the Debate, upon the Second Clause, reported this Day, as an Addition to tire Bill for supplying the Defects of the Poll- Bill: Which was read the Second time; and laid aside, being as followeth:

" And be it further Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, that every Person and Persons, of what Degree or Quality soever he or they be, chargeable by the aforesaid Act, shall and may be charged for his, her, or their pegree, in the County, City, Town, or Place, where he, she, or they, have their usual Abode: And every Person and Persons, of what Degree or Quality soever, as iaforesaid, shall and may be charged for every Hundred Pounds per Atnum, which he, she, or they, have or can dispend, in Lands; Leases, Money, Stock, or otherwise, of his, her, or their own proper Estate, in any other County, City, Town, or Place, respectively, the Sum of Forty Shillings; and so proportionably, for a greater or lesser Estate; provided it extend not to Persons under Five Pounds yearly: And the Tenant or Tenants of every such Person and Persons, respectively, are hereby required to pay such Sum and Sums of Money, as shall lb be. charged upon his, her, or their respective Landlords: Arid the said Tenant or Tenants are hereby enabled to detain and have Allowance of the fame, out of the Rents, which shall be next payable to his, her, or their respective Landlords. Provided always, and it is hereby further Enacted, That where any Person or Persons is or are taxed for his, her, or their Degree, the Commissioners for that Place, or any Three of them, ate hereby authorized and required to grant to such Person or Persons, if the Charge for his, her, or their Title* exceed the Charge for his, her, or their Estate there only, ..... directed to the Commissioners of and for such Place, or Places, as the Person or Persons, so charged, shall desire; importing the Value of what Estate in Lands, Leases, Money, Stock, or otherwise, such Person or Persons, so taxed for his, her, or their Degree, hath or can dispend in the County, City, Town, or Place, where he, she, or they, are so taxed, for his, her, or their Degree, as aforesaid; to the Intent that such Person or Persons may have Allowance and Defalkation, in any other County, City, Town, or Place, proportionably thereunto. And the Commissioners of such other Counties, Cities, Towns, or Places, are hereby required and enabled, upon Sight of such Certificate, and by under-writing " Redelivery of the fame," to make such Allowance and Defalkations, accordingly, and not otherwise."

Another Amendment, reported by Mr. Amefley, in the Forenoon of this Day, was again taken into Confederation;

sideration; bang as followeth} viz. After the Word Pay," insert M in any one County or Place, what he shall or can be charged Withal, as his greatest Proportion for his Degree, or whole Estate, in the several Counties and Places (if the same shall. exceed his Degree); and producing an Acquittance or Certificate thereof Which was read the Second time; and, on the Question, agreed; and ordered to be inserted into the BUI.

The First Clause, reported this Morning, and agreed unto, is as followeth: " And be it Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, are hereby required and impowered to Blue out their Wanant or Warrants, under their Hands and Seals, or under the Hands and Seals of any Three of them, to the Constables, Petty Constables, or other his Majesty's Officers, Ministers, or other Persons, inhabiting within the several Counties, Cities, Towns, arid Places, respectively j requiring them, or any of them, to distrain the Goods and Chattels of all and every Person and Persons, and every Tenant and Tenants, for and on the Behalf of his, her, or their Landlords, who shall re-fiife of neglect to pay the respective Sums, charged upon him, her, or them, by virtue of the aforesaid Act: And the said Constables, Petty Constables, and Other his Majesty's said Officers and Ministers, and other Persons, inhabiting as aforesaid, are hereby required to make such Distress accordingly."

Ordered, That the said mil, with die Amendments, be

ingrafted.

Colonel Birch reports the Substance of the Conference with the Lords this Day, about the Bill for disbanding the Army, and a Paper of Amendments, delivered by the Lords i Which was read, and is as followeth:

In the First Instruction, the 'third Line, instead of the Word " and, " read or such as."

lane. After the Word " Cdrljfle,* put in the Words,

‘‘ and one Company in Tinmouth."

In the Third Instruction amended, add, " and one Company in Tinmutb."

The 4th Instruction to be thus read: " That all Gar-lifons within this Kingdom, and Dominion of and Town of Bdnmcke upon Tweed, and Islands of Cuemzey and Jerfef, shall be, with all convenient Speed, in respect of their Fortifications and Walls, and Numbers of Muvput into the same Condition they were in the Year 1637 1 and the Soldiers in them disbanded and discharged j except such of them, or any other, as his Majesty shall think fit otherwise to dispose and provide for, at his own Charge."

11 Instruction, After the last Word, necessary," add these Words " and that no private Soldier, being disbanded, ride or travel with any Fire-Arms, upon Pain of losing his said Arms, and of Imprisohment during his Majesty's Pleasure."

14 Instruction, After the last Word, " belonging," add these Words " excepting such Monies, as shall be paid for their Maintenance, to keep them from Free Quarter, till they shall have received their foil Arrears % winch Money shall be difeounted at the foil Payment of their Arrears."

Refohedy That in the Amendment, First Instruction,

3 Line, for inserting " tit such as," instead of " and this House doth agree.

Resolved, That as to the putting in of the Words " and one Company in Tinm," mentioned in the 2d and 3d Amendment, this House doth adhere to the Bill, as it was formerly lent from this House.

Resolved, That to the Amendment, in the 4th Ir»> strudion, this House doth agree with the Lords.

Refohedy That to the Amendment, in the 1 ith Instruction, this House doth agree with the Lords; with an Addition, after the Words u being disbanded, shall," of these Words, viz. " after Fourteen Days from the time of his Disbanding."

Refohedy That as to the Amendment, in the 14th

S

Instruction, this House doth adhere to the Bill, as it was formerly sent from this House.

Wednesday, September 12th, 1660.

Pa a y e its.

A Bill, ingrafted. For supplying the Ifefeds in an Act intituled, An Act for speedy Provision of Money for Disbanding and Paying off the Forces of this Kingdom, both by Land and Sea, was this Day read the Third time.

Refohedy That the Words u County of," be inserted in the 23th Line, betwixt the Word " said," and tbd Word " City."

The Question being put, that the Penalty of Five Pounds be left out of the Clause, for making Default of delivering ill a true and perfect Lift Of their Family , The House was divided:

The Yeas went forth.

Mr. Bampfeild, 5 Tellers for the Yean: 1

Colonel King, I With the Yeas, J 5» Mr. Annesley, t Tellers for the Noes i 1 ?,

Lord Aungier, i With the Noes, J 0 -

So it passed with the Negative.

Refohedy That these Words, " he or she," be inserted in the 15 Line, betwixt the Word named," and the Word " shall."

Refohedy That the Words Counties and " be in* ferted in the 55th Line, before the Word " Places." And the BUI, so amended, being put to the Question, passed.

Resolved, That this be the Title to the Bill, viz. An Act for supplying and explaining certain DefedS in an Act intituled, An Act for the speedy Provision Of Money for Disbanding and Paying off the Forces of this Kingdom, both by Land and Sea.

Ordered, That Mr. Holies carry this Bill to the Lords: And he is to put the Lords in mind of the Bill concerning Piedmont Money.

Sir Hettage Finch reports the Draught of an Order about moving his Majesty, to issue a Commission touching Sales, upon the Debate Yesterday had in this House c Which was read , and, upon the Question, agreed unto } being as followeth:

Whereas the Bufinest of Sales of Bishops, Deans, and Chapters, and other Lands, which is under the Consideration of Parliament, cannot, by reason of the sudden Recess of both Houses, receive Accomplishment, till the Parliament shall meet again: For the mote effectual Dispatch and Settlement thereof, to- the Satife faction of Parties concerned, whether as Purchasers, art* cient Tenants, or otherwise; it is Ordered, that his Majesty be desired, with all convenient Speed, to cause one Commission, or more, under the Great Seal of England, to issue, to certain chosen Commissioners of both Houses, and other Persons, who may be impowered to treat with Purchasers, and such as shall have Authority, in that Behalf, from any of them, and all other Person and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, concerned in the said Sales-, and to agree upon equal Terms between the Parties, if they cart; or else to receive and consider tit Proposals, and Heads of Agreement; and to prepare something to offer to both Houses, for the foil Settlement of tins Affair, at the Return of both Houses 1 And, in the mean while, all Persons concerned are with Patience to expect such an Issue of this Business from the Wiftiom of Parliament, as may accommodate the feme, and give them reasonable Satisfaction, according to the Intention of his Majesty, and both Houses of Parliament.

That the Lords Concurrence be desired: And Mr. Annefiey is to carry if to the Lords.

Ordered, By the Commons, in Parliament assembled, That the Office of Foft-Master, and the

Postage

Portage and Carriage of Letters, Domestick and Foreign, shall continue to be exercised by the same Persons employed therein by his Majesty, their Agents, and Servants, according to the same Rates and Rules now practised, and without the Interruption of any Person or Persons whatsoever, until the Sixth Day of November., next ensuing.

The Lords Concurrence is desired herein: And Mr. Annejley is to carry it to the Lords.

Ordered, That his Majesty be humbly moved* thit he will please, by his Proclamation, to declare his Dislike of the Profanations of the Lord's Day; and also to command the Justices of the Peace, and all other publick Ministers of Justice, in their several Places, to do their Duties for preventing and supprdfing the like Profanations for the future.

Ordered, That the Members of this House, who are tof his Majesty's Privy-Council, be desired to present this to his Majesty, as the humble Delire of this House.

The humble Petition of John , Servant to the Provost-Marshal, and the rest of the Servants of the said Provost-Marshal, was read.

Resolved, That Francis Bajlar,' , and the Knight-Marshal's Men, who (as the House is informed) arrested John Crondle, one of the Servants of the Provost-Marshal attending this House, at the Suit of Mills, and Flowers, be, together with the said Walter Milles, and Flowers, sent for, in Custody, by the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That it be left to Mr. Speaker, to give such Order concerning the setting of these Persons at Liberty, after the Recess of this House, as he shall see Cause.

A List of Prisoners, in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, was read; viz. Colonel Courtney, Adjutant General Allen, Major Breman, Geo. Fox, Colonel Berry, Livewell Chapman, Mr. Villain, Rob. fingham.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Lords, and others of his Majesty's Privy Council, to consider of the said several Persons; and to give such Order touching them, as to their Liberty, or continued Restraint, as they shall find consistent with the publick Peace: And, in the mean time, they are to remain in the Serjeant's Custody.

Mr. Annejley reports, that he had delivered to the Lords the Vote of the House, of this Day, concerning the Post-Office; and the Lords gave Answer, that they concurred therein:

That he also delivered the other Order, concerning a Commission to treat with Persons concerned in Sales; to which they gave Answer, they will fend an Answer by Messengers of their own.

A Message from the Lords, by Dr. Bird and Mr. Hobart, Masters of Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to return you this explanatory and supplemental Bill for Poll-Money, with some Additions and Alterations; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

The Amendment, sent from the Lords, to the said Bill, was read , being, Liras 25, after the Word " Return," leave out all the Words unto the Word " unto," in the same Line: And it was read the Second time, with the Coherence; the Words, offered to be left out, being " unto the Lord Treasurer of England, or:" And the same was, upon the Question, agreed.

A Proviso, sent from the Lords, as an Additional, to the said Bill, was also read the First and Second time; being as followeth: " Provided, that neither this Act,'nOf any thing therein contained, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Peer or Peers of this Realm; but the said Peer or Peers shall deliver in Lists of their Families, to the Lords appointed Commissioners by the said Act; that no Peer or Peers shall be selfed, or any Levies made, or Distrdfes taken, upon them, or their Estates, but by Order

of the said Lords appointed Commissioners by the said Act , who are, by virtue of this Act, appointed and authorized in that Behalf."

The Question being propounded, that this House doth agree with the Lords, as to the said Proviso;

The House was divided i The Yeas went forth.

Sir Anthony Cope, t Tellers for the Yeas: )

Lord Ancram, I With the Yeas, 5 Colonel Kingi (Tellers for the Noes:?

Sir Tho. Lee, X With the Noes, s

And so it passed in the Negative;

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Meeres do go -to the Lords,' and desire a Conference With them, Upoh their Amendments to the explanatory Bill touching Poll-Money.

Sir Thomas Meeres reports, that he received Answer from the Ix>rds, " that the/ had considered of your Mef-sage; and will give a present Meeting with this House, in the Painted Chamber.'*

Ordered, That Mr. Chafltod, Mf. Annejley, Sir Anth. Ashley Cooper, Sir Howard, Mr. Bofcawen,

Mr. Hollis, Mr; Boderda, Mr. j Mr.

Sir Tho. Meeres, Mr. Prytt, Colonel be a Com*

mittee to manage the said Conference.

Mr. Bampfeild brings Report, that, abcording to the Command of the House, he did Yesterday deliver to the Lords the Bill for Ministers, as it was amended by this House: And also, the Orders for charging the Exdfe with Monies for the Officers attending this House: And that, as to the said Orders, their Answer was, they would ro^ turn Answer by Messengers of their own.

Mr. Hide brings Report, that he had attended the Lords with the Order of Yesterday, concerning Puttkirke; and that the Lords concurred therein.

Mr. Annejley reports froth the Committee, to whom several Matters, relating to his Majesty's Reception, were referred, that, among the Warrants charged by the said Committee on the Twenty thousand Pounds, for preparing Requisites for his Majesty's Reception, and approved by this House, the Sum of Sixty-six Pounds Eleven Shillings Eight-pence was, upon a Report to this House from the said Committee, allowed to Mr. Powney, his Majesty's Purveyor; who hath since received Satisfaction for the same another way: And that there is due to Andrew Snape, Serjeant Farrier to his Majesty, the like Sum,' for Work done by him for his Majesty, since the Twenty, eighth of May last.

Ordered, That the said Sum of Sixty-six Pounds Eleven Shillings Eight-pence be transferred and paid to the said Andrew Snape; and that the said Committee do recal the former Warrant for Payment thereof to Mr. and issue their Warrant for Payment thereof to Mr. Snape, accordingly.

Ordered, That Mr. Prynne do bring in, at the next Sitting of this House, the Bill for regulating of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir and Dr. Bird *,

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to desire, from this Honourable House, a present free Conference in the Painted Chamber, upon the Matter of the last Conference, concerning the fopplemental Bill for Poll-Money.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to a present Conference, as is desired.

The Messengers were called in again; and Mr. Speaker gave them this Answer,

The House have considered of your Message; and have agreed to a present free Conference.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to manage the last Conference do manage this Conference.

Mr Annejley

5

Mr. Annejley reports. That they had attehded the Conference with the Lords ;> and that their Lordships had delivered them another Proviso to the explanatory Bill for Poll-Money*, which, as the Lord Chancellor expressed, they hoped, would answer the Mind of this House.

The laid Proviso was read the First and Second time being as followeth:

" Provided always, That neither this Act, nor any thing therein contained, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Peer or Peers of this Realm; but that the Steward of any of the Peers, or some other Servant of the said Peers, shall deliver in the Lift of their Families to such as are appointed by this Act; and that no Peer or Peers shall be assessed otherwise, than as in the said recited Act."

Resolved', That the said Proviso be agreed unto.

Mr. Aftnejley is to carry back the Bill to the Lords.

Ordered, That the Monies ordered Yesterday for kirke be paid to Colonel Edmund , Governor of

Dunkirke, upon Account: And that the Order be amended accordingly,

Mr. Annejley is to carry this to the Lords.

Ordered, That the Five hundred Pounds, charged on the Excise by an Order of Yesterday, for the Clerks and Officers attending this House, be distributed amongst them by Mr. Speaker, in such Proportions as he shall judge meet.

A Message from the L6rds, by Sir Peirce and Dr. Bird*,

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House* that they have adjourned until Tomorrow at Ten of Clock; and that they do intend to desire his Majesty to be pleased to be there at that time, to give his Royal Assent to such Bills, as shall then be ready.

This House adjourned itself till Tomorrow at Ten of

the Clock.

‘Thursday, September 13 th, 1660. Prayers.

THE House being informed. That the Commissioners of Excise having given Eight several Judgments against Edward Light maker, of , Brewer, for neg-

lesting to make true Entries, and not paying and clearing the Excise of Beer and Ale, from the Twenty-third of June 1660, to the Eighteenth of August following; and that thereupon the said Lightmaker appealed to the Corn-mi ffioners of Appeals the Sixth of September; who, upon full Hearing, affirmed the said Judgments *, whereupon the Commissioners of Excise, by Warrant, did take a Distress for the Fine, by way of Execution; upon which Lightmaker brings a Replevin to the Sheriff of London, to restore the Goods taken in Execution *,

It is Ordered and Declared, by the Lords and Commons, in Parliament assembled. That the Goods, so adjudged, are not repleviable in this Cafe: And that the Sheriff of the City of London is hereby required forthwith to deliver the Goods, so taken in Execution, to the proper Officer of the Excise, for his Majesty's Use.

The Lords Concurrence is desired herein: And Mr. Annesley is to carry it to the Lords.

Whereas, by Order of the Lords and Commons, in Parliament assembled, bearing Date the Fourteen of Au-gufi 1660, the Sum of Forty thousand Pounds was appointed to be reserved, out of the Monies coming in of the Assessment commencing the Twenty-fourth of 1660, to be employed towards disbanding the Army: Ordered, by the Lords and Commons, in Parliament assembled. That Sir Thomas Player, Receiver-General of the said Assessment, do forthwith give Assignations, upon

the respective Receivers in the several CoiintieS, for the said Sum of Forty thousand Pounds, or so much as remains of the said Assessment, not otherwise charged by Orders and Directions of both Houses of Parliament, according to such Warrants, Orders, or Directions, as he shall receive, on that Behalf, from the Commissioners for disbanding the Army:

That the Lords Concurrence be desired herein,. And Mr. Annejly is to carry it to the Lords , and to mind the Lords of the Order for moving his Majesty, concerning a Commission for the Enabling of Commissioners to treat with Purchasers of Bishops Lands.

Mr. Annejley reports. That the Order of this House being presented to the King's Majesty, whereby Mr.

Jessop is recommended to his Majesty, from this House, to be Clerk of the House of Commons; and to have his Majesty's Grant thereof, under the Great Seal, during, his Life *, his Majesty was pleased to give his Confenc thereunto; and gave Order, That a Warrant be prepared for the same forthwith.

That the Earl of Kildare be, and hereby is discharged of the Order of this House, of the Two-and-twentieth of May 1660; whereby he was ordefed to give Security for the Forthcoming of certain Goods, therein mentioned to belong to Mr William Heveningham.

Resolved, That the several Sums of Money, charged on the Excise, for the Clerk, and other Officers, attending this House, as also for the Printers, Stationers, and Provost-Marshal, by several Orders sent up to the Lords, to which they have signified their Concurrence, do stand charged on the said Receipt, according to the Tenor thereof, by the Order of this House: And that the Commissioners of the Excise do forthwith pay the same accordingly; and charge the same to the Account of their incident Charges: And that the same shall be allowed upon their Account accordingly; viz.

Ordered, by the Commons, assembled in Parliament, That the Sum of Five hundred Pounds be forthwith paid to-such Person, as shall be appointed by Sir Harbottle Grimstone Baronet, Speaker of this House, to receive the same, to the Use of the Clerk of this House, the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, the Under-Clerks, and the other Officers under the Serjeant at Arms, for their Service and Attendance there this present Parliament: Andi Mr. Speaker is authorized and desired to distribute the said Five hundred Pounds amongst them, in such Proportions, with respect to their several Services, he shall think fit: And the Commissioners of the Excise are hereby authorized and required forthwith to make Payment thereof; and to charge the same to the Account of their incident Charges: And this Order, together with the Acquittance of the Person who shall be appointed to receive the lame, shall be* to the Commissioners of Excise, a sufficient Warrant and Discharge; and shall be allowed, upon their Account, accordingly.

Ordered, by the Commons, assembled in Parliament, That the Sum of Two hundred Seventy-seven Pound* Eleven Shillings and Four-pence be forthwith paid and satisfied unto Lancelot Emot, Provost-Marshal of sex, on the Behalf of himself, and his Six Men, for their Service in attending the Speaker of the Honourable House of Commons, for his Salary of One hundred Pounds per Annum, and Twelve-pence per Diem apiece, for said Six Men, due from the Twenty-seventh of May 1659, to die Fourth of this instant S; and that the said *Two hundred Seventy-seven Pounds Eleven Shillings and Four-pence be, and is hereby, charged upon the Receipt of the Grand Excise: And the Commissioners for the Excise are hereby authorized and required forthwith to pay and satisfy the said Two hundred Seventy-seven Pounds Eleven Shillings and Four-pence to the said or his

Assigns, accordingly; and to charge the same to the Account of their incident Charges: And the Acquittance of the said Lancelot Emot, or his Assigns, certifying the Receipt U 11 thereof.

thereof, shall be a sufficient Discharge to the said Commissioners in that Behalf , and the same shall be allowed, on their Account, accordingly.

Ordered, by the Commons, assembled in Parliament, That the Sum of One hundred Fifty-seven Pounds, due upon the Account of Edward Husbands, and Thomas Newcombs, Printers to this House, be forthwith paid and Satisfied unto them, or their Assigns; and that the said One hundred Fifty-seven Pounds be, and is hereby, charged upon the Receipt of the Grand Excise: And the Commissioners of Excise be and are hereby required and authorized forthwith to make Payment of the said One hundred Fifty-seven Pounds unto the said Edward,

and Thomas Newcombe, or their Assigns, accordingly;

and to charge the same to the Account of their incident Charges: And their Acquittance, testifying the Receipt thereof, shall be a sufficient Discharge to the said Com-ihissioners of Excise, in that Behalf; and the same shall be allowed, in their Account, accordingly.

: Ordered, by the Commons, assembled in Parliament, That the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, of good and lawful Money of England, be forthwith paid and satisfied unto Ralph Darnall Esquire, Clerk-Assistance to this House, or his Assigns, for his diligent and faithful Service in the said House, from the One-and-twentieth Day of February 1659, unto this Day; and that the said Two hundred Pounds be, and is hereby, charged upon the Receipt of the Grand Excise: And the Commissioners of the Excise be, and are hereby, authorized and required forthwith to pay and fktisfy the said Two hundred Pounds unto the said Ralph Darnall, or his Assigns, accordingly; and charge the same to the Account of their incident Charges; and that the same shall be allowed, upon their Account, accordingly.

Ordered, by the Commons, assembled in Parliament, That the several Sums of Two hundred and Thirteen Pounds, and Three hundred and Eighty* six Pounds, due unto John Owen Stationer, upon several Accounts, signed by the Speaker, and by the Clerk of the House of Commons; and allowed by the said House; shall be forthwith paid and satisfied unto the said John Owen, or his Assigns; and be, and is hereby, charged upon the Refceipt or the Grand Excise: And the Commissioners of Excise are hereby authorized and required forthwith to make Payment of the said several Sums of Two hundred and Thirteen Pounds, and Three hundred and Eighty-six Pounds, untd the said John Owen, or his Assigns, accordingly; and to charge the same to the Account of their incident Charges: And this Order, with the Acquittance or Acquittances of the said John Owen, or his Assigns, testifying the Receipt thereof, shall be a sufficient Warrant and Discharge in that Behalf: And the said Sums shall be allowed, on their Account, accordingly.

Ordered, by the Commons, assembled in Parliament, That the Sum of Sixty Pounds be allowed, and forthwith paid, unto James Norfolke Esquire, Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for several Contingencies since February 1659; and also the Sum of Fifty Pounds, for providing of Fire and Candles for the Use of the House of Commons, at their next Sitting: And that the said Sixty Pounds, and Fifty Pounds, be, and are hereby, charged upon the Receipt of the Grand Excise: And the Commissioners of the Excise are hereby required and authorized forthwith to make Payment of the said Sixty Pounds, and Fifty Pounds, unto the said James Norfolke, or his Assigns, accordingly; and to charge the same upon the Account Of their incident Charges: And this Order, together with the Acquittance of the said James Norfolk, or his Assigns, testifying the Receipt thereof, shall be a sufficient Warrant and Discharge in that Behalf; and the same shall be allowed, upon their Account, accordingly.

Mr. AnneJlej reports, That, according to the Order of this House, he had delivered to the Lords the Orders of this Day, concerning Edward Lightmaker, and the Forty thousand Pounds, charged on the Three Months Assessments for the Army: To which they signified their Con* currence.

Sir Wm. Doyly reports. That the Committee of the Army have prepared Lots for disbanding the Army; and put them into a Glass, which was now placed upon the Table: Also a List of the Regiments of Horse and Foot, and of the Garisons of England: Whish was read.

A Letter from the Lord General Monck to the Committee for the Army, dated the Eleventh of September instanr, concerning the not appointing, of his Life-Guard to come to the Lot, was read.

A Message from the Lords, by Dr. Bird and Mr. Hobart, Matters of the Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to return to you this explanatory Bill for the Poll-Money; to which the Lords have given their Concurrence.

The House being informed. That the Usher of the Black Rod was at the Door;

He was called in: And, coming up to the Middle of the House, he delivered this Message;

Mr. Speaker,

The King commanded me to call yourself, and the Members of this House, to him, presently, in the House of Lords.

Mr. Speaker, and the Members of this House, went to the Lords House, to attend his Majesty there; Mr. Speaker carrying with him the Act for Seventy thousand Pounds, for Supply of his Majesty'3 Occasions; the Act for Sevenfcore thousand Pounds, to complete the Disbanding of the Army, and towards paying Part of the Navy; and the Act for supplying and explaining some Defects in the Bill for Poll-Money.

Resolved, by the Lords and Commons, assembled ip Parliament, That the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds bn presented to her Highness the Princess Royal; and that the same be Charged upon the Excise, in Course, with Interest, after the Rate of Six Pounds per Cent.; and that the said Ten thousand Pounds be paid to the said Princess Royal, or her Assigns, next after the several Sums ordered to be paid to their Highnesses the Duke of Torke and Gloucester: And that the Commissioners of Excise hereby authorized to make Payment thereof accordingly.

Resolved, by the Lords and Commons, in Parliament assembled. That if Alderman Backwell, or any other Person, will advance the said Sum of Ten thousand Pounds; the same will be reputed an acceptable Service; and the same shall be repaid to the said Person or Persons, that shall advance the fame, with Interest, out of the Grand Excise, in the Method expressed in the former Order.

Ordered, That the Lords Concurrence be desired to these Votes. And the Lt>rd Herbert is to carry them to the Lords.

Resolved, That the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds be presented to her Majesty the Queen of Bohemia; and that the same be charged upon the Excise, in Course, with Interest, after Six per Cent.; and that the same be paid to her Majesty the Queen of Bohemia, or such as she shall appoint to receive the same, next after the Ten thousand Pounds charged on‘ the Excise for her Highness the Princess Royal: And the Commissioners of Excise are hereby required to make Payment thereof accordingly:

Ordered, That if Alderman Backwell, or any other Person, shall advance this Money; the same shall be an acceptable Service, and shall be repaid the fame, with Interest, out of the Grand Excise, in the Method expressed in the said former Order.

That the Lords Concurrence be desired to these Votes. And the Lord Herbert is to carry them to the Lords.

Resolved, That Four thousand Pounds be forthwith charged on the Receipt of the Excise, and paid, in the First Place, by the Commissioners of Excise, to Mr. Wm. Ashby, Treasurer for the Hospitals of the Savoy and Ely

All that follows from this Place, was transcribed from, and examined with, an accurate Transcript of this Journal, now in the Tempi* Library, by reason this Part in the Original is perished and loft.

House,

It Car. II. Journals of the House of Commons. 17J

House, for the Discharge of the poor, sick, and maimed Soldiers, and their Orphans and Widows belonging to the said Hospitals , and that the Committee to whom the Business of the said Hospitals is referred, do take Order for Paying and Distributing of the said Money among the said Persons; and, to that Purpose, to issue their Warrants to Mr. Ashby; who is to observe the same accordingly, and thereon to take their several Releases: And the said Committee are to fend down the said several Persons (upon receiving their Monies) into their respective Counties; recommending it to the Justices of the Peace, to take care for the disposing and providing for them according to Law.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to fit any time, during this Recess, for the putting this Order in Execution: And Sir Geo. Dow, Sir John Temple, Sir Edw. Majfey, Sir Fra. Gerrard, Mr. Sir John

Meers, and all the Citizens and Burgesses 'serving for the City of London, Westminster, and Borough of -

warke, are added to the said Committee.

The Lord Herbert reports. That he had delivered to the Lords the Two Orders, concerning the Princess Royal, and the Queen of Bohemia; and that the Lords gave Answer, That they concurred thereunto.

Resolved, That the Committee for Impropriate Reflo-ries do, against the Sitting of this House in November hext, prepare a State of all the Arrears of Monies, which . shall be due for Augmentations (heretofore granted to Ministers) upon the Twenty-ninth of September 1660; and to cause an Account of all Arrears, due for the Rents and Revenues of the said Redories, to be stated, whether remaining in the Hands of Receivers, Treasurers, or Tenants; and the Money thereupon due to be called in, and received; and put of the same to pay such Augmentations then due, as are not yet discharged, so far as the same shall extend unto: And the said Committee have Liberty to fit at any Time, during the Recess, for the putting of this Order in Execution.

Ordered, That Sir Tho. Meers, and Mr. /, be add-

ed to that Committee.

Resolved, That the Committee to whom the Business of Captives of Algier, and other Places, is referred, do,

against the Sitting of this House, in November next, prepare a State of the Cafes of the several Persons pretending an Interest in die Monies raised for Redemption of Captives; and to consider, what is fit to be done therein; and to report it to the House: And the said Committee have Power to meet from time to time, during the Recess, for putting this Order in Execution: And Mr. , as

allb the Citizens and Burgesses serving for the City of London and Westminster, and Borough of are

added to that Committee: And Sir John Frederick is desired to take care hereof.

Resolved, That the Commissioners for disbanding the Artny do attend his Majesty's Privy-Council this Afternoon, in order to the putting of the Act for disbanding of the Army in Execution: And Mr. Secretary Morris is desired to move the Lord Chancellor to be present; and that the Council may then fit: At which time the Glass, wherein the Lots of the Regiments are put, be then delivered to the Lord Chancellor.

Sir Anth.Ash. Cooper reports. That, according to the Order of this House, his Majesty had been attended with the humble Desires of this House, concerning the Court of Wards; to which his Majesty assented; as also with that concerning Ministers, which shall be removed by virtue of the Act touching Ministers; to which his Majesty gave a very gracious Return, that it should be done; and that he had given Order therein to the Lord Chancellor i who was exceeding forward in the Thing: That, at the same time, there was presented to his Majesty the Order concerning the Letting of Land, at the full Moiety of the Value; to which his Majesty gave. Answer, That

'5

he had given express Order to his Treasurer to the same Effetft, before the Message came, Leases being then upon Letting: And to That concerning the Timber in the Fared of Deane, and other his Demeliies and Forest, his Majesty expressed his kind Acceptance of the Desire of this House i and that he would give express Order therein accordingly.

Resolved, That the Members of this House who are of his Majesty's Privy-Council, be desired to return his Majesty the humble and hearty Thanks of this House, for his gracious Acceptance of the Desires of this House*

Resolved, That this House doth adjourn itself to the Sixth of November next.

The House adjourned iself till the Sixth of November next, Eight of the Clock.

His Majesty's Speech.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

T F my Presence here had hot been requisite, for the

Palling these many Bills, I did always intenfl to fee you together before your Adjournment, that I might again thank you, for the many good Things you have done for Me, and the Kingdom: And, in Truth, I do thank you more for what you have done for the Publick, than what you have done for my own Particular; and yet I do thank you too for That, with all my Heart: But, I confess to you, I do thank you more for the Provision you have made to prevent Free-Quarcer, during the time the Army shall be disbanding (which I take to be given for my S»-faction) than I do lor the other Present you have made Me, for my own particular Occasions: And I do promise you (which is the best Way I can take to gratify you) I will not apply One peoy of that Money to my own particular Occasions, what Shift lbever I make, till it is evident tp Me, that the Publick will not Hand in need of it: And, if I do, every Pehy of it shall be disbursed that Way; and, I dare say, I shall not be the poorer for it. I cannot but take notice of One particular Bill I have passed, which may seem of an extraordinary Nature, That concerning the Duke of Sotnerfet: But, you all know, it is for an extraordinary Person, who hath merited as much of the King my Father, and Myself, as a Subject can do: And I am none of those, who think, that Subjects, by performing their Duties in an extraordinary Manner, do not oblige their Princes to reward them in an extraordinary Manner: There can be no Danger from such a Prededent; and, I hope, no Man will envy him; because I have done what a good Mailer should do to such a Servant.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I will not deny to you, that I had iome Inclination, when I consented, upon your Desire, to your Recess,- to have made a Session; which I thought most agreeable to the ancient Order of Parliaments: And, I hope, you will all join with me, in reducing the Proceedings of Parliaments to the ancient Rules and Orders of Parliaments; the Deviation from which hath done us no Good: And, I think, there were never so many Bills passed together, as I have this Day given my Assent to, without a Session: But, upon the Desire and Reasons given by the House of Commons for an Adjournment without a Session, I did very willingly depart from that Inclination;

and do as willingly give you Leave, and direct you,

that you adjourn yourselves till the Sixth of November: When, I hope, you will all meet again; and, in the

mean time, that you will be all welcome to your Coun-

tries, and do much Service there. I have many other Particulars to (ay, and recommend to you; in which I cannot enough trull my own Memory: And, therefore,

I shall command the Chancellor to say the rest to you.

After his Majesty had ended his Speech, the Lord Chancellor said as follows:

This and the Chancellor's Speech have been compared with the

Orig inals bound up in the Journal of the House of Lords.

172. Journals of the House Commons. . ioooo.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

"p H E King tells you, that he hath commanded me to to say many Particulars to you: Arid the Truth is, he hath charged me with so many, that I have great Reason to fear, that I shall Hand in much need of, his Mercy, for omitting many things he hath given me in Command; at lead, for delivering them in more Disorder and Con-Fufion, than Matters of such Moment and Importance ought to be to such an Assembly; for which the King himself hath even a kind of Reverence, as well as an extraordinary Kindnefsi I am to mention some Things he hath done already, and many Things he intends to do* during this Recess, that you may fee (how well content soever He is, that you should have Ease, and Pleasure, and Refreshment) He hath designed Work enough for Himself.

The King hath thanked you for the Provision you have made, that there may be no Free-Quarter during the time the Army shall be disbanding; and hath told you, what he will do with that Money you have given him, if there should be Want wherewithal to disband it.

And: now, I hope, you will all believe, that his Majesty will consent to the Disbanding.

He will do so; and yet he does not take it unkindly at their Hands, who have thought that his Majesty would not disband this Army: It was a sober and a rational Jealously: No other Prince in Europe would be willing to disband such an Army; an Army to which Victory is entailed; and which (humanly speaking) could hardly fail of Conquest wherefo-ever he should lead it: And, if God had not restored his Majesty to that rare Felicity, as to be without Apprehem fion of Danger at Home, or from Abroad, and without any Ambition of taking from his Neighbours what they 'are possessed of; Himself would never disband this Army; an Army, whose Order and Discipline, whole Sobriety and Manners, whose Courage and Success, hath made it famous and terrible over the World; an Army of which the King, and his Two Royal Brothers, may say, as the noble Grecian said of Mneas;

—— Stetimus tela aspera,

Contulimufque mams: Experto quantus

In clypeum affurgat, quo tu baftam.

They have all Three, in several Countries, found themselves engaged, in the midst of these Troops, in the Heat and Rage of Battle; and, if any Common Soldier (as, no doubt, many may) will demand the old Romans Privilege for having encountered Princes single; upon my Confidence, he will find both Favour and Preferment. They have all Three observed the Discipline, and felt, and admired, and loved the Courage of this Army, when they were the worse for it: And I have fcen them, in a Season, when there was little else of Comfort in their View, refresh themselves with Joy, That th had done the great Work; The English had got the Day; and then please themselves with the Imagination, what Wonders they should perform in the Head of such an Army* And -therefore, when his Majesty is so entirely poffdfecj of the Affection and Obedience of this Army, and when it hath merited so much from him, can it be believed, or imagined, that he can, without some Regret, part with them

No, my Lords and Gentlemen; he will never part with them: And the only sure Way never to part with them, is to disband them. Should it be otherwise, they must be exposed to the daily Importunity of his great Neighbours and Allies: And how could he refuse to lend them his Troops, of which he hath no Use himself"

His Majesty knows, they are too good Englishmen to wish, that a Standing Army should be kept up in the Bowels of their own Country: That they who did but hello pads gerere nego(iumt and who, whilst an Army,

,lived like good Husbandmen in the Country, and good Citizens in the City, will now become really such; and take Delight in the Benefit of that Peace they have so honestly and lb wonderfully brought to pals.

The King will part with them, as the most indulgent Parents part with their Children, for their Education, and for their Preferment: He will prefer them to Disbanding,

2

and prefer them by Disbanding; and will always retain such a Kindness for them, and such a Memory of the Service they have done him, that both Officers and Soldiers, after they are disbanded, shall always find such Countenance, Favour, and Reward, from his Majesty, that he doubts not but, if he should have Occasion to use their Service,- they will again resort to him, with the same Alacrity, as if they had never been disbanded: And if there be any so ill amongst them (as there can be but very few, if any) who will forfeit that Favour arid Protection they may have from him, by any withstanding his Majesty's Commands, and the full and declared Sense of the Kingdom; his Majesty is confident, they will be as odious to their Companions, as they can be to any other honest Men.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I am, in the next Place, by the King's Command, to put you in mind of the Act of Indemnity: Not of any Grants, or Concessions, or Releases, he made to you in that Act; I have nothing of that in Charge; no Prince hath so excellent a Memory, to forget the Favours he does: But of what he hath done against you in that Act; how you may be undone by that Act, if you are not very careful to perform the Obligations he hath laid upon you in it. The Clause I am to put you in mind of, is this: " And to the Intent and Purpose, -that all Names and Terms of Distinction may be like-wife put into utterOblivion, Be it further Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, with- in the Space of Three Years next ensuing, shall presume maliciously to call, or allege, or object, against any other Person or Persons, any Name or Names, or other Words of Reproach, any way tending to revive the Memory of the late Differences, or the Occasion thereof; that then every such Person, so, as aforesaid, offending, shall forfeit, &c." It is no matter for the Penalty; it is too cheap

a one: The King wishes it had been greater; and therefore hath, by his just Prerogative (and it is well for us he hath such a Prerogative), added another Penalty, more insupportable, even his high Displeasure, against all who shall swerve from this Clause in the Act.

Give me Leave to tell you, that, as any Name or Names, or other Words of Reproach, are expressly against the Letter, and punishable accordingly; so evil and envious Looks, murmuring and discontented Hearts, are as directly against the Equity of this Statute; a direct Breach of the Act of Indemnity; and ought to be punished too; and, I believe, they may be so. You know Kings are, in some Sense, called Gods; and so they may, in some Degree, be able to look into Mens Hearts; and God hath given us a King, who can look as far into Mens Hearts, as any Prince alive: And he hath great Skill in Physiognomy too . You would wonder what Calculations he hath made from thence; and, no doubt, if he be provoked, by evil Looks, to make a further Inquiry into Mens Hearts, and finds those corrupted with the Passions of Envy and Uncharitableness, he will never chuse those Hearts to trust and rely upon.

He hath given us a noble and princely Example, by opening and stretching his Arms to all who are worthy to be his Subjects, worthy to be thought Englishmen; by extending his Heart, with a pious, and a grateful Joy, to find all his Subjects at once in his Arms, and himself in theirs: And shall we fold our Arms towards one another, and contract our Hearts with Envy and Malice to each other, by any sharp Memory of what hath been un-neighbourly and unkindly done heretofore

What is this but to rebel against the Person of the King, against the excellent Example and Virtue of the King, against the known Law of the Land, this blessed Act of Oblivion ? ,

My Lords and Gentlemen,

The King is a Suitor to you; makes it his Suit very heartily, that you will join with him in restoring the whole Nation to its primitive Temper and Integrity, to its old good Manners, its old good Humour, and its old good Nature; Good Nature! a Virtue so peculiar to you, so

appro-

12 Gar. II. Journals of the House Commons*. 175

appropriated to God Almighty, to this Nation ,that it can be translated into no other Language; hardly practised by any other People: And that you will, by your Example, by the Candour of your Conversetion, by your Precepts, and by your Practice, and by all your Interests, teach your Neighbours, and your Friends, how to pay a full Obedience to this Clause of the Statute, how to learn this excellent Art of Forgetfulness. Let them remember, and let us all remember, how ungracious, how indecent, how ugly, the Insolence, the Fierceness, the Brutishness of their Enemies appeared to them: And we may piously and reasonably believe, that God's Indignation against them, for their want of Bowels, for their not being Eng-lijlmen (for they had the Hearts of Pagans and Infidels), sent a Whirlwind in a Moment to blow them out of the World , that is, out of a Capacity to do more Mischief in the World; except we practise their Vices, and do That ourselves, which we pretend to detest them for. Let us not be too much ashamed, as if what hath been done amiss proceeded from the Humour and the Temper and the Nature of our Nation.

The Astrologers have made us a fair Excule; and, truly, I hope, a true one: All the Motions of these last Twenty Years have been unnatural, and have proceeded from the evil Influence of a malignant Star; and let us not too much despise the Influence of the Stars: And the same Astrologers assure us, that the Malignity of that Star is expired; the good Genius of this Kingdom is become superior, and hath mattered that Malignity; and our own good old Stars govern us again: And their Influence is so strong, that, with our Help, they will repair in a Year, what hath been decaying in Twenty; and they only shall have no Excuse from the Star, who continue their Malignity, and own all the 111, that is past, to be their own, by continuing and improving it, for the Time to come.

If any body here, or any-where else, be too much exalted with what he hath done, or what he hath suffered, and from thence thinks himself warranted to reproach others; let him remember the Story of Nicephorus: it is an excellent Story, and very applicable to such Dif-tempers: He was a pious and religious Man; and, for his Piety and Religion, was condemned to the Fire. When lie was led to Execution, and when an old Friend, who had done him Injury enough, fell at his Feet, and asked his Pardon; the poor Man was so elated with the Triumph he was going unto, with the Glory of Martyrdom, that he refused to be reconciled unto him: Upon which he was disappointed of his End; and, for this Uncharitable-ness, the Spirit of God immediately forlbok him; and he apostatized from the Faith. Let all those who are too proud of having been, as they think, less faulty than other Men, and so are unwilling to be reconciled to those who have offended, take heed of the Apostasy of Nicephorus; and that those Fumes of Envy, and Uncharitablenels, and Murmuring, do not so far transport and intoxicate them, that they fall into those very Crimes they value themselves for having hitherto declined.

But, my Lords and Gentlemen,

Whilst we conspire together to execute faithfully this Part of the Bill, to put all old Names and Terms of Distinction, into utter Oblivion; let us not find new Thames and Terms to keep up the fame, or a worse Di-llindtion. If the old Reproaches of Cavalier, and Round-head, and Malignant, be committed to the Grave, let us not find more significant and better Words to signify worse things: Let not Piety and Godlinefe grow into Terms of Reproach, and distinguish between the Court, and the City, and the Country; and let not Piety and God-liness be measured by a Morofity in Manners, an Affectation of Gesture, a new Mode and Tone of {peaking; at least, let our Constitutions and Complexions make us be thought of a contrary Party; and, because we have not an affected Austerity in our Looks, that we have not Piety in our Hearts. Very merry Men have been very godly Men; and, if a good Confidence be a continual Feast, there is no Reason but Men may be very merry at it.

You, Mr. Speaker, have this Day made a noble Present to tire King: Do you think, that, if you, and your worthy

Companions, had brought it up with folded Arms, down-cast Looks, with Sighs, and other Instances of Desperation, it would not have been a very melancholy Present ? Have not your frank and dutiful Expressions, that Chear-fulness and Vivacity in your Looks, rendered it much more acceptable, much more valuable

No Prince in Christendom loves a chearful Giver, fb well as God Almighty does; and he, of all Gifts, a chearful Heart: And therefore, I pray, let not a cloudy and disconsolate Face be the only, or the best. Sign of Piety and Devotion in the Heart. I must ask you Pardon for misplacing much of this Discourse; which I should have mentioned, when I came to speak ‘of the Ministers Bill: They, I hope, will endeavour to remove these new Marks of Distinction and Reproaches, and keep their Auditories from being imposed upon by Inch Characters and Descriptions. The King hath passed this Act very willingly, and done much to the End of this Act before; yet hath willingly admitted you to be Sharers and Partners with him in the Obligation.

I may fey confidently. His Majesty hath never denied his Confirmation to any Man in Possession, who hath asked it; and they have all had the Effect of it, except such, who, upon Examination and Inquiry, appear not worthy of it; and such, who though they are pardoned, cannot yet think themselves worthy to be preferred. His Majesty well knows, that, by this Act, he hath gratified and obliged many worthy and pious Men, who have contributed much to his Restoration, and who shall always receive fresh Evidence of his Majesty's Favour and Kind-ness; but he is not sure, that he may not likewise have gratified some, who did neither contribute to his coming in, nor are yet glad that he is in.

How comes it elle to pals, that he receives such frequent Information of seditious Sermons in the City, and in the Country; in which all Industry is used, to alienate the AffeClions of the People, and to infuse Jealousies into them of the King, and his Government

They talk of introducing Popery, of evil Counsellors, and such other old Calumnies as are pardoned by this Act of Indemnity.

His Majesty told you, when he was last here, what Rigour and Severity he will hereafter use, how contrary soever it is to his Nature, in these Cafes; and conjured you, my Lords and Gentlemen, to concurr with him in this just and necessary Severity: Which, I am sure, you will do with your utmost Vigilance; and that you will believe, that too much 111 cannot befal those, who do the best they can to corrupt his Majesty's Nature, and to extinguish his Mercy.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I told you, I was to acquaint you with some things his Majesty intends to do during this Recess; that you may fee, he will give no Intermission to his own Thoughts for the publick Good, though for a time he dispenles. with your Assistance.

He doth consider the infinite Importance the Improvement of Trade must be to this Kingdom; and therefore his Majesty intends forthwith to establish a Council of Trade, confiding of some principal Merchants of the several Companies; to which he will add some Gentlemen of Quality and Experience; and, for their greater Honour and Encouragement, some of my Lords of his own Privy Council.;

In the next Place, His Majesty hopes, that, by a well-settled Peace, and God's great Blessing upon him and you, this Nation will, in a ftiort time, flourish to that Degree, that the Land of Canaan did, when Esau found it necessary to part from his Brother , for their Riches'were more than that they might dwell together; and the Land, wherein they were, could not bear them, because of their Cattle.

We have been ourselves very near this Pinacle of Happiness; and the Hope and Contemplation, that we may be so again, disposes the King to be very sollicitous for the Improvement and Prosperity of his Plantations Abroad; where there is such large Room for the Industry and Reception of such who shall desire to go thither: And there- X x - fore

fore his Majesty likewise intends to erect and establish a Council for those Plantations; in which Persons well qualified will be wholly intent upon the Good and Advancement of those Plantations.

There are Two other Particulars, which I am commanded to mention, which were both mentioned and recommended to you by his Majesty, in his Declaration from Breda: The one for the Confirmation of Sales, or other Recompense for Purchasers; the other, for composing those Differences and Distempers in Religion, which have too much disturbed the Peace of the Kingdom: Two very weighty Particulars! in which his Majesty knows you have spent much Time; and concerning which, he should have heard from you before this Time, if you had ,not met with great Difficulties in the Disquisition of either. Bor the lirft, His Majesty hath not been without much Thought upon the Argument, and hath done much towards the Accommodation of many particular Persons: And you shall not be at your Journey's End, before his Majesty will put that Business, concerning Sales, into such a way of Dispatch, that he doubts not you will find a good Progress made in it, before your coming together again: And I believe, the Persons concerned will be very1 much to blame, if they receive not good Satisfaction; and some of you, who stay in Town, shall be advised and . consulted with in that Settlement.

The other, of Religion, is a fad Argument indeed: It is a Consideration, that must make every religious Heart to bleed, to fee Religion, which should be the strongest Obligation, and Cement of Affection, and brotherly Kindness and Compassion, made now by the perverse Wranglings of passionate andfroward Men, the Ground of all Animosity, Hatred, Malice, and Revenge: And this unruly and unmanly Passion (which, no Question, the Divine Nature exceedingly abhorrs) sometimes, and, I fear, too frequently, transports those who are in the Right, as well as those who are in the Wrong; and leaves the latter more excusable than the former, when Men, who find their Manners and Dispositions very conformable in all the necessary Obligations of human Nature, avoid one another's Conversation, and grow first unsociable, and then uncharitable, to each other, because one cannot think as the other doth: And from this Separation we intitle God to the Patronage of, and Concernment in our Fancies and Distinction; and purely for his Sake, hate one another heartily. It was not so of old, when one of the most ancient Fathers of the Church tells us, that Love and Charity was so signal and eminent in the Primitive Christians, that it even drew Admiration and Envy from their Adversaries; Vide, inquiunt, ut invicemfe diligant. Their Ad-

versaries, in That in which they most agreed, in their very Prosecution of them, had their Passions and Animo-fities amongst themselves: They were only Christians that loved, and cherished, and comforted, and were ready to die for one another. Quid nunc illi dicerent Christiani, ft nojlra viderent temporal fays the incomparable

How would they look upon our sharp and virulent Contentions in the Debates of Christian Religion, and the bloody Wars th&t have proceeded from those Contentions, whilst every one pretended to all the Marks, which are to attend upon the true Church; except, only That, which is inseparable from it, Charity to one another

My Lords and Gentlemen,

This Disquisition hath cost the King many a Sigh, many a fad Hour, when he hath considered the almost irreparable Reproach the Protestant Religion hath undergone, from the Divisions and Distractions, which have been so notorious within this Kingdom. What Pains he hath taken to compose them, after several Discourses with learned and pious Men of different Persuasions, you will shortly fee by, a Declaration he will publish upon that Occasion: By which you will fee his great Indulgence to those, who can have any Pretension from Confeience to differ with their Brethren: And I hope'God will so bless the Candour of his Majesty, in the Conddcensions he ipakes, that the Church, as well as the State, will return to that Unity and Unanimity, which will make both King and People as happy, as they can hope to be in fjiis World.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I shall conclude with the King's hearty Thanks to you, not only for what you have done towards him* which hath been very signal, but for what you have done towards each other, for the excellent Correspondence you have maintained, for the very seasonable Deference and Condefeension you have had for each other; which will restore Parliaments to the Veneration they ought to have: And, since his Majesty knows, that you all desire to please him (you have given him ample Evidence, that you do); folie hath appointed me to give you a sure Receipt to attain that good End: It is a Receipt of his own Prescribing; and therefore is not like to fail: Be but pleased yourselves, and persuade others to be so; contrive all the Ways imaginable for your own Happiness, and you will make him the best pleased, and the most happy Prince in the World.

The Speech, which the Speaker of the House of Commons made unto the King, the Thirteenth of September 1660, the Day of their Adjournment.

Most Gracious and Royal Sovereign;

YOUR Commons, the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, have commanded me to present Your Majesty with the Sacrifices of their Hearts most humbleThanks for their often and frequent Admissions unto Your Royal Presence; and for the Freedom You have been pleased to allow them, upon all Otcafions, of making their Wants and Desires known unto Your Majesty.

Sir,

This Royal Favour, and Fatherly Kindness, unto Your People, hath naturalized their Affections to Your Person, and their ODedience to Your Precepts: And as it is their Duty, so it is their Desires, to manifest and evidence the Truth and Reality thereof, by supporting and upholding that Grandeur and Splendor, which is due to the Majesty of so meritorious a Prince, as You Yourself: And therefore they have resolved, mo , contra-

dicente, to make up Your Royal Majesty's constant and ordinary Revenue Twelve hundred thou land Pounds Annum.

But, finding, as to some Part of the Settlement of that Revenue, that there will be a Necessity of making use of the Legislative Power; and that the Bills, already brought into the House for that Purpose, cannot possibly be perfected, dispatched, and made ready, for Your Royal Assent, until the next Meeting of Your Houses of Parliament again; therefore they have taken into their Consideration Your Majesty's present Supply: And, first, how to raise it in the most expeditious Way, to answer Your Majesty's present Occasions; and, then, how to lay it, with the most Ease and Equality, upon Your People: And, at last, wrapped up their Affections to Your Majesty, and the Trust reposed in them by the People, in one of these Bills here in my Hand, intituled, An Act for the speedy Raising of One hundred thousand Pounds, for the present Supply of Your Majesty, to be levied by way of Land-Rate, within the Space of Orte Month, to begin the Twenty-ninth of this instartt , and to be paid

in to Your Majesty's Exchequer before the End of October following.

Sir,

They have likewise passed another Bill, with Rules and Instructions, to impower and direct Your Commissioners, how, and in what Manner, to disband Your Army and Garisons, and to pay off some Part of Your Fleet, and to begin with those Ships now in Harbour: But, not knowing for certain, what the Monies upon the Poll- Bill, which is designed for that Purpose, will be sufficient fully to defray that Charge; and being unwilling, that any thing should be wanting, on their Parts, to perfeCl and complete so good a Work, so acceptable to Your Majesty, and so grateful to all Your People; they have passed another Act for raising One hundred and Forty thousand Pounds, Seventy thousand Pounds per to begin

the First of November, and to be paid to Your Majesty's Treasurers, in that Bill nominated and appointed, before the Twenty-fifth Day of-Dece next ensuing: Both I which

11 Car. IL journals of the

which Bills I am commanded, in the Name of Your Commons, humbly to present Your Majesty withal; and to pray Your gracious Acceptance thereof, and Your Royal A {Tent thereunto.

Sir,

There are other Bills likewise, which wait and attend lor Your Royal Assent; one, intituled, An Act for regulating the Bay-Trade; which is the only way to keep up the Credit of That, which at this time is in some Danger to be loft. When the Credit of Trade begins to decline, the Trade itself decays with it, and is never long-lived after it.

Sir,

Many Thousands of Your People depend wholly upon that Trade for their Livelihood, and Sustenance of them and their Families r And as the Loss of that Trade would be a great Damage unto Your People, so Your Majesty would likewise find the Loss of it in Your Customs: for that Commodity hath its Vent in Spain and Portugal., from whence we have always rich and quick Returns: And, to prevent the Loss of both, both Prince and People, that Bill is humbly tendered to Your Majesty.

Sir,

There is another Bill, intituled, An Act for encoutage-ing and increasing Shipping and Navigation; which will enable Your Majesty to give the Law to Foreign Princes, abroad, as Your Royal Predecessors have done before You: And it is the only way to enlarge Your Majesty's Dominions all over the World; for, folong as Your Majesty is Master at Sea, Your Merchants will be welcome where-ever they come; and that is the easiest Way of conquering, and the chiefest Way of making whatsoever is, theirs: And when it is ours, Your Majesty cannot want it.

Sir,

There is. another Bill, intituled, An Act for restoring some Ministers into' their Places, out of which they have been long and injuriously ejected and exposed; and for the confirming others in vacant Places. Crazy Titles need Your Majesty's Help, as much as crazy Bodies need the Help of Physicians: And what Your Majesty hath already done, in that Kind, to this Parliament, and what You are now about to do, and what You have ever expressed Your Readiness, if we could be as ready to receive, as Your Majesty is to give, we hope to vanish and banish all Fears and Jealousies but of Mens Minds for the future; and teach them how, with much Confidence and Chntentedness, to rest, and wholly rely upon Your Majesty's Grace and Goodness, for what may be thought further necessary to be done hereafter, when a fitting Opportunity shall be offered, at the next Meeting of Your Houses of Parliament.

, Royal Sir,

We humbly beg Your Pardon for making thus bold with Your Patience; and therefore, to pretermit, and pass over, some other such Bills, which are not of such publick Concernment as those I have already mentioned, we most humbly crave Your Majesty's Favour and Leave ter conclude all our Work, at this time, with that which is our Delight, as well as our Duty, to pray for Your Majesty's long Life, and happy, blessed, and proljperous' Reign over us.

After which the House Returned; and, according to his Majesty's Leave and Direction, adjourned themselves till the Sixth Day of November next.

And they adjourned to the Sixth of November accordingly

'Tuesday, 6° Novetriher, 1660-

Prayers.

f\Rdered, That a hew Writ be issued, for the Election of a Member to lerve in this present Parliament for the City of Hereford, in the place of Sir Roger Bosworth,

Houlfe of ComtnonS. ijf

deceased: And that Mr. Speaker do issue a Warrant id the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, for Preparing of a Writ to that Purpose: Which the Lord Chancellor is to pass and issue under the Great Seal of England accordingly.

Ordered, That the Sum of Ten thousand Pound be presented to her Royal Highness the Princess as a Testimony of the great Respect of this House to her Royal Highness; And that the same to be paid for her Highness' Use, to such as she shall appoint to receive the same, at the Receipt of Excise, in Course, after the Payment of the Ten thousand Pounds, formerly presented to the Princess Royal, together with Interest for the fame; at Six per Cent, till the Principal shall be satisfied: And the Commissioners of the Excise are impowered and required to pay the same accordingly.

Ordered, That it be referred to a Committee; to pre- pare the Draught of a Petition to be presented to his Majesty, for appointing a Day of Publick Faffing and Humiliation, upon the present Debate: And that Sir Walter Earle, Mr. Knightly, Sir Antb. , Mr.

ford., Lord Bruice, Mr. Hollis* Lord Mr.

Lord Mansfeild, Mr. Stroade, Mn Powell, Lord Herbert

Sir Scl. Swayle, Mr. Clifford, Sir William Wheeler, Mr. Stephens, Sir Lancelot Lake, Mr. Mr. Powell, Mr. Wendy, Sir Gilb. Gerard, Mr. Prinn, Sir George Mr. Baker, Mr. Bampfield, Sir Edw. Manfell, Mr.

Sir Fran. Gerard, Mr. Thornton, be the hid Committee: And they are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber* at Two of the Clock this Afternoon.

Ordered, That an humble Addfels be made to the Queen's Majesty* in the Name of this House, to express the great Joy and Contentment taken by this House in hef Majesty's lafe Return to England.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Members of this House who are of his Majesty's Privy-Council, to communicate the same to her Majesty: And they are also desired to represent the like Sense of this House, in relation to her Highness the Princess Royal* and her Highness the Princess Henrietta.

That it be referred to a Committee, to prepare and bring in a Bill for settling the Militia of this Kingdom; viz. to Mr. Knightly, Serjeant Charlton, Sir John North* colt, Mr. Powell, Mr. Prinn* Sir Wm. Lewes, Sir Sol.

Swayle, Mr* Secretai7 Morris, Sir Walter Earle, Lord Bruice, Mr. Marvell, Mr. Pym, Mr. Clifford, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Ferrers, Mr. Jolliff, Lord Herbert, Mr. Cour-top, Mr. Hollis, Serjeant Brow, Sir Henage Finch, Serjeant Rainsford, Mr. Wendy, Mr. Perripont, Sir Edw.

Maffey, Mr. Attfley, Sir Edmond Boyer, Mr.

Sir Wm. Vincent, Sir Antb. Irby, Mr. Lowther: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And Mr. Knightly is desired to take care of it.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Apportioning of the Ppe hundred thousand Pounds per upon the Counjies,_ jn Compensation..for. the Court of Wards, do make their Report on Thursday next.

Ordered, That this House be Called on this Day Seven--night.

Ordered, That the Cleric of the Crown do speedily return, to this HdufcJ a perfect Lift of the Names of all the Members of this House, serving in this present Parliament.

Ordered, That, upon the Calling of this House, this Day Sevennight* Consideration be hadj whether all the Members, that fit in this House, have taken the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance.

Ordered,

Ordered, That a new Writ be issued, for Election of a Me 1 iii> i to ltrve in this present Parliament for the Boro*-,g:i of Tiverton in the County in the place

of Mr. Coleman, deceased: And that Mr. Speaker do issue

but his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, to prepare a Writ for that Purpose: Which the Lord Chancellor is to issue and pass under the Great Seal of England accordingly.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill for better Observation of the Lord's Day is referred, do make their Report on Friday next.

Mr. Prinn reports a Bill, for Levying of the Arrears of the Twelve Months Assessment, commencing the Twenty-fourth of June 1659 , and the Six Months Assessment, commencing the Twenty-fifth of December 1659.

Which was read the First and Second time-, and committed to S\rWm.Morris, Mr. Chafe, Mr. Prynn, Sir John

Northcot, Mr. Harris, Mr. Goodrich, Sir Boyer, Mr.

Shaw, Sir Fran. Gerard, Mr. Tong, Wheeler, Mr.

Courtop, Dr. Cleyton, Mr. Pedley, Lord Herbert, Sir Sol. Swayle, Sir Ant. Irby, SixrTbo. Peyton, Sir Henage Finch, Mr. Delves, Mr. Stevens, Sit Allen Broadrick, Mr. Lowder, Mr. Anjley, Mr. Knightly, Mr. Spry, Mr. Tho. Moore, Sir

Edw. Turner, Sir Wm. Vincent, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Clifford, Mr. RMr. Huxley, Mr. Sparks, Sir Walt.Earle, Sir Geo. Booth, Mr. Hide, Mr.

Henly, Mr. Tomkins: And they are to meet in the Inner Court of Wards, at Two of the Clock this Afternoon.

The Clerk gives an Account to the House, of the Bills depending in the House, at their last Adjournment.

Refokcd, by the Commons of England, in Parliament assembled ( nominecontradicente). That the humble and

hearty Acknowledgment and Thanks of this House be presented to his Majesty by the whole House, for his Majesty's gracious and tender Care and Indulgence expressed to his People, in his late gracious Declaration, concerning Ecclesiastical Affairs: And that his Majesty be humbly

moved to appoint a Time and Place, where and when this House may attend him for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the Members of this House who are of the King's Majesty's Privy-Council, are desired to attend his Majesty from this Hqufe, humbly to desire his Majesty to appoint a Time and Place accordingly.

Resolved, That it be referred to a Committee, to take into Consideration his Majesty's gracious Declaration concerning Ecclesiastical Affairs-, and to bring in a Bill, in such Form as they shall find meet, for the Making of the same effectual: And that Serjeant Hales, Serjeant Charlton, Mr. Hollis, Sir Wm. Wild, Mr. Stevens, Mr. Thurland, Serjeant Browne, Sir Henage Finch, Sir Edw. Turner, Mr. Anjley, Serjeant Maynard, be the Committee: And they are to meet on Thurs next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in Mr. Speaker's Chamber.

Resolved, That it be referred to a Committee, to inform themselves, what Form of Prayer hath been heretofore used in this House -, and to present it to the House .* Viz.to Sir Walter Earle, Six Wm. Wheeler,

Sir William Wild, Sir Henry , Mr. Anjley, Dr.

Cleyton, Sir Antb. Irby, Mr. Prynn, Sir John Sir Edw. Turner, Mr. Hollis, Mr. And they are to meet in Mr. Speaker's Chamber, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, on Thursday next.

Sir William Doylie reports from the Committee for dif-banding the Army, what Progress hath been made in that Service, declaring what Forces they have paid off; what Sums have been paid to every particular Garison, Regiment, Troop, and Company, and for discharging of Ships -, as also what Forces are not paid off; with an Estimate what Money will be necessary to pay off the Land Forces, to the Sixth of November instant, and the Ships to the Seventeenth of September last: And what Money, both certain andcafual, the Parliament hath consigned to those Uses, with a Balance between the Chargp and the Money consigned: The Substance whereof is as followeth; viz.

Disbanded in England.

Twenty-two Garisons, - - —

General Officers with the Train, - — —

Fifteen Regiments of Foot, ——

Four Regiments of Horse, — — — — . —

Six Ships paid off, ——

Disbanded in Scotland.

The General Officers and Train, - —

Edinburgh Garison, ——

Two Regiments of Foot, ——

One Regiment of Hotfe, - — -

Forces to be disbanded in England.

Eleven Garisons, - —

Three Regiments of Foot, - —

Nine Regiments of Horse, with the Life-Guard of Horse, — — - — Nineteen Ships, by Estimate, - —

Forces to be disbanded in Scotland, or paid off. Garisons, ——

Four Regiments of Foot, - — —

Major-General Morgan' % Troop, . — — —

Lord Falkland*s Regiment of Horse, < ——

Besides divers Sums falling under several Heads, in the said Report specified.

I s. d. I s. d.

20023 18 7 ' )

1642 13 6 1

117966 00 ^217986 03 9

55353 11 2 1

23000 00 0 1

797 11 3\] f

206 20149 O O - 32416 14

11263 10 9 J

250402 18 5f

13877 04 0 7

393o8 168416 13 08 .0 35973* 15 10

138132 10 0 J \

3118 00 21 )

48685 3636 19 08 0 i° < ► 75681 14 6

20241 06 6 J 1

Total, 435416 10 4

23000

Monies appointed by Parliament, to pay off the Forces by Land and Sea. Assignations on the Three Months Assessments, commencing 24 June"

By the Poll- Bill, estimafed at — — —; —

Two Months Assessments, ——

— - — 40000

— — 210000

— — 140000

413000 00 o

413000 00

So

So there wants; to answer the Sum paid, and the Charge of the Forces to be disbanded,

amounting, together, to 685,819I. 8 s. 9 d. the Sum of 1 -

Besides the said other Sums from casual and uncertain Charges, estimated at

And so the Mohey to be provided oh the clear Balance is, . ——

The Total of the Monthly Charge, by Land and Sea, in England and Scotland, undifbanded, 1 g is, by the said Report, computed at - ..... — j 3 53

He also reports an Account of the Monies received into the Treasury of the Chamber of

London, at Guildhall, upon the Account of die Poll- Bill, amounting to ——

Received upon the Loan, ——

In

Of which paid by the fiook, - -

Resting in Cash, to balance, ——

Which said last mentioned Account was read.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider of the Poll- Bill, and of the Defects therein; and to prepare and bring in a Bill for supplying of what shall be found defective, so as the publick Service, thereby, intended, may be best advanced; and that Sir Anth. Ashly Cooper, Sir John Northcott, Mr. Tong, Mr. Stevens, Sir Tho. Clegis, Sir Edw, Betring\ Sir Meeres, Sir Ed-

ward Turner, Lord Bruice, Sir John Rolles, Mr. Thomas, Serjeant Rainsford, Sir Lancelot Lake, Mr. Chafe, Mr. Pedley, Mr. Anjley, Mr. Secretary Morris, Sir Sal. , Mr. Prim , Mr. Lowther, Mr. Mr. Hele,

Mr. Barton, Serjeant Charlton, Lord Howard, Sir Win. Wheeler, Mr. Bampfeild, Mr. Crew, Mr. Clifford, Mr. Peckham, Mr. Wendy, Sir Allen Brodericke, Colonel Archer, Lord Falkland, Serjeant Glynn: And they are to meet in Mr. Speaker's Chamber, Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Aftemooh.

177

/. s. d.

{272,819 08 9t

150,000 00 0

422,819 08 9*

} 32>653 12 O

} 73>*85 04 O

24>445 OO O

97,630 04 O

86,376 15 4

- n,253 08 8

dleton, Mr, Earnley, Sir Hen. Telverton, Lord Auhgieti Mr. Clifford, Mr. Merricke, Sir Edw. Serjeant

Maynard, Serjeant Hales: Who are to meet on Friday next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer-Chamber and to make a speedy Report thereof to this House.

Ordered, That the Lords Concurrence be desired to the Order of Yesterday, for presentingTen.thousand Pounds to her Highness the Princess Henrietta: And

That the Lord Ancram do carry it to the Lords.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Business of Captives is referred, be and hereby is revived.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Business of his Majesty's Revenue is referred, be and hereby is revived.

Wednesday, vii'h November, 1660.

Prayers.

SI R Thomas Clergys reports, from the Committee for Privileges and Elections, the same upon the double Return for the Borough of Helfton in the County of Cornwall; wherein the Question was, whether the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough ought to be made by the Freemen alone, or by all the Inhabitants -, and that, upon Examination of the Matter, it appeared to the Committee, that all the Inhabitants of Helfton have Right to deft for the said Borough; and that Mr. Francis Godolphin, and Sir Peter Killegrew, being eholen by the Inhabitants in general, are duly chosen t And, thereupon, offered their Opinion, that the said Mr. Godolphin, and Sir Peter Killegrew, ought to fit in this House; and that the Indenture by which Mr. Thomas Robinson (who was chosen by the Freemen alone) is returned to lerve for the said Borough, -be vacated, and taken oft' the File.

Resolved, That this Business be recommitted so the Committee for Privileges and Elections , to consider of the Matters offered on the present Debate, and to make a speedy Report to the House; and, in order thereunto, to meet en the usual Days.

A Bill for preventing the Exportation of Wool, Wool-fells, MortHngs, Shorhngs, Woollen Yam, Wool-flocks, Fullers Earth, and Fulling Clay, -was this Day read the Second time; and committed to Mr. , Sir Anth.

Irby, Sir Walter Erie, Sir Wm. Wheeler, Mr.

Mr. Knight, Mr. Tonge, Sir John Northeot, Mr. Hele, Lord Ancram, Mr. Bampfeild, Sir John Rolle, Sir Henry Chomley, Alderman Barnard, Mr. Spry, Mr. Henley, Mr. Wingfeild, Sir Hen. Williams, Mr. Sir Tho. Wid-

drington. Sir Samuel Jones,- Serjeant Browne, Sir Tho. Clegys, Sir Francis Gerard5 Sir Lancelot Lake, Sir Tho. Rich, Sir John Fredricke, Mr. Louther, Mr. Harris, Mr. Shaw, Sir Wm. Boytie, Mr. Bodardof Sir Wm.

Mr. Merricke, Sir Tho. Meerest Mr. Conyers, Mr. Mid-

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for settling the Post-Office is referred, be and hereby is revived.

A Bill for ftefting an Endowment of Vicarages, out of Rectories appropriate, was this Day read the Second time; and, on the Question, committed to Sir William Wheeler, Mr. Bodarda, Mr. Edw. Stephens, Mr. Chaff, Mr. Skip-with. Sir Tho. Meeres, Mr. P Mr. Hele, Mr. Good-ricke, Mr. Pierrepont, Sir Gilb. Gerard, Sir Ant. Ashley Coopeh, Mr. Tong, Lord Falkland, Sir Henage Finch, Serjeant Maynard, Sir Tho. Clegys, Mr. Thomas, Serjeant Charlton, Serjeant Hales, Mr. Mr. Wingfeild,

Dr. Clayton, Sir Walter Erie, Sir Anth. Irby, Lord Howard, Sir Anth. Aucher, Serjeant Browne, Mr. feild, Mr. Lucy, Mr. John Stephens, Mr. Whitmore, Mr. Windham, Sir Allen Brodricke, Mr. Marvell, Mr. Spref, Sir Edward Manfell, Sir John Lowther, Mr.

Sir William Lewes, Sir Franc. Gerard, Sir Ant. Irby, Mr. Wendy, Sir Edw. Turner, Sir Sal. Swayle, Serjeant Rainsford, Mr. Montague, Sir John Northcott, Mr. Crewe, Lord Aungier, Mr. Powell, Mr. Capell, Sir Samuel Jones, Sir Lancelot Lake, Sir John Temple, Mr. Gewiti, Mr. -ver, Mr. Swanton, Mr. CoHyers, Sir Tho. Widdrington,

Mr. Cleyton, Mr. Brifcoe, Mr. Orb, Mr. Willoughby, Mr, Knight, Sir Edward Beering: And they are to meet in Mr. Speaker's Chamber, at Three of the Clock in thd Afternoon Tomorrow.

A Bill for attainting of Oliver Cromwell, and divert bthefs, Aftors in the horrid Murder of the late King's Majesty, was read the First and Second time; and committed to Mr. Prynn, Sir Anth. Irby, Mr. Mr. Ed-

ward Stevens, Sir Hennage Finch, Mr. Anjley, Sir Allen Brodricke, Lord Aungier, Lord Falkland, Lord Howard, Serjeant Maynard, Mr. Vivian, Serjeant , Mr. Allin, Mr. Wendy, Serjeant Glyhn, Sir Lancelot Lake, Mr. Chafe, Lord Bruice, Mr. Clifford, Mr. Mr. Springet,

Serjeant Charlton, Mr. Gott, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Thomas, Mr. Montague, Sir Sal. Swayle, Lord Herbert, Six Edw. Turner, Six Geo. Booth, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Lowther, Sir Edw. Beering, Sir Geo. Suvile, Sir Ant.

: y y jju)

Ashly Cooper, Mr. Pierpont, Sir Lewes, Sir Metres, Mr. Elliott, Mr. Ashbumham, Mr. Hughs, Mr. Harris, Mr. Delves, Mr. John Stevens, Mr. Thurland, Mr. Jolliffe, Mr. Ortne, Sir W Wheeler, Mr. Goring, Sir John Northcolt, Sir George Booth, Sir John Lowther,

Mr. Powell, Mr. Bampfeild, Mr. Jenings, Serjeant Rains-

ford, Mr. Barton, Mr. Titus, Sir Edward Mafey, Mr. Lewes: And they are to meet at Two of the Clock Tomorrow in the Afternoon, in Mr. Speaker's Chamber.

Resolved, That it be referred to the same Committee, to insert into the Bill, as to the Forfeiture of Estates, all such Other Persons, as, being excepted in the Act of General Pardon, and are therein mentioned to be dead, did sign and seal the bloody Warrant, for the putting of his late Majesty to Death*

Resolved, That it be referred to the same Committee, to insert a Clause into this Bill) in relation to those who Hand excepted out of the Act of General Pardon and Oblivion, as to future Pains and Penalties not extending to Life, if they shall find the inserting of the said Clause convenient; or otherwise to prepare another Bill for the fame.

The Lord Antram brings Answer from the Lords; that their Lordships do agree to the Vote of this House, for presenting Ten thou land Pounds to her Royal Highness the Princess Henrietta.

ner the Princess Royal; who acknowledged the great Kindness of this House; not only in congratulating her Return to England, but also in the Present ordered her before her coming over.

He makes Report, that, in like manner; they attended her Highness the Princess Henretta; who, with great Affection, acknowledged the Kindness of the House; excusing herself, that Ihe could not do it so well in the English Tongue; which Ihe desired to supply with an English Heart.

He also makes Report, that they had attended his Majesty, according to the Command of this House, to desire his appointing of a Time and Place for this House to attend his Majesty, to return their humble Thanks for his Majesty's gracious Declaration about Church Affairs: And that his Majesty doth appoint Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon; and the Banqueting-House to be the Place.

Resolved, That the Grand Committee for Sales be and hereby is revived; and do fit Wednesdays and Fridays weekly.

Ordered, Thax.'M.r.Anfley, Serjeant Glynn, and the Lord

Angier, be added to the Committee, to whom the preparing of a Bill for the Militia is referred.

! Thursday, viiilh No, 1660.

Prayers.

A Letter to Mr. Shaw, a Member of this House, from John Gael, Mayor of Colchester in Essex, dated 7th lnstant; touching the flopping of their Bayes and Sayes for his Majesty's Use, for not paying of Aulnage-Duties; was this Day read.

Ordered, That this Information be referred to the Committee for Trade; which is hereby revived: And they are to fend for Parties; and to examine the whole Business, and report the State thereof to the House: And they are also to review the Laws concerning Aulnage; and to examine the Miscarriages and Abuses of the Officers in the Management of that Service; and to report their Opinion, what may be fit to be done for regulating thereof; and to bring in a Bill for that Purpose, if there shall be Cause: And all the Members of this House of the Long Robe are added to that Committee, as to this Business: And they are to meet at Two of the Clock Tomorrow in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer-Chamber: And Mr. John Stevens is desired to take care hereof.

Ordered, That the Members of this House, who are of his Majesty's Privy-Council, be desired to represent the said Information to his Majesty's Council; with the Desire of this House, that they will consider thereof; and take such Order thereupon, for preserving the publick Peace, as they shall in their Wisdom think fit.

Ordered, That Copies of this Order be delivered to Mr. Shazv, who serves for that Corporation.

Mr. Speaker communicates a Letter from her Highness the Princess Royal, to him directed; expressing her Highness' hearty Thanks to this House, for the Present ordered for her, at their last Rising: Which was read.

Mr. Annejly makes Report, that, according to the Command of this House, himself, and other the Members of this House; who are of his Majesty's Privy-Council, had attended the Queen's Majesty; and represented to her the Joy and Contentment this House hath received, on Occasion of her Majesty's safe Return to England: And that her Majesty acknowledged, with Thankfiilness, the Expressions of this House; desiring the Continuance of their Respects; which, she said, she should never fail to do what lies on her Part to deserve.

He also makes Report, that they attended in like man-

A Paper, containing an Apportionment of One hundred thousand Pounds per Annum to be settled on his Majesty, in Compensation for the Court of Wards, (being brought in by the Committee, to whom the same was referred) was this Day read; and is as followeth; viz.

r West Riding

Yorkshire j North Riding — — 1 East Riding —; - -

Devon Essex Kent Suffolk Norfolk —

Somerset —

Brifioll City Lincolne —

Hampshire Cornwall Wiltftnre London Middlesex Dorset

Northampton Glouceftet —

Hertford Buckingham Sussex — -Surrey

Cambridge and Isle of Ely Shropshire Berkes Oxford -Leicester Hereford Warwicke Worcester Bedford Stafford Nottingham Derby Lancaster Cheshire Rutland Huntington Northumberland Durham

2520 J

l93°\5 % 00 1350J

5000 4800 4800 4800 4800 4000 250 4000 3000 2400 2700 4000 3000 2000 2500 2500 1800 1900 2600 1800 1800 1900 1700 1700 1800 1600 1800 1800 1400 1400 1400 1400 1600 1400 380 900 700 700

Cumberland

l19

Cumberland ....

West mor land ——

Monmouth ——

Anglesey ——

Brecknockc -

Cardigan -

Carmarthen ——

Carnarvon ——

Denbigh ——

Glamorgan ——

Merioneth ——

Montgomry ——

Pembroke ——

Radnor — —

400 Sir Thomas Dacres acquaints the House, that he was 300 served with a Summons to attend certain Commissioners this Afternoon; wherein he desired the Directions of this 800 House, it concerning the Privilege of the House:

260 Ordered, That this House doth give Leave to Sir Thomas 450 Dacres to Hand to his Privilege, or wave it, as he shall 350 think fit.

450

260 ..... — ..... — - <' ....

450

260 Friday, the ixth , 1660.

700

220 fXRder'ed, That the Knights and Burgdfes for the County

55° of Lancaster be added to the Committee, to whom 5°° the Bill for endowing Vicarages out of impropriate Rec-24° tories is referred.

£. 100,020

Ordered, That the Debate of this BuGness be taken up on Monday next come Sevennight; and, in the mean time, all the Members of this House may take Copies of the said Paper, if they shall see Cause.

Mr. Knightly reports Amendments to the Bill for making the Precinct of Covent-Garden parochial: Which he read, with the Connexion, in his Place; and were afterwards read the First and Second time by the Clerk.

Resolved, That this Bill be recommitted, as to the Point of apportioning the Rates for the Poor, so as may be with most Equality, betwixt the Parishes of Covent-Garden and St. Martin's in the Fields: And that the said Committee do meet on Tuesday next at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the inner Court of Wards; at which time some of both Parishes, to be appointed by the respective Vestries, are to attend the Committee.

Resolved, That the Clause in the Bill, in the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Folio, concerning the Governors calling the Treasurers to Account, and fining them in case of Default, be expunged out of the Bill.

Resolved, That the rest of the said Amendments be agreed.

Resolved, That the Consideration of the Fisheries of this Kingdom be referred to the Committee for Trade and Navigation *, who are to consider and propose to this House what they shall think necessary, for the Regulation and Advancement of that Trade.

Resolved, That it be referred to the same Committee, to consider what is necessary to be done for encouraging and advancing the East India Trade; and to bring in a Bill for that Purpose.

Resolved, That it be referred to the same Committee, to consider what is fit to be done for inhibiting to planting of Tobacco in England; and to bring in a BUI for that Purpose.

Resolved, That the Committee, to whom the Examination of the Debts of the Navy and Army, and other publick Debts of the Kingdom, is referred, be revived: And that they do speedily examine the Debts of the whole Navy, in Charge before his Majesty's Return to England: And to fit de die in diem: And report the same to the House on Monday next: And Sir Thomas Clegys, who is added to the Committee, and Mr. Spryt are to take care hereof: And Mr. Pryn is also added to the Committee.

Ordered, That on Monday next Consideration be had of the Debts of the Navy , and of the Means of raising Monies for defraying thereof , and other the publick Debts of the Kingdom.

Ordered, That it be referred to Mr. Serjeant Glyn and Mr. Pedley to take care, that the Bill for supplying the Defeats of the Act for Poll-Money be speedily prepared, and brought in.

4

The humble Petition of Edward Stevens Esquire was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Commissioners appointed by his Majesty to treat with Purchasers of Bishops and Dean and Chapters Lands, to do Right to the Petitionerj and this House doth specially recommend him to their Respect in the Matter prayed: And Sir AllenBrodricke is desired to take care hereof: And

the said Commissioners are desired in this, and other like Cafes of ancient Tenants, to give their Order or Advice to the Bishops, and Deans and Chapters, (whom it shall respectively concern) to forbear making of Leases or Contrails with any other Persons, till further Order; and, if they shall find such Order or Advice not observed, then to certify it to this House.

A Letter, directed to Phineas Andrews Esquire, a Member of this House, figried John Finch, and dated at Hithe the Fifth Instant, was this Day read; giving notice of some Quantities of Wool transported beyond the Seas by one William Facoon of Can, and John Lee of West-bith.

Resolved, That the said William Facoone and John Lee be forthwith sent for in Custody by the Serjeant at Arms attending this House: And that it be referred to the Committee for Woollen Manufactures, to examine this whole Business; and, for their better Information, to fend for Persons and Witnesses j and to report the Fait to the House.

Mr. Thomas reports from the Committee, to whom the Bill of Attainder is referred, the humble Desire of the said Committee, that this House will please to give some Rules and Directions, in the Matter referred unto them, by special Order, concerning Persons excepted by the Act of Oblivion, as to future Pains and Penalties not extending to Life.

The humble Petition of Barrington Boucbier Esquire was read.

Resolved, That the CafesofBarrington BourchierE[quire, Sir Richard Maleverer, Sir John and of the licirs

of Sir John Danvers, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee for the Bill of Attainder. And they are also to take into Consideration all Cales of like Nature, wherein any the Relations of the dead Persons, whose Estates are concerned in the said Bill, shall desire to be heard; and to examine the several Cafes, and the Settlement of Estates, where they shall find it necessary: And they are to peruse ancient Precedents of Proceedings in Cafes of Attainder: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, Journals, Records, Evidences, and Witnesses, as they shall see Cause, for their better Information; and to make Report, upon the Whole, to the House.

Resolved, That it be referred to the same Committee, to consider the Cafes of the Persons excepted in the Act of General Pardon, as to future Pains and Penalties not extending to Life } and to draw up Accusations against them, severally or jointly, as the same shall be; and, for

that

that Purpose, to penile the Journals, and other Evidences, which they shall find requisite, for making out of the Fact \ and to report the same to the House: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, Records, Wit-nelfcs, and what dfe may conduce to the Business.

The humble Petition ‘Of Michael Fifteen Years

since, sworn Serjeant at Arms to attend the Honourable House of Commons, was this Day read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to a Committee, to consider thereof, and to examine the Fact; as also, the Fitness of the Petitioner for the Service therein mentioned % his Affections, and former Carriage; and to report the Whole to the House: And that Sir Robert Brooke, Mr. Thurland, Sir Edward Majfey, Mr. Goodricke, Serjeant Hales, Mr. Anjley, Mr. Sir Francis Ge-

rard, Sir Solomon Swayle, Mr. Harris, Mr. Bampfeild, Sir John Mafsham, Mr. Sherrard Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Ed-

ward Jennings, Mr. Marvell, Mr. Phillips, Sir Edward Hearing, Mr. Eyres, Mr. "Thomas, Mr. Mountague, Sir Samuel Jbiles, Mr. Mallet, Sir Tho. Meeres, Mr.

ford, Sir Samuel huke. Sir Allen Mr. Vivian,

Mr. Hambdet), Lord Herbert, Mr. Chafe, Mr. Hollis,

Mr. Wendy, Mr. Parker, Sir Hen. Mr. Hide,

Mr. Henley, Mr. More, Mr. Crefwell, Mr. Sir

Walter Erie, Mr. Or me, Mr. Sparkes, Mr.

Mr. Lewes, Sir John Northcott, Sir Wm. Sir

John Rouse, Mr. Louther, Sir William Lewes, be the said Committee: And they are to meet on this Day Seven-night, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamben

Mr. Phillips complains to the House, that Sir John Robinson, Lieutenant of the Tower of London, had restrained Sir Hugh Owen, a Member of this House, of his Liberty; upon Occasion of his visiting a Friend in the Tower \ though he was informed, he was a Member of this House.

Sir John Robinson, standing irt his Place, denied the Matters objected; and offered several things for his Defence.

Sir Hugh Owen, standing in his Place, did give an Account of the Matter; and of the particular Passages betwixt himself, and the Lieutenant of the Tower, and his Officers, at that time.

Resolved, That this Business be referred to the Committee for Privileges -, to examine and state the Matter of Fact; and report it to this House.

The House being informed, that Jtfeph Smith, aWarder of the Tower of London, upon Occasion of his detaining Sir Hugh Owen at the Tower, being told, that the said Sir Hugh Owen was a Member of this House, did thereupon reply, to this Effect; That he would, notwithstanding, detain him, though he were hanged for it:

Resolved, That the said Joseph Smith be forthwith sent for in Custody by the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Resolved, That it be referred to the Committee for Privileges, to examine and state the Matter of Fact as to the said Smith; and to report the same to the House.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Gerard, and Sir Lancelot Lake, be desired to move the Lord Chamberlain, that the Banqueting-House at Whitehall may, by his Lordship's Order, be kept clear, until this House shall come thither, in order to their attending of the King's Majesty at Two of the Clock this Afternoon.

Saturday, 10th November, 1660.

Prayers.

THE humble Petition of many Thousand Merchants Clothiers, and others, concerned in the Manufactures of Wooll in the County of Devon, and within the City of Exon, was this Day read.

Ordered, That this Petition be referred to the Committee

of this House for Trade; to examine the Business, and hear Parties; and state the Cafe, and report the same to the House, with their Opinion: And they have Power to fend for Parties and Witnesses, and what else may conduce to the Business.

Sir William Wheeler reports Amendments to the Bill for the better Observation of the Lord's Day; which be read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and were afterwards read the First and Second time; and, on the Que-ftion, agreed.

Resolved, That the said Bill; with the said Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill for regulating the Election of the Bailiffs and Wardens of the Company of Weavers, London, was this Day read the First time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Second time on Monday next.

A Bill for uniting and consolidating of the Reflory and Vicarage of Preston, in the County of Suffolke, was this Day read the Second time; and, on the Question, committed to Sir Anth. Irby, Mr. Crowch, Sir Walter Erie, Dr. Cleyton, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Harris, Sir Browne, Mr. Bampfeild, Mr. Stoughton, Sir Henry North, Mr.

Thomas, Sir William Wheeler, Sir Tho. Rich, Mr. Collins, Lord Bruice, Sir John Talbott, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Tompkins, Sir Capel Luckin, Sir John Mr. Sir

Solomon Swayle, Sir Geo. Reeves, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Minors, Sir Samuel Luke, Mr. Cleyton, Mr. Hunger ford, Mr. Cornwallis, Mr. Wendy, Mr. Thurland, Serjeant Hales, Mr. Parker, Sir Edmond Beyer, Sir Samuel Jones, Sir Tho, Willis, Mr. Shaw, Sir Edw.Sir Wm. Montague, Mr. Clifford, Mr. Lowther, Mr. John Stevens, Mr. Molli-neux, Mr. Reames, Sir John Northcott, Mr. George Mountague, Mr. Elliot, and all the Knights and Burgeftfes for the County of Suffolk: And they are to meet on Tuesday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Court of Wards; and have Power to fend for Persons, Parties, Deeds, and Evidences, as they shall find necessary.

Ordered, That on Monday next the House take into Consideration the Business of the Excise.

A Bill for the better preventing and liipprdfing of the detestable Sihs of profane Swearing and Cursing was tills Day read the Second time; and, on the Question, committed to Mr. Edward Stevens, Mr. Swanton, Mr. Harris, Sir Walter Erie, Mr. Bampfeild, Sir John Northcott, Serjeant Maynard, Sir Wm. Wheeler, Mr. Shaw, Mr. Onne, Sir Capell Luckin, Lord Falkland, Sir Edward Deering, Mr. Wendy, Mr. Thornton, Sir Rich, Sir Sol.

Mr. Thurland, Sir Edmund Boyer, Mr. Anjley, Lord An-cram, Mr. Huxley, Mr. Trever, Sir John Temple, Sir Tho. Wharton, Mr. Tucker, Serjeant Hales, Mr. Hales, Mr. Reames, Sir George Reeve, Sir John Cloberry, Lord

Sir John Carey, Mr. John Goodwin, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Herbert, Sir Henry North, Serjeant Maynard, Mr. Mer-ricke, Serjeant Browne, Mr. Stevens, Mr. Titus, Mr. Stroade, Dr. Cleyton, Mr. Ratcliffe, Serjeant Rainsford, Mr. Thurland, Mr. Peacocke, Sir Anth. Cope, Mr. Fox,

Colonel Arundle, Sir John Rolle, Mr. Delves, Mr. Rigby* Sir Edw. Turner, Lord Angier, Major Cleyton, Mr. Shap-cot, Mr. Coker, Mr. How, Mr. Or me. Sir Henry Crofts, Mr. Foley, Lord Herbert, Mr. Radcliffe, Major Knight, Sir John Marsham, Mr. Gerard, Mr. Minors, Mr. Wingfeild, Mr. Haris, Mr. Crowch, Mr. Hele, Mr. Bowman, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Grove, Mr. Tong, Mr. Bacon, Colonel Popham, Mr. More, Mr. Knightly, Mr. Lucy, Sir Hen. Wolfley, Mr. Vow ell, Mr. Baker: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Chequer-Chamber.

Resolved, That it be referred to the same Committee, to peruse the Laws in Force against Drunkenness; and to consider what is defective therein; and to propose to

the

the House what they shall find most convenient for Supply of those Defeats: And Mr. is desired to take

care hereof.

A Bill for preventing the voluntary Separation, and living apart, of married Persons, was this Day read the First time:

And the Question being propounded, that this BjU be read the Second time, on Wedn next;

The House was divided:

And the Yeas went forth.

Sir Ralph Knight, t Tellers for the Yeas

Mr. Willoughby, I With the Yeas, 5 1I0;

Mr. Herbert., ( Tellers for the Noes: 1 r

Lord Ancram, t With the Noes, J 9

And fb it was Resolved, That this Bill be read the Second time on Wednesday next.

Ordered, That the Bill for repairing of Highways be read on Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Lord Fau Sir Rowland Sir John Marsham, Mr. How-, Sir John Potts, Mr. Hopkins, Sir Allen Brodricke, Mr. Allen, Sir S,

Dr. Cleyton, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Show, Mr. Orme, Sir Hen. Cholmeley, Sir Antb. Cope, Mr. Henly, Mr. Fox, Mr. Pedley, Sir Francis Gerard, Mr. Barton, Mr. Elliot, Sir John Talbot, Sir Richard Onslow* Mr. Sir George Reeve,

Colonel Windham, Mr. Eamley, Mr. Capell, Sir

Deering, Mr. Crowch, Mr. Wingfeild, Sir Roger jhaw. Sir Hen. Cefar, Mr. Goodricke, Mr. Minors, Mr. Cornwallis, Sir Samuel Jones, Sir George Browne, bington, Mr. Swinfen, Sir Gilbert Gerard, Mr. Bafcowen, Mr. Trelawny, Sir Tho. Widdrington, Sir Wood-house, Mr. Redines, are added to the Committee, to whom the preparing of a Bill for settling the Militia of the Kingdom is referred.

Resolved, That the Committee for the Bill sent from the Lords, concerning the Earl of Briftoll, be and hereby is revived.

Resolved, That the Committee for the Bill sent from the Lords, concerning the Marquis of Winchester, be and hereby is revived.

Ordered, That the Bill for enabling Sir Antb. Browne to make Sale of some Lands, be read the Second time on Tuesday next.

This House doth adjourh itself to Monday Morning next, at Eight of die Clock.

' Monday, xiith November, 1666.

Prayers.

TyEfolved, That the Sum of Three thousand Four hundred Forty-three Pounds Twelve Shillings and Five-pence Halfpeny, remaining due to Henry Peeke Esquire, by virtue of former Orders of Parliament, and formerly ordered by this House to be paid out of Estates of Recusants, remaining in the Hands of Receivers, be charged on the Excise, and paid to the said Henry Peeke, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, out of the Excise, in Course, after the other Sums, formerly charged by this Parliament on the Excise, be paid and satisfied: And the Commissioners of the Excise are impowered and required to pay the same accordingly. And this Order, together with the Acquittance of Mr. Peeke, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, testifying his Receipt thereof, shall be to the Commissioners a sufficient Warrant and Discharge in this Behalf.

Ordered, That the Lords Concurrence be desired herein. And Sir Allen Broadricke is to carry it to the Lords.

Mr. Annefly presents a Report, from the Committee appointed to examine the Debts of the Navy and.Army, and other publick Debts, concerning Sir Thomas Dacres: Which was read; and is as followeth:

At this Committee a Report was made, and presentei in Writing, from the Sub-Committee, to whom the Bu-finess of Sir Thomas Dacres was referred: Which is as followeth:

" At the Sub-Committee for Inspection into the Debts of the Army and Navy, and other publick Debts of the Kingdom, August 10th, 1660

" It appeared, there was an Order of the House, the 17th of March 1641, " That Six Edward Hales, and Sir " Thomas Dacres, do pay the Five hundred Pounds, voluntarily lent by them for the Affairs of Ireland, unto " Nicholas Loftus, Deputy to Sir Adam Loft us, Treasurer at War for Ireland, upon his Receipt."

" It appeared by the said Receipt of dated

March 24th, that the said Sir Edward Hales, and Sir Thomas Dacres, paid the said Slim of Five hundred Pounds.*'

" It appeared by the Poll- Bill 1641, that certain Com-rtiissioners are appointed, of Lords and Commons, (whereof there must be Four of the former, and Eight of the latter) that have Power to ordain the Treasurers of the said Bill, under their Hands, what Debts shall be paid: And we find Sir Tho. Dacres to have such a Warrant from them, dated the One-and-twentieth of 1649, for one

Moiety of thfe said Five hundred Pounds, with Interest at Eight Pounds per Cent': And, not finding that any Part is

satisfied of this Debt, this Question was put , Whether the Moiety of the said Five hundred Pounds (with Damages) advanced by Sir Tho. Dacres, be such a publick Debt, of which this House, in Honour and Justice, ought to take Care for Satisfaction ;" Resolved, in the Affirmative."

" Upon the Stating of which Debt, at Eight Pounds Cent',-for Eighteen Years; it is Six hundred and Ten Pounds; the Interest Three hundred and Sixty Pounds; Principal Two hundred and Fifty Pounds: At Six Pounds per Cent', for Eighteen Years, it is Five hundred and Twenty Pounds; viz.Two hundred and Seventy Pounds Interest; and Two hundred and Fifty Pounds Principal: At Four per Cent', for Eighteen Years, it is Four hundred and Thirty Pounds; viz. One hundred and Eighty Pounds Interest, and Two hundred and Fifty Pounds Principal."

" It waS the Opinion of this Committee, that, in Ho-hour and Justice* Sir Tho. Dacres have Four hundred and Thirty Pounds for the Discharge of the said Five hundred Pounds lent as aforesaid: And"

" Resolved, That this be reported to the Committee for examining the Debts of the Army and Navy, and other publick Debts of the Kingdom."

Upon which Report, it was, by this Committee, Resolved,

1. That this Committee do agree with the Sub-Committee, in the Report made by them, in the Business of Sir Thomas Dacres.

2. That the said Report be reported to the House from this Committee.

Resolved, That it be referred tb the Committee for examining of publick Debts, to examine and state the Debts claimed by the Executors of Six Edward Hales, for the Moiety of Five hundred Pounds; advanced by him and Sir Thomas Dacres, for the Affairs of Ireland in March 1641; and to report it to the House.

Resolved, That the Sum of Two hundred and Fifty Pounds, reported from the Committee for examining the Debts of the Navy and Army, and other publick Debts, to be due to Sir Thomas Dacres for the like Sum of Two hundred Fifty Pounds, (Part of the FiVe hundred Pounds, advanced by him and Sir Edward Hales, for the Affair!, of Ireland, 24 March 1641, and secured out of the then Poll- Bill) be charged on the Receipt of Excise, and paid to the said Sir Thomas Dacres, or his Assigns, out of the fad Receipt, in Course, after the other Sums formerly charged by this Parliament on the Excise be paid and satisfied: And the Commissioners of the Excise arc impowered and required to p^y the same accordingly. And Z z thift

this Order, together with the Acquittance of Sir Thomas Dacres, or his Assigns, shall be a sufficient Warrant and Discharge.

The Lords Concurrence is desired herein: And Sir Allen Broadricke is desired to carry it to the Lords.

Resolved, That till the publick Debts of the Kingdom be satisfied, or this House take further Order, the Committee for examining the Debts of the Navy and Army, and other publick Debts, do forbear to make Report of any private Debts to this House.

Sir Thomas Clergys reports From the Committee, appointed to examine the Debts of the Navy and Army, and other publick Debts of the Kingdom, an Estimate of the Charge of the Navy and Army j being as followed! , viz.

The Estimate of the Debts of the Navy, in Charge before his Majesty's coming in.

For Discharge of the Officers and Mariners Wages, Provision of Victuals, and Stores, and to the Office of the Ordnance; and the ordinary and extraordinary Expences of the several Yards; the Account is estimated to Six hundred Seventy-eight thousand Pounds:

Whereof the Officers and Mariners Wages, to the Tenth of November, is exactly stated (over and above the Five-and-twenty Ships now under Consideration, and besides that Number of Ships his Majesty receives into his Pay) to amount to Two hundred Forty-eight thousand Forty-nine Pounds Eight Shillings.

The Commissioners for disbanding the Army have estimated what Money they conceive will be brought in upon the Bill for Poll-Money, and the Assessments; and compute that there will be wanting, to disband the remaining Part of the Army, and such of the Five-and-twenty Ships, which are yet not discharged, the Sum of Four hundred Twenty-two thousand Eight hundred and Nineteen Pounds.

His Majesty's Commissioners for managing the Affairs of the Navy do also offer, to be humbly represented to the Consideration of the House, that all his Majesty's Stores are now empty, both of Victual, and all other Necessaries, for the Fleet; and that the Charge of renewing them will amount to Two hundred thousand Pounds. Which raises the whole Sum to 1,300,819/. 8s. od. Of which Sum that which will 1 require a present Supply and Advancement, to pay off the Officers and Mariners, and totally disband the Army, is — —

j Resolved, That this House be resolved into a Grand

Committee Tomorrow Morning, to take into Consideration the Report, made this Day from the Committee, of the Debts of the Navy and Army *, and how much will be necessary to be presently provided , and of the most ealy and speedy Way of railing Monies for Discharge thereof.

670,868 8 o

certain Defeats of the Bill for Poll-Money: Which wa* read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning, before the relblving of the House into a Grand Committee.

Ordered, That the Bill for Repair of Highways be read Tomorrow Morning, next after the Bill for Applying the Defers of the Poll- Bill.

Tuesday, xiiith Novemb, 1660.

Prayers.

A Bill for enabling Sir Anthony Browne to fell Lands for Payment of his Debts, was this Day read the Second time; and, on the Question, committed to Sir Anthony Irby, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Gray, Sir Henry Lord Angler, Mr. Streete, Mr. Brasnpfton, Sir Salmon

Swayle, Dr. Clayton, Mr. Hall, Mr. Lord Falk-

land, Mr. Powell, Sir George Booth, Mr. Harris, Mr. Elliott, Mr. Bampfeild, Sir Henry Cefar, Sir Walter Mr. Crowcb, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Tong, Mr. Mynors, Mr. Shaw; and all the Knights and Burgesses that serve for the County of Essex: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Inner Court of Wards.

The humble Petition of the incorporated Company of Clothiers, within the City of Worcester, was this Day read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be committed to the Committee for Trade and Navigation; who are to consider thereof, and examine and state the same , and to hear Parties; and report the Cafe, with their Opinion, to this. House.

The House being well informed, that John Bounty Abraham Dedeere, John Burgo, Charles Lecroy, and Elias Mafbman, Inhabitants of the City of Canterbury, have, for divers Years last past, used, and still do use, to transport beyond the Seas great Quantities of combed Wool; to the great Impoverishing of those Parts;

Ordered, That the said John Bount, Abraham,

John Burgo, Charles Lecroy, and Elias , be forth-

with font for, in Custody, by the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, in respect of their laid Offence.

Sir Anthony Irby reports Amendments to the Bill for enabling Sir William Wrey to fell certain Lands in the County of Essex, for Payment of his Debts, and making Provision for his younger Children: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after were read the First and Second time by the Clerk; and, on the Question, agreed.

Resolved, That this Bill, with the said Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That this House be called Tomorrow Seven-night.

Ordered, That Mr. Swinfen be added to the Committee, to whom die Bill for endowing Vicarages out of appropriate Re&ories is referred.

Sir Thomas Clergys reports the humble Petition of Colonel William Lockhart: Which was read.

Resolved, That it be referred to the Committee for publick Debts, to examine what Part of the Debt mentioned in the said Petition is accrued in the Garrison of Donkerque since the Restitution of the secluded Members and to state the lame, and report it to the House.

Ordered, That, at the next calling of this House, Mr. Speaker is desired to put the House in mind of the Person who presented the great Bible to this House.

Mr. Ptdley reports a Bill for supplying and explaining

A Bill for further supplying and explaining certain Defeats in the Bill for Poll-Money was this Day read the Second time; and, on the Question, committed to the former Committee, to whom it was referred to prepare the said Bill: And that Dr. Clayton, Sir Thomas Blud-worth, Mr. Harris, Sir John Fredricke, Sir George Reeves, Sir Roger Palmer, Lord Richardson, Mr. Bodarda, Mr; Swinfen, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Hampden, Sir Hare, Mr. Petty, Sir John Marsham, Sir Thom Sir Henry Cefar, Sir John Clobery, Mr. John Stevens, Mr. Bafcowen, Sir Capel Luckin, Mr. Mynors, Sir Tho. Rich, Mr. Wingfeild,

Mr. Edw. Stevens, Sir Rich. Hopkins, Sir Rich. Onslow, Lord Aunger, Sir Philip Woodhouse, Sir Fra. Gerard, Sir

Geo. Browne, Mr. Goodricke, Sir William Vincent, Sir Tho. Merricke, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Lucie, Mr. Knightley, Mr. Elliott, Mr. Streete, be added to the said Committee. And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Three of the Clock, in the Court of Wards: And Mr. Ptdley and Mr. Goodricke are desired to take care hereof.

According

According to the Order of Yesterday the House re-Jblved into a Grand Committee, for Consideration of the publick Debts of the Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Serjeant Rainsford took the Chair.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Resolved, That the Business of railing Monies for Discharge of publick Debts, which, by an Order of Yesterday, was to be this Day taken into Consideration by k Committee of the whole House , and was this present Day debated by a Committee of the whole House accordingly, be resumed by this House into Consideration To* morrow Morning.

A Book, intituled, The L Parliament revived; by tThomas Phillips Gent. *, was this Day offered to the Consideration of the House, as a Matter wherein their Privilege is much concerned.

Ordered, That the said Thomas Phillips be forthwith lent for, in Custody, by the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the Book, intituled. The Lang Parliament revived, be referred to the Committee for Privileges, to examine and find out, who is the Author and Printer thereof; and to fend for Persons, as they Bull find meet; and to report the same to the House.

Wednesday, xiiii'h November, 1660*

Prayers.

A Bill for preventing the voluntary Separation and living apart of married Persons, was this Day read the Second time ‘, and, on the Question, committed to Mr. Ferrers, Mr. Prynne, Mr. Herbert, Sir Lancelot Lake, Sir Henry Cholmely, Mr. Stevens, Mr. Herricke, Mr. Shapcott, Mr. Elliott, Mr. V Sir George Montague,

Mr. Tong, Sir John Northcott, Sir Anthony Irby, Sir John Fredricke, Sir Tho. Widdrington, Mr. Lord

Aungier, Mr. SwantoH, Lord Falkland, Mr. Sainton, Mr. Courtop, Mr. i erle, Mr. Hollis, Mr. Mr.

Walpole, Mr. Rigby, Sir Thomas Willis, Sir Daniel Horny, Serjeant Charleton, Mr. Sherbard, Sir Gilbert Gerard, Mr. Baker, Mr. Bowman, Mr. Reames, Sir George Booth, Sir William Lewes, Sir Francis Gerard, Mr. Goodricke, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Ellison, Sir Tho. Meeres, Sir Edward Turner, Sir Ralph Ashton, Sir Roger Mr.

Hambden, Mr. Mollineux, Mr. Montague, Sir John Cary, Sir Edw. Majfey, Mr. Bampfeild, Sir Join Cloberfy, Mr. Thomas, Lord Anchram, Colonel Gerard, Mr. Moyle, Sir Rich. Price, Mr. Trelawny, Sir Wm. Vincent, Sir Edw. ManfeU, Sir Henry Crofts, Mr. Mynors, Mr. Whitehead, Mr. Marvell, Sir Geo. Reeve, Mr. Titus, Mr. Lucy, Mr. Hele: And they are to meet on Saturday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Inner Court of "Wards: And are also to consider of an additional Clause now tendered to the Bill: And Mr. Prynn is to take care hereof.

A Bill for the better repairing and maintaining Highways and Bridges, within this Kingdom, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read the Second time on Tuesday Morning next.

According to an Order of Yesterday, the House resumed the Consideration and Debate of railing Money towards discharging the publick Dqbts of the Army and Navy, mentioned in the Report from the Committee for examining of publick Debts.

Resolved, That a Tax of Seventy thousand Pound by the Month, for Six Months, to commence from the First of Jansiary 1660, be charged on this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it be referred to his Majesty's Counsel learned, to prepare and bring in a Bill for that Purpose.

OrderedfTbax. it be referred to the CommitteeforTrade, to confide? of what was now offered, touching the buying up and exporting of Rape-Seed, of the Growth of this Nation, by Strangersy and to examine the same y and ad-vile what is fit to be proposed for preventing the Inconveniencies thereof y and to report the same to the House.

Thursdcty, xvtfl November, 1660.

P R A Y E R Si

QRdered, That the Committee for Woollen Manufactures, and the Committee for Trade and Navigation, be from henceforth added each to other, lb as to be for the future ohe Committee.

A Bill for enabling George Fount Esquire to make Sale of some Lands in the County of was read this

Day the Second time , and, upon the Question, committed to Mr. PryH, Serjeant Rainsford, Mr.

Sir Tho. Meeres, Serjeant HMr. Willoughby, Sir George Booth, Sir Richard Hopkins, Mr. Mallet, Serjeant Charlton, Mr. Hobby, Mr. Tompkins, Mr. Clifford, Mr. Baker, Mr. Harris, Mn Knight, Sir William Mr.

Lucy, Mr. Gerard, Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Eyres, Mr. Bowman, Mr* Bacon, Sir Ralph Knight, Sir Geo. Browne, Mr» Phillips, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Orme, Mr. Thurland, Lord Bruice, Mr. Weflfalin, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Ellison, Mr. Bampfeild, and all the Knights and Burgesses that serve for the Counties of Leicester and And

they are to fend for all Parties concerned; and to fend for and peruse Settlements and Evidences, as they shall find necessary y and to consider of the Values of the Lands: And they are to meet oh Saturday next, at Two in the Afternoon, in the Inner Court of Wards.

A Bill, ingrossed, sent from the Lords, to restore Wentworth Earl of Roscommon, of the Kingdom of Ireland, all the Honours, Castles, Lordships, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Ireland, whereof James Earl of Roscommon, his Great-Grandfather, Robert Earl of Roscommon, his Grandfather, or James late Earl of Roscommon, his Father, were in Possession on the Twenty-third of October 1641, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read the Second time on Saturday next.

Resolved, That Sir John Horthcdtt do go to the Lords, and communicate to them the Desire of this House, that their Lordships will give Dispatch to some Bills formerly sent from this House, and now depending before their Lordships j viz. the Bill for confirming of Marriages y the Bill for confirming of Leases from Colleges and Ho-Ipitals; the Bill for confirming of Magna Charta, and other fundamental Laws; as also, the Proclamation for putting the Laws against Popish Recusants in Execution j being all of publick Importance.

A Bill for settling and constituting a Chapel of Eale in the Forest of Waltham, for the Use of the Inhabitants thereabout, was this Day read the First and Second timey and, on the Question, committed to Mr. John Stevent, Sir Walter Erie, Serjeant Rainsford, Sir Anthony Irby, Sir William Lewes, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Streete, Mr. Wendy, Sir Capell Luckin, Sir Lancelot Lake, Mr. Molleneux, Mr. Brampfion, Lord Richardson, Mr. Walpoole, Mr.

Merricke, Mr. Knightly, Mr. Hungerford, Sir Solomon Swayle, Mr. Ayre, Mr. Marvell, Sir Edw. Turner, Mr. Crowcb, Mr. Harris, Mr. Mynors, Mr. Orme, Mr. Hambden, Serjeant Hales, Mr. Darnell, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Montague, Sir Horatio Townefend, Mr. Baker, Lord Kildare, Mr. Ellison, Sir Tho. Rant, Mr. Louther, and all the Knights and Burgesses serving for the County of Essex: Amd they are to meet at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon on Saturday next, in the Inner Court of Wards.

Ordered,

Ordered \That Mr. Pryttn do, at the Sitting of the House Tomorrow Morning, give the House an Account how the Business of the Excise- Bill stands.

Mr. Marvell reports, From the Committee, Amendments to the Bill for erecting and endowing Vicarages out of impropriate Redories: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and were afterwards read the First and Second time by the Clerk.

Resolved, That this Bill be recommitted to the former Committee: Who are to meet this Afternoon; and to report with all convenient Speed.

A Paper was this Day communicated to the House* purporting a counterfeit Protection, dated io 1660,

and signed F. Buller, for proteding William Jenes from Arrests, as Servant to the said Buller, a Member of this House: Which was read.

The House being informed, that the said William Jenes was at the Door, he was called in; and, (landing at the Bar, he, did, upon Examination, confess, That he was the Party mentioned in the Paper , that he knows not Mr. Buller, whose Name is added to the Paper; that he had the said Paper from one Belcher, who lives about Whitehall i that the fad Belcher was brought to him by one ! Tabor, a Porter, who lives in Southwarke; that he gave Three Pounds for it to the fad Tabor , that he entered the same in the Compters, and elsewhere, by Belcher9 % Di-

redion , and that he came now to Westminster to inquire for the said Mr. Buller, he having been, since receiving of it, arrested; the Prevention whereof was the Motive of his endeavouring to obtain it.

Resolved, That the said Belcher and Tabor be forthwith Fent for, in Custody, by the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Resolved, That the Business of forging Mr. Buller*s Hand, to the pretended Protection, now read, be referred to the Committee of Privileges; to examine the same; and to report the State thereof to this House.

Resolved and Declared, by the Commons assembled in Parliament, That the Privilege of this House, in point of Protection, from Arrests, doth belong to the Members of this House, and their menial Servants, only; and to the Officers attending the Service of this House: And that all Protedions in Writing, granted.by any Member of this House to any Person whatsoever, be forthwith called in; and are hereby declared to be null and void: And all Persons, whom this may concern, are required, upon all Occasions, to take notice of the Privilege belongs ing to the Members of this House, and their menial Servants, and of the Officers attending the Service of this House, at their Peril.

Resolved, That this Order be forthwith printed and publillied.

The humble Petition of the Innholders and Vidualers of New Windsor in the County of Berks was this Day read , they thereby complaining, that about Three hundred Soldiers, lately lifted in his Majesty's Castle of for, are quartered upon them by several Numbers in a House; and, besides Six-pence per Diem apiece, which the Petitioners are ordered to lend them, they are to allow them Fire, Candle, dressing of their Diet, and Lodging*, which makes the Burden so heavy, that they are ready to fink under it; and humbly praying Redress in these their Grievances.

Resolved, That the Members of this House, who are of his Majesty's Privy Council, be desired to acquaint his Majesty with the Substance of the said Petition; and with the humble Desire of this House, that the Matters therein complained of as aGrievance, may be redrelfed in suchSort, as his Majesty shall, in his great Wisdom, think fit.

Sir John Northcott reports, that he had signified to the Lords the Desire of this House, for the Dispatch of the Three Bills and Proclamation, mentioned in an Order of this Day; and that the Lords gave Answer, the Three

Bills were under Consideration; and so shall be the Proclamation also: And that they will fend further Answer by Messengers of their own.

Mr. Pryn reports Amendments to the Bill for levying the Arrears of Assessments, due on the Act, for Twelve Months, commencing 24 June 1659; and Six Months, commencing 25 December 1659: Which he read in his Place; and were, after, read the First and Second time by the Clerk , and, upon the Question, were agreed.

Resolved, That the Aid Bill, with the said Amendments, be ingrossed.

Friday, xvi,h Novem, 1660.

Prayers.

THE humble Petition of Elizabeth , setting forth, that Sir William , being possessed

of the Manor of Stapleford in the County of Cambridge (belonging to the Dean and Chapter of Ely) for certain Years, and having purchased tire Reversion in Fee, did fell the Reversion, with the reserved Rents, to the Petitioner; and, after, fold the remaining Term to one Mr. Wakefield, who knew of the said Grant made to the

Petitioner, and could not expect to renew the Lease; that she having, as (he hopeth, a just Title to the renewing of the said Lease, and, to that Purpose, his Majesty's Royal Letters were directed to the said Dean and Chapter, yet the Dean and Chapter have refilled to admit the Petitioner Tenant to the said Church; humbly praying, that ihe may have the said Lease granted to her; and that the said Dean and Chapter may be prohibited to grant the said Lease to any other; was read.

Ordered, That this Petition be and is hereby recommended to the Commissioners appointed by the King's Majesty to settle Differences between Ecclesiastical Persons and Purchasers, to do the Petitioner Right herein; and the said Dean and Chapter of Ely be and are hereby required to forbear to make any Lease of the said Manor of Stapleford, until the said Matter be heard by the said Commissioners.

Ordered, That Mr. Hollis be desired to take care, that Right be done to the said Elizabeth Gilbert the Petitioner, according to his Majesty's Pleasure, signified in his Royal Letters in that Behalf; and, in case the Petitioner be not relieved accordingly, to report the Matter of Fast, and the Proceedings therein, to this House.

The House being informed, that the Person of Mr. Nofworthy, a Member of this House, was assaulted in his Chamber by one Mr. Henry , to the Breach

of the Privilege of this House;

Resolved, That Mr. Henry Nicholls be sent for, in Custody, by the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee for Privileges, to examine the Matter of Fast, touching the assaulting of the Person of Mr. Nofworthy, a Member of this House, in his Chamber, by Mr. Henry Nicholls; to state the fame; and report it to this House.

Mr. Prynn, according to the Order of Yesterday, gave an Account, to this House, how the Business stands upon the Bill for settling the Excise; and of the Proceeding of the Committee therein.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom it is referred to consider what Debts Hand charged upon the Excise, be revived; and do give a speedy Account of the same to this House: And that Sir Thomas do take care

hereof.

Mr. Knightly reports a Bill for settling of the Militia of the Kingdom: Which was this Day read the First time; and, upon the Question, ordered to be read the Second time upon Tuesday Morning next.

A Letter,

A Letter, purporting some Miscarriage of some Person or Persons, under colour of acting as a Commissioner for the Militia, was offered to the House to be read: Upon Debate whereof, the Question being propounded, that the said Letter be now read;

And the Question being put, that That Question be now put;

It patted with the Affirmative:

And the main Question being put, that the said Letter be now read;

The House was divided:

The Yeas went forth.

Sir Walter Erie, t Tellers for the Yeas: 7

Mr. Bainton, I With the Yeas, I

Sir Tho. Meeres, t Tellers for the Noes: )

Sir Ralph Knight, ( The Noes, J

So it passed in the Negative.

105. 181.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas do make Report of the Amendments to the Bill of Attainder Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock.

Mr. Speaker acquaints the House with the humble Suit of Mr. JeJfop, Clerk of this House, that this House will be pleased to dispenle with his Absence, and excuse his not attending the Service of this House, being suddenly sent for into the Country, his Wife lying at the Point of Death.

Resolved, That Mr. JeJfop be and is hereby excused for not attending the Service of this House, upon this Occasion.

Ordered, That the Lord Howard do bring in a Bill for preventing of Theft and Rapine upon the Borders of England, on Tuesday Morning next.

making of any Lease or Contract of the Impropriation of Gresford, or the Glebes thereof, to any other Person.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee upon the Bill of Sales do report the Amendments to the said Bill, on Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Names of Elizabeth Hodgkin and Gillinger be inserted into the Bill for Naturalization.

Mr. Batnpfeild reports Amendments to the Bill against Cursing and.Swearing: Which he, (landing in his Place, read, with the Coherence; and the same were after twice read by the Clerk; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

Ordered, That the said Bill, so amended, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Bill for Mr. John Micklethwaite be read on Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Wharton, Sir Jo. Northcott, Mr. Harris, Mr. Bampfield, Sir Walter Erie, Mr.

Mr. Shapcott, Mr. Tong, Mr. Iienly, Mr. Peckham, Mr. Shawe, Sir Edw. Deering, Mr. Titus, Mr.

Serjeant Rainsford, Mr. Crowch, Dr. Cleyton, Sir Edw. Turner, Sir Edm. Boyer, Mr. Charlton, be added to the Committee for bringing in the Bill upon the King's Majesty's Declaration, touching a Settlement in the Church.

Mr. Thomas reports, from the Committee to whom the Bill for Attainder is referred, the Evidence given against the respective Persons in the said Bill.

Ordered, That this Business be recommitted upon the former Order; and that the Committee be revived, and do lit on Monday in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the respective Committees, to whom the Bills concerning the Earl of Brijloll and the Marquis of Winchester are referred, do fit on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in Mr. Speaker's Chamber.

Saturday, xviith November, 1660.

Prayers.

/'JRdered, That the Committee for Naturalization be and is hereby revived; and that they fit on Monday in the Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir Walter Earle reports, from the Committee for Privileges, the Opinion of that Committee, that the House be moved to fend for Joseph Cranford, in safe Custody, by the Serjeant at Arms.

Ordered, That Joseph Cranford be sent for, in Custody, by the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

The humble Petition of Elianor Lee and Anne Lee, Infants, Daughters and Coheirs of Sir Henry Lee Baronet, and Dame Anne Lee his Wife, deceased, by Anne Countess of Rochester, their Grandmother and Guardian, was tendered to this House.

Ordered, That this Petition be referred to the said Committee, to whom the Bill for Attainder is referred: And the said Committee are hereby fully impowered to receive all Petitions of like Nature; and to hear all Parties concerned, and Witnesses in the respective Cafes , and to consider thereof; and state Matter of Fast thereupon; and report the same to this House within Six Days.

Ordered, That the Petition of Sir Henry Norton, eldest Son of Sir Gregory Norton, be referred to the said Committee to whom the Act for Attainder is referred , to examine the Matter of Fast, and state the fame; and report it to this House.

Ordered, That the Petition of Sir James Harrington be also referred to the said Committee, to whom the Bill for Attainder is referred; to examine the Matter of Fast, and state the fame; and report it to this House.

The humble Petition of Sir John Carter, a Member of this House j setting forth, that he, being ancient Tenant to the Dean and Chapter of Winchester, for the Impropriation of Gresford in the County of Denbigh, and purchased the Reversion of the Glebe thereof; and having applied himself to the said Dean and Chapter to renew his Lease v and having his Majesty's gracious Letters of Recommendation for that Purpose; yet they refuse to treat with him; and praying the Direction of this House, to the said Dean and Chapter, to admit him to renew his Lease upon reasonable and usual Terms-, was humbly presented to this House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Commissioners appointed by his Majesty to treat with Purchasers of Deans and Chapters Lands, to do Right to the Petitioner: And the House doth specially recommend him to their Respect, in the Matter prayed: And the said Commissioners are desired, in this Cafe, to give their Order or Advice, to the said Dean and Chapter, to forbear

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges do forbear to proceed in the Business concerning Sir Hugh Owen and Sir John Robinfan, formerly referred unto them, until Thursday next.

Ordered, That Sir John Robinson and Sir John Fredericke do give Intimation to the Lord Mayor this Afternoon, -that this House doth take notice of die great Neglect of the City of London in collecting of the Money upon the Poll- Bill, and upon the Acts of Assessment, in the several and respective Wards *, and that they speedily collect and pay in the fame: And Sir John Robinson is to report their Answer, and Proceedings therein, onMonday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Glascock and Mr. , Two Matters of the Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, We are commanded by the Lords to attend you with a Bill, which is intituled, An Act for the settling of all the Manors and Lands of the Earl of Cleve- A a a land.

land, in Trustees, to be sold for the satisfying of the Debts of the said Earl, and of Thomas Lord Wentworth his Son:

To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

Ordered, That the Bill for the settling of all the Manors and Lands of the Earl of in Trustees, to

be sold for the satisfying the Debts of the said Earl, and of Thomas Lord Wentworth, be read on Tuesday Morning next.

Mr. Secretary Morris acquaints this House with a dangerous Book, published in Print, intituled. The Long Parliament Revived , and that he had found out the Author, one Drake; who acknowledged that he writ the same: And that he is at the Door.

The laid Drake, being at the Door, was called in; and,

being at the Bar, the said Book, intituled, The Long Parliament Revived &c. being shewed unto him, he confesseth, that he was the Penner of this Book; and that it was his own Action.

Resolved, That William Drake do stand committed to the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee for Privileges, to read over the said Book, intituled. The Long Parliament Revived; to examine the Matter of Fact; to state the material Points, that are olfenfive in this Book; and to report it to the House.

Monday, xix'h No, 1660.

Pray e rs.

THE humble Petition of Sir John , and others,

was read.

Ordered, That the Committee for the Lord of Bedford's Bill, touching the Fens, be revived; and do fit this Afternoon in the Duchy-Court: And that this Petition be referred to the said Committee, to examine the Matter of Fast; and, if they fee Cause, to bring in an Act for Re-Kef of the Petitioners: And the Knight and Burgeflbs for Lincolneshire be added to that Committee.

A Bill, for enabling of J to fell Lands for Payment of Debts, was this Day read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time, on Friday Morning next.

A Bill, ingrossed, for uniting and consolidating the Parishes of St Andrew's and St Mary Wilton, in Droitweight in the County of Worcester, was this Day read the Third time.

A Proviso, ingrossed, was tendered to this Bill; That it be Enacted, that this Act, or any thing therein contained, shall not extend to prejudice or bar the Right of Cave Becke Clerk, unto the Rectory of St. Mary Witton, who was presented unto the said St. Mary Witton, by his Majesty, under the Great Seal of England, fmee the First Day of May last, and before the Ninth Day of September last; and is instituted and indufted into the lame: But that he the said Cave Becke shall and may have, hold, and enjoy the said Rectory for and during the Term of his natural Life , any thing in this Act to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding: Which was this Day read the First time , and laid aside.

And the said Bill, being put to the Question, passed. Resolved, That this be the Title of this Act; viz. An Act for uniting of the Parishes of St. Andrew's and St. Mary Witton, in Droitweich in the County of Worcester.

Ordered, That Bill be fens to the Lords: And that Mr. Street do carry it to the Lords.

The humble Petition of Jane Done, Executrix of Charles Thynn -, praying to grant her Leave to take her just Remedy at Law and Equity, against Sir Samuel Jones Knight, a Member of this House, for a Debt of Four thousand Pounds, due by Statute to her from the Earl of Norwich, in the Year 1639; was read.

4

The humble Petition of Christopher Metcalfe, Surveyor General of his Majesty's Customs, was read.

Ordered, That this Petition be referred to a Committee; with Power to fend few James Nuttall, Maurice Tompson, James Herringham, John Alward, Edward Roberts, James Phillips, Jof. Loe, Richard Hunt, John. Legger, Day, Halfepenny, and all other Persons therein concerned; and to examine the Matter of Fast; and who are the Owners of the Goods forcibly taken away, without Payment of Customs; and who are Owners of the Ships; and to report it to this House: unto Mr. Anfley,

Sir George Downing, Mr. Hollis, Mr. Jening, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Lowell, Mr. Goodrick Sir Ant. Ashly Cooper, Sir Solomon Swayle, Sir Thomas Dacres, Sir John Fredrickc, Mr. Sollicitor General, Sir John Relies, Mr. Thomas, Mr. Knight, Mr. Titus, Mr. Wingfield, Mr. Mr. , Mr. Ellison: And are to meet this Afternoon, in the Exchequer-Chamber, at Two of the Clock. The special Care of this Business is referred to Sir George Downing.

The humble Petition of Anne and Mary, Daughters and Coheirs of Edmund Church Esquire, deceased, was read.

Ordered, That this Petition be recommended to the Commissioners appointed by the King's Majesty, to treat with Purchasers of Deans and Chapters Lands; to do Right to the Petitioners: And this House doth specially recommend the Petitioners to their Respects in the Matter prayed: And the said Commissioners are desired, in this Cafe, to give their Order or Advice to the said Dean and Chapter, to forbear to make any Lease of the Manor of Mucking in Essex, to any Person, until the said Commissioners have determined the Business.

The House, according to former Order, took into Debate the Settlement of One hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, to be settled on the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in Compensation for the Court of Wards.

Resolved, That this Debate be adjourned until Wednesday Morning next.

Tuesday, xx!h Nove, 1660.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, that one Mr. Richard Franklin did, in the Lobby by the House of Commons Door, give reproachful and abusive Language unto Mr. Bainton, a Member of this House;

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Franklin be sent for, in Custody, by the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That it be referred to die Committee of Privileges, to examine this Business concerning Mr. Richard Franklin; and to state the Matter of Fast; and report it to this House.

A Bill, for making Provision of Livelihood and Maintenance for the younger Children of Sir Edward Gofticke was this Day read the Second time; and, upon the Question, committed unto Sir Tho. Rowfc, Sir Capell Lucken, Sir Ant. Irby, Mr. Willoughby, Sir Sol. Swayle, Sir Henry Cefar, Mr. Pedley, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Sir Hen.

North, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Crowcb, Mr. Goodrick, and all the Knights and Burgesses, who serve for the Counties of Hertford and Bedford: And they are to meet in the Court of Wards, at Two of the Clock this Afternoon; with Power to fend for Persons, Papers, Witnesses, and what else may conduce to the Business.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee for Privileges, to examine the Miscarriage of a Warrant for a Writ issued for the Election of a Burgess to serve for the Borough of Tiverton in the County of Devon, so that the W rit cannot be executed; by reason whereof this House is deprived of a Member; and to state the Matter of Fad i and report it to this House.

Ordered,

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do grant his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, to issue forth a Writ for the Election of a Knight of the Shire, to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Gloucester, in the Place of Mr. Serjeant Hacalled by his Majesty to be Chief Baron of his Highness' Court of Exchequer: And the Lord Chancellor is to issue and pals the same under the Great Seal of England accordingly.

A Bill, ingossed, for the speedy levying of the Arrears of the Twelve Months Assessments, commencing the Twenty-fourth of June 1659; and the Six Months Assessment, commencing the Twenty-fifth of December 1659 v was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Word " late" be inserted in the 3d Line of the 2 Folio, before the Word " Treasurers."

Resolved, That these Words, viz. " appointed by the said Atft," next after the Word " War," Folio 2. Line 3. be omitted.

Resolved, That this be the Tide of this Bill; An Act for the levying of the Arrears of the Twelve Months Assessment, commencing 24 Jane 1659; and the Six Months Assessments, commencing 25 December 1659.

And the said Bill, lo amended, being put to the Que-ftion, palfed.

Ordered, That this Bill be sent to the Lords: And that Mr. Prynn do> carry this Bill to the Lords.

Ordered, That Mr. Arfley and Mr. Prynn do withdraw,

and. pen a Letter, to be sent to the Benchers of the several Inns of Court, and Heads of the Houses of the several Inns of Chancery, to take effectual Order, that the several Members of their respective Houses, and all other Persons who Ihelter themselves there, who have not paid their Poll-Money, do make speedy Payment thereof.

Mr. Serjeant Rains ford reports, from the Committee of Privileges, the several offensive Passages, in the Book, intituled, ‘The Long Parliament Revived with several Votes of the Committee thereupon: Which were by the Reporter read in his Place* and were after read by the Clerk; and were as followeth viz.

" All other Parliaments" (speaking of the Long Parliament) " have no legal Capacity, till this be legally dif-l'olved." Page 6.

" The Act is express, that by no Means* but by an Act of Parliament, it shall be difiolved which* being it cannot be done by the dead King, but may be done by his Successor, it ought to be so difiolved; else it remains in full Being and Authority." Page 14.

" The legal Being of the Long Parliament is evident." Page 16th.

" Though many excellent Things have been done by this Parliament, yet, their Authority not being legally founded, the Nation can promise to themselves no Happiness nor Assurance." Page 16th.

" It were to be wished, the Legislative Authority might revert into the right Chanel." Page 17.

That being a lawful Parliament, this can be none." Page 2i.

At the Committee of Privileges, , 17 No-

vember 1660

‘ Resolved, upon the Question ,'

1. That the Pamphlet, intituled. The Long Parliament Revived &c. is fedidous, in those Particulars which were alleged at the Committee.'

1 2. That the House be moved, to order, that the said Pamphlet be publicldy burnt by the Hands of the common Hangman.'

‘3. That die House be defined to appoint a Committee for the drawing up an Impeachment, in the Name of all the Commons of England', against William Drake, for penning and publishing of this seditious Pamphlet; to be presented to the Lords.'

4. That the House be moved, that the said William Drake may be kept under such Restraint, that none may have Accel's to speak with him.*

The humble Petition of Wm. Drake of , Merchant, was read.

Resolved, That the Book, intituled. The Long Parliament Revived, is a seditious Pamphlet.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Impeachment against Wm. Drake *, and that Sir Henage Finch, Sir Edw. Turner, Mr. Annefly, Lord Howard, Mr. Hollis, Serjeant Glynn, Serjeant Maynard, Mr.

Mr. Bampfeild, Serjeant Rainsford, Sir Wm. Lewes, or any Four of them, be the Committee: And that the said Committee be also impowered to draw up Articles against the said Wm.Drake.

Sir Henage Finch reports an Impeachment against William Drake, Merchant, which he read in his Place.

Resolved, That the Impeachment be carried to the Lords j viz.

The Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled, do, in the Name of themselves, and of all the Commons assembled in Parliament, impeach William Drake of London, Merchant, of Sedition, for writing, printing, and publishing, a seditious Pamphlet, intituled. The Long Parliament Revived.

Ordered, That Mr. William Drake do remain in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, Until further Order.

Ordered, That the Earl of Cleveland's Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill for settling the Militia be read on Thursday Morning next.

Wednesday, xxith N, 1660.

Prayers.

THE humble Petition of the ancient Hackney Coachmen of London and Westwas read.

A Bill for incorporating of the Hackney Coachmen was this Day read the First time.

Ordered, That the Bill for making effectual the King's Majesty's Declaration concerning Ecclesiastical Affairs, according to the Purport thereof, be read Tomorrow Morning.

The House* according to former Order, did this Day relume the Debate, touching the settling of One hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, on the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in Compensation for the Court of Wards:

The Question being propounded, that the Moiety of the Excise of Beer, Ale, Cyder, Perry, and strong Waters, at the Rates it is now levied, shall be settled on the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors , in full Recompence and Satisfaction of all Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service , and of the Court of Wards and Liveries and all Emoluments and Profits thereby accruing; and in full Satisfaction of all Purveyance: And that the other Moiety of the Revenue of the Excise of Beer, Ale, Cyder, Perry and strong Waters, be settled upon the King's Majesty, for and during his natural Life in further Part of the Twelve hundred thousand Pounds per Annum Revenue, resolved to be settled on his Majesty:

And the Question being propounded, that the Word " Moiety" be Part of the Question

And the Question being put, that That Question be now put

It passed with the Affirmative:

And the main Question being put it was Resolved, That the Word " Moiety" be Part of the Question.

And the Question being put, that these Words; viz.

" and that the other Moiety of the Revenue of the Excise of Beer, Ale, Cyder, Perry, and strong Water, be settled on the King's Majesty, for and during his natural Life j

in

149.

*51.

in further Part of the Twelve hundred thousand Pounds per Annum Revenue, resolved to be settled on his Majesty be Part of the Question j The House was divided:

The Yeas went forth.

Mr. Cornwallis^ ( Tellers for the Yeas: I

Lord singer, t With the Yeas, i Lord Howard, I Tellers for the Noes:

Mr. slnjly, t With the Noes,

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Moiety of the Excise of Beer, Ale, Cyder, Perry, and strong Water, at the Rate it is now levied, shall be settled on the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; in full Recompence and Satisfaction of all Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service , and of the

Court of Wards and Liveries , and all Emoluments and Profits thereby accruing; and in full Satisfaction of all Purveyance.

Resolved, That on Friday next, the House do take into Consideration the settling of a Revenue of Twelve hundred thousand Pounds a Year on the King's Majesty.

! Thursday, xxii N1660.

Prayers.

AN Act, ingrafted, sent down from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the settling of all the Manors and Lands of the Earl of C, in Trustees, to be sold, for the satisfying of the Debts of the said Earl, and of ‘Thomas Lord Wentworth, his Son, was this Day read

the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time on Monday Morning next.

Mr. Clifford reports from the Committee for satisfying of publick Debts *

A Bill for the better settling and securing of the Peace of this Kingdom was this Day read the Second time; and, upon the Question, Ord, That this Bill be referred to a Committee of the whole House, to be con-lidered of on Saturday Morning: And that Mr. Speaker do then leave the Chair.

A Meftage from the Lords, by Mr. Glafcocke and Mr.

* , Two Masters of the Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords do desire a present Conference with the Members of this House, in the Painted Chamber, touching a Meftage which they received Yesterday from his Majesty.

The Messengers being again called in, Mr. Speaker gave them this Answer;

This House hath considered of your Meftage , and do agree to a present Conference, as is desired.

Ordered, That Mr. Annejly, Sir Henage , Mr.

Treasurer, Sir Anth.Affly Coop, Sir Edw. , Mr.

Charlton, Mr. Hollis, Sir William Lord,

Mr. Swinfen, do manage this Conference.

Mr. Hollis reports the Conference had with the Lords:

" That the Lord Chancellor was pleased to acquaint them. That, in order to that good Correspondence, which hath been continued, and which he desires may ever be he'd, between the Two Houses, That House had been careful to acquaint the House of Commons with all Matters of Conllquence, w'hich did occur: And that the l.ords having received a Meftage from the King's Majesty Yesterday; which they desired then to have prefendy communicated to you , and lent their Messengers to that Purpose , but the important Business of the House not then permitting, the Lords had therefore desired this Conference with them, to communicate his Majesty's Meftage to them: Which Meftage his Lordship read."

And the said Meftage was read by the Reporter, Handing in his Place , and after read by the Clerk j and was as followeth; viz.

4

CHARLES R.

TN Consideration of the Season of the Year, and the

Approach of Christmas, when the Members of Parliament will desire to be at their Houses in the Country; and, in regard of His Majesty's Coronation within a Month after Christmas, the Preparation for which will take up

much of His Majesty'sThoughts and Time; and the Time of His Servants, which therefore should be vacant from other Bufxnels; His Majesty hath thought fit to declare. That He resolves to dissolve this Parliament, on the Twentieth Day of the next Month; and to call another with convenient Speed , and that this His Purpose may be forthwith communicated to His Houses of Parliament; that they may the more vigorously apply themselves to the Dispatch of the most important Business that depends before them.

Given at Our Court at , the 20th Day of

November, 1660.

A Meftage from the Lords, by Mr. Brampfton and Mr. Hubbart, Two Masters of the Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords do desire the Concurrence of this House to these Two Bills: The one intituled, An Act for restoring Henry Lord Arundell of Warder to the Possession of his Estate: The other, intituled, An Act to enable Robert Lord Lexington, and Sir Thomas Williamson Baronet, to raise and levy the Sum of Two thousand Six hundred and Eighty Pounds, and Damages, out of the Manor and Lands of John Esquire.

Ordered, That Mr. Clifford do make his Report concerning Colonel Bulwar, Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee, to whom the Bill for taking away the Court of Wards is committed, do bring in the Bill, on Monday Morning next, perfected according to the Vote made Yesterday.

Friday, xxiiith Nov, 1660.

Prayers.

ffJRdered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Forest of Deane was referred, be and hereby is revived: And that they do meet this Afternoon, in Mr. Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Clifford makes Report from the Committee for publick Debts, upon the same of Colonel Anthony , as Governor of Scilly Island; as followeth j

The Sum, that the Committee, in Honour and Justice, conceive, ought to be paid to Colonel Anthony , is Three thousand Four hundred Thirty-six Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Ten-pence.

The Sum, that this Committee have left to the Consideration of this Honourable House, that he further claims, is Two thousand Nine hundred Sixty-seven Pounds Ten Shillings and Nine-pence.

The Sum, that he Hands engaged for to others, and of which, by the Opinion of this Committee, he ought to be indemnified, is Three thousand Five hundred Fifty-

s. d. 18 10

00 00 00 00

To

three Pounds Six Shillings and Seven Pence.

The Particulars whereof are as followeth;

To Robert Cam and Comp, for Corn") taken up for Relief of the Garrison: ForC28i which they have an Ordinance of Par-f 2 liament - — J To James Clerke of , Prin-1 ,

cipal 66 /. 18 s.4 d. — — ----- ----- ----- J 1

To Humphry Windham, Principal) 5o/. ----- ----- if. ----- ----- ----- ----- { 7°

l8p

To Jacob Paul fan. Malt, 75 /. — To Mr. Pytn of St. ——

To Pyppirt of Hought 30/. —

To Mr. Opy of Plymouth* 4Q h To Mr. Jennings* — - ——

C S. d.

95 00 00

40 00 00 60 00 00 337 07 09

3553 06 07

Resolved, That this House doth agree with tire Con> mittee, that the Sum of Three thousand Four hundred Thirty-six Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Ten-pence, re* ported, from the Committee for publick Debts, to be due to Colonel Anthony Bulleras a Debt, which they conceive ought in Honour and Justice to be paid him, be allowed and larisfied to the said Colonel Anthony Buller accordingly.

Resolved, That the said Sum of Three thousand Four hundred Thirty-six Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Ten-pence be and hereby is charged on the Receipt of Excise, arising by Foreign Commodities imported; and paid to the said Colonel Anthony or his Assigns, in

Course, next after the Sums shall be farisfied, which have been charged on the Receipt of Excise by Order of this Parliament. And the Commissioners for the Rxciie are impowered ind required to satisfy the same accordingly. And this Order, with the Acquittance of the said Colonel Buller.* or his Assigns, testifying the Receipt thereof, shall be, to the said Commiinoners, a sufficient Warrant and Discharge.

Resolved, That the Lofds Concurrence be defited herein: And Mr. Oxford is to carry it to the Lords.

Resolved* That) on Tuesday next, the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for endowing of Vicarages is referred, be made and taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That the humble Petidon of Rowland Lang-borne Esquire, be read, in the First Place, Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Heftnage Finch, his Majesty's SollidWr General, re*

ports, from the Committee, a Bill for raifrng of Six Months Assessments, at the Rate of Seventy thousand Pounds by the Month, to commence from the First of January 1660: Which was read the First and Second time; and, on the Question, committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Ordered, That if the said Committee shall fihd any Persons, named Commissioners in the former Act for Assessments, unfit to be so continued; or that it may be necessary to appoint additional Commissioners in any Counties; they do, in such Case, present their Opinion, and fit Names, to the House.

That it be referred to the same Committee, to insert, into the Bill, a Clause by way of Declaration for satisfying the People of this Kingdom, that the laying of these Six Months Assessments is from a present Necessity to take off the Burdens which do now lte upon the Kingdom, in order to their future Ease; and not with Intention, that this way of charging the People shall for the future be continued.

Ordered, That this House be resolved into a Grand Committee for this Business, on Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up, and insert into the Bill for taking away the Court of Wards and Tenures, additional Clauses for settling the Moiety of the Excise of Beer and Ale fcfr. on the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; in Compensation for the Court of Wards and Tenures j and in Satisfaction for Purveyance; according to the Vote of this House of the Twenty-first Instant, and for the taking away of Purveyance, so as the said Vote may be effectual: And that Mr. Pierpont* Sir John Northcot* Mr. Goodricke* Lord

Howard* Mr. Bulkley* Sir Lancelot Mr. Daniel,

Sir John Marsham, Sir John Fredricke* Mr. Mr.

Chafe* Mr. Secretary Morris*Sir Sol. Mr. Pryn*

Mr. Jellijfe* Sir John Potts* Mr. Sir Edm. Boyer* Serjeant Charlton* Sir Wtn. Wild* Sir Gerard* Mr.

Shaw* Mr. Ferrers* Sir Geo.Downing* Mr. Lucy* Serjeant Glynn* Mr. Molleneux* Sir Edw. Turner* Mr. How* Sir Win. Doyly* Sir Hen. FinMr. Westphalin* Mr* John Robinson* and all the Gentlemen of this House who are of the Long Robe, be the said Committee: And Mr. Pierpont and Mr. Sollicitor General are desired to take care herein: And they are to meet in Mr. Speaker's Chamber, at Two of the Clock this Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Bill for preventing of Thefts and Robberies on the Northern Borders (being this Day reported by the Lord Howard)be read Tomorrow Morning*

Sir William Doyly reports, from the Commissioners for Disbanding the Army, a Rqpresentation of the further Progress by them" made in Disbanding and Paying off the Forces since their former; dated 6 Nov. Instant;

C I- d.

c Earl of Peterlurgh's Regiment, — 9836 02 ar

T3

<U

q

J S?

a

Vi

Colonel Hubbletbors, —

Earl of Oxford's*

Lord Haw lye's*

Sir Ant. Ashly Cooper's* Colonel Sir Edw. RcJJiter's,

The Ship called the

Three Troops of the Lord Falk- \

land's Regiment, — ----- --- ]

1 Captain Mason's Company, -

Lieutenant Colonel hum's Com- ] pany, —

In all, Disbanded,

12085 08 06 15989 09 or 16510 18 or 15027 04 11 14049 10 07

9329 06 08

IIOI 10 60 1083 12 OO

83498 13 3

And so remans, to be disbanded, the several Regiments and Garrisons following; viz.

The Account of these Regiments and Garrisons are stated; but, for want of Money, we cannot pay them off.

England*

'Col. Ingoldfbye's Re-1 giment of Horse, 5 Col. O'Neale's Regiment of Horse, J Life Guard of Horse, Isle of Weight* . Browne Sea Castle, —

Walmer Castle, ——

Deale Castle, — <

Tilbury Fort, ....

*. Landguard Fort,- — -

f. s. d.

i3>738 °5 98

16,398 00 05 6,074

The Account of these Regiments and Garrisons are now in stating; and, \ by Estimate, require the several Sums here mentioned.

General'sRegiment of 1 Foot, — — S General'sRegiment of I

Horse, ----- --- — s

Duke of Fork's Re-1 giment of Horse, J Sir Ralph Knight's > Regiment of Horse, J

Hereford* .....- — -

Guernsey*..... —

Jersey* ——

Portsmouth* — — -Tower of London* —

3*7io

123

425

518

787

867

I3»728

18.197 14,520

18.197

52

L936

3*440

629

70

19 07 10 06 03 04 01 00 03 08 09 08 OI 02

05 OO 12 OO

18 OO

12 OO

13 OO 07 OO l6 OO

19 OO 04 OO

113,417 01 00

Sum — -

Eighteen Ships, which, by Estimate

made up to this Day, will require > 138,132 10 00 the Sum of — ----- ----- ----- --J

Bbb

In all for England*251,549 11 00

Scotland

ipo

Scotland,

In all

Journals of the House of Commons. A. I

£ s. d. Colonel Clerk's Regiment of) ,

Foot, in Part, - -f 7'5°° 00 00

Three Troops of the Lord,) ____

Falkland's, ----- ----- - f 9,329 00 00

.Captain Fong's Company — 1,101 ro 00

17*930 10 00

The Total Sum requisite to this 23 of November 1660, besides the casual I Sums mentioned in our said Represen- >269,480 01 00 , tation, comes to, by way of Estimate, I the Sum of - J

Which said casual Sums, as by our j former Representation, are estimated 150,000 00 eo at - — 3

Total Sum wanting — — — 419,480 61 00

He also reports the present State of Calli; viz.

The Treasurers for the Poll- Bill have 1 received, from several Counties, Cities, I.

and Places, mentioned in their Accompt f *4 05

annexed, the Sum of — — — J

They have also received upon Loan, 1 Which is to be repaid out of the Two > 37,765 10 00 Months Assessments, — — — 3

In all received, — — — — 137,3440405

Whereof, paid by the said Treasurers, 130,749 14 08

And so there remains, in Calli, no )

— — — f 0,594.09 09

more than the Sum of

1 Against which, there is to be paid,

Tor Bills of Exchange accepted by % the said Commissioners, and already £ 10,197 07 09 charged upon the said Treasurers, — 3 Besides, the said Commissioners have given Credit to draw Bills of Exchange Upon them, for Disbanding Three Troops of the Lord Falkland's Regiment, and Colonel Dany ell's Regiment

of Foot in Scotland , which may a-:

mount to — — — — ----- ----- --,

likewise, they have given Credit fori Sir Anthony Ashly Cooper, to complete ( the Payment of his Regiment of Horse T lately disbanded 1 which will be — j

20,000 00 00

2,000 00 00

in case those Bills should presently come upon them, as they cannot but expe'ft.

He also reports a Particular of Monies received on the Poll- Bill, until the 21 of November 1660; comprehending the Monies received, of the Nobility $ the Members of this House; the Aldermen *, Persons who have fined for Aldermen; Aldermens Deputies, and Common Council of the City of London; the Officers of Chancery, King's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer; the several Companies of the City of London >and several Counties: Amount-

ing, in the Whole, to — — —

On the Loan Account — —

To the Treasurers, in Part of> the Second 20,0001. Warrant, — 1

99*578/. 14.S. 0 5d.

37*765 IO OO

*37*344 04 05

118,252 °3 02

12,497 11 06

6,594 09 °9

*37*344 04 05

r-i

01 02

Being, besides Bills of Exchange Branding out.

Paid by Alignments of parti cular Sums in several Counties

Mr. Pryn doth also report, from the Commissioners for Disbanding the Army, the Desire of the said Commissioners, that the Treasurers for the Two last Months Assessments, may grant Assignations for Disbanding and Paying off the Regiments of Colonel Oneale, and Colonel Sir Richard In-goldsby, upon several Counties and Cities; and also, that the Members serving for the Counties may be ordered to write down, that the Money may. be ready with all Expedition *, the said Two Regiments amounting each to Sixty-three Pounds per Diem j both, to Threfe thousand Five hundred and Twenty-eight Pounds Menfem j viz.

Colonel s Regiment.

So the Total to be paid, for which) the Commissioners have given Credit, j 3 97 7 9

For the rest of the Money of the Poll- Bill, for other Counties, not expressed in the said Treasurer's Accompt annexed, it hath been assigned for Disbanding those Regiments of Horse and Foot, that quartered in those Counties (which, as the Commissioners are informed, are all in Effect paid) and iflfued for the Purpose aforesaid, except some small Sums, that are inconsiderable.

Note, That, whereas the Treasurers for the Two Months Assessments, have, as before, charged themselves to have received Thirty-seven thousand Seven hundred Sixty-five Pounds Ten Shillings, lent upon his Majesty's Letter to the City of the 20 October 1660 , wherein he desiredOne hundred thousand Pounds might be advanced in Ten Days , and engaged his Royal Word, that not One Penny of the said Two Months Assessments should be employed to any other Lie, till the Advancers were reimbursed; by which means the Commissioners cannot dispose of any Part of the same; and so the whole Business of Disbanding is at a Stand for the present: Neither do they find themselves in a Condition to satisfy the Bills of Exchange, for which their Credits are already engaged.

s. d.

Devon - 6007 11 0

Dorset — — — — 2623 01 0

Gloucester — — - — 3252 *3 4

Gloucester City — - 325 02 4

Somersett — — - ' 5444 °9 0

Wilts — — — — 3888 *7 8

Excester — — - 214 *5 0

Briftoll — — — — 342 04 4

22,098 *3 8

Counties of < Colonel Sir Rich. Regiment.

Cambridge — — — 2 205 00 0

Isle of Ely — — — 735 00 0

Huntington — - — — 1244 08 0

Bedford — — — — 1766 *3 4

Bucks — — — — 35*6 *3 4

Northampton — — — 2800 00 O

Leicester — — ~ 2177 15 4

Oxon — — 22*55 11 O

Warwick — — — 2488 *7 8

Worcester — — — 2364 08 8

21,554 07 4

Resolved, That the Monies due and arising, upon the last Act for Two Months Assessments, commencing the First Day of November Instant, within the Counties of Dorset, Gloucester, Somerset, W, and the Cities of Glou-

cester, Excester, and Brijloll, be applied to the Paying off

the Monies due to Colonel Oneas Regiment, quartering in the Parts thereabouts, for their Disbanding *, and that the Members serving for those Counties and Cities do write down Letters to the Commissioners thereof, that the Money be provided with all Expedition,

Resolved

12 Car; II. Journals of the House of Commons. ipi

Resolved, That the Money due and arising upon the and ', to the Dignity and Title of Duke of

Act for Two Months Assessments, commencing the First was this Day read the First time,

of November Instant, within the Counties of Cambridge, That this Bill be read the Second time on Isle of Ely, Huntington, Bedford, Bucks, Northampton, Lei- Tuesday Morning next.

cester, Oxon, Wanvicke, and Worcester, be applied to the

paying off the Monies due to Colonel Sir Richard In- , That the ingrafted Bill* for enabling John goldjly's Regiment, quartering the reabouts, for their dif- Newton to fell Lands for Payment of Debts, be, read on banding: And that the Members serving for those Coun- Monday Morning next.

ties do write down Letters to the Commissioners thereof, that the Money be provided with all Expedition.

Ordered, That the Members of the House, who lerve for the City of London, do bring in Tomorrow Morning, a Particular of the Monies chargeable on the City of London, and the adjacent Counties, by virtue of the last Act of Two Months Assessments; to the Intent Order may be taken for applying the same to the Satisfaction of such Sums of Monty, as have been advanced by the City, on the Credit of the said Act.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Poll-Office is referred, be and hereby is revived: And that they do meet at Two of the Clock this Afternoon, in Mr. Speaker's Chamber; and to make Report to the House with all convenient Speed.

- Ordered, That, bn Tuesday Morning next, the House

do take into Consideration the settling of a Revenue of Twelve hund red thousand Pounds per Annum on the King's Majesty.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill concerning the appropriate Reflory of Preston in the County of Suffolke is referred, be and hereby is revived: And that they do meet at Two of the Clock this Afternoon j in Mr. Speaker's Chamber.

Saturday)xxiiii N 1666.

Prayers.

A Bill, sent from the Lords, for feftoring Henry Lord Arundell of Wardor to the Possession of his Ellate, was this Day read the First time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Second time on 'Tuesday next.

Ordered, That the Bill for enabling Mr. Mickleibwayt

to fell Lands for Payment of Debts, and railing Portions, be read the Second time on Monday Morning next.

The humble Petition cf Rowland Langhome Esquire was this Day read.

Resolved, That the Demands of Rowland Langhome Esquire, for the Arrears mentioned in his Petition, shall, in due time, be taken into Consideration and that, for his present Supply, and towards Satisfaction of the said Arrears, the Sum of Three thousand Pounds be charged on the Receipts arising by the Excise of foreign Commodities imported, and paid to the said Rowland or his Assigns, in Course, after the other Sums shall be satisfied, which, by former Orders of this Parliament, are charged on the Receipt of Excise: And the Commissioners of Excise are impowered and required to pay the same accordingly: And this Order, together with the Acquittance of the said Rowland , or his Assigns,

testifying his Receipt thereof, shall be to the said Commissioners a sufficient Warrant and Discharge.

- Resolved, That the Lords Concurrence be desired here-

in: And Captain Tytus is to carry it to the Lords.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Glafcocke and , Mailers of Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to present this Bill to this House being for Restitution of Thomas Earl of Arundell., Surrey, and to the Dignity

and Title of Duke of Norfolke: Wherein they desire the Concurrence of this House.

A Bill for Restitution of Thomas Earl of Sur-

4

Sir George Downing reports from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Christopher , Surveyor-

General of his Majesty's Customs, was referred,^tTieotate of Fast, as to the Proceedings of several Persons, called Smugglers, in conveying away secretly several Goods* to the defrauding of his Majesty of his Customs; and in' refilling his Majesty's Officers in doing their Duties touching the said Goods. f 1

Resolved, That it be referred back to the same Committee, to prepare such Remedies, as they shall think fit, for preventing the like Inconveniencies for the future; and for the making of his Majesty's Revenue by the Customs more certain and settled ,. and to consider of a Bill, in the Hands of Sir Wm. prepared for that Purpose; and to report the same to the House.

Ordered, That his Majesty's Counsel learned bd desired to take notice of this Riot; and to take effectual Order, that the Rioters be proceeded with in the King's Bench, and in the Court of Exchequer, according to Law.

Resolved, That Mr. Hollis, Sir Wm. Lewes, Sir George Downing, and'Mr. Hide, be desired to repair forthwith to the Lord Chief Justice of the King's-Bench; and communicate to him the Nature of the Proceedings repre* fented this Day to the House, to the' great Prejudice of his Majesty's Customs; and to desire his Lordship's special Care, that Justice may be done upon the Offenders: As also, to the Lord Chief Baron; and to desire his Lord* Blips' s Care, that his Majesty's Duties for Customs be duly answered; and such as shall' imbezzle the fame, to be effectually proceeded against % and that the Goods ia Question he not vpeftored.

Drdered, That Sir William Petui be added to the Committee for publick Debts.

The Quelition being put, that the Cqmtaittee, to whom it was referred to prepare a Bill upon his Majesty's Declaration concerning Ecclesiastical Affairs, do bring in the Bill on Tuesday next;

The House was divided:

And the Yeas went forth.

Mr; Bafcawen, t Tellers for the Yeas: 1 Mr. Marvell, \ With the Yeas, J *7

Mr. Shaw, t Tellers for the Noes:

Sir Tho. Rich, O \ With the Noes, f

So it passed in the Negative.

Captain Tytus reports, that he went to the Lords House with the Order of this Day, concerning Rowland Langhome Esquire , but found their Lordships engaged in a Debate:

Ordered, That Captain Titus do: carry the said Order to the Lords on Tuesday next.

Resolved, That the Committee, to whom it is referred to prepare a Bill upon his Majesty's Declaration concerning Ecclesiastical Affairs, do bring in the Bill on Wednesday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Dr. Bennet and , Two Mailers of the Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to bring you Two Bills: One, for the Naturalizing of Francis AJtley, Son of Isaack AJtley Lord AJtley, an Infant of the Age of Six Years, or thereabouts, born in Holland: The other, for Naturalizing of Renee de Sabran, an Infant of about Eight Years of Age: Wherein their Lordships desire the Concurrence of this House.

Mr.

ipi journals of the House of Commons. A.

Mr. Shaw reports, from the Committee, Amendments to the Bill for preventing the Exportation of Wool, Wool-fells, Fullers Earth &(.: Which he read in his Place , and were after read the First and Second time by tile Clerk; and, oh the Question, agreed.

Resolved, That this Bill, with the said Amendments; be ingrafted.

This House doth adjourh itself to Monday next, at Eight of the Clock.

Monday, xxvi November1660.

Prayers.

A Bill for enabling Mr. Joseph Micklethwaii to fell Lands for Payment of Debts, and raising Portions, was This Day read the Second time; and, on the Question, committed to Sir Henry Sir,

Sir Christopher Clapham, Mr; , Mr. Gray, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Walter Erie, Sir Solomon Swayle, Mr. Thomas, Sir Lancelot Lake, Mr. Goodrich, Mr.

Mr. Ellijbn, Sir Geo. Downing, Sir Wilfred Lawfm, Mr.

Rigby, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Shapcot, and all the Members of this House, serving for the County and City of Toth: And they ate to meet at Two of die Clock this Afternoon, in the Inner Court of Wards.

Ordered, by the and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled. That the Sum of Three thousand Four hundred and Fifty Pounds, due and owing to Cap? tain Thomas LoddingtOn, for Provisions by him ftimished for the Garrison of Dunkirque, and charged by the kft Council of State on the Receipt of Exchequer, be charged on the Receipt of Excise arising by the Moiety of the Excise of Beer and Ale,- and paid to the said 'Thomas Lo-dingtau, or his Assigns, m Course, next after the other Sums satisfied, which, by former Orders of this Parliament, ait chargeable on (he laid Receipt: And the Commissioners for the Excise are hereby irapowered and required to pay the same accordingly: And this Order, with the Acquittance of the iaid Thomas Lodingtoit, or his Assigns, testifying the Receipt thweof, shaft bo go the said Commissioners a sufficient Warrant and Discharge.

The Lords Concurrence is desired herein i And Sir Edw. Timer is to carry it to the Lordp.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Turner do put the Lords in mihd of several Bills sent from this House; Viz. For Naturalizing of several Persons: For enabling the County Of Durham to fend Members to serve in Parliament: That, for confirming Leases from Colleges and Hospitals: That, for confirming Magna Charta And also, of the Orders of this House for paying Monies out of the Excise to Sir Thomas Dacres, and Mr. Peeke.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling Milward to fell Lands for Payment of Debts, be and hereby is revived.

Ah ingrafted Bill, for enabling Mr. John Newton to fell Lands for Payment of Debts, was this Day read the Third time \ and, on the Question, passed.

Ordered, That the Title of the said Bill be. Ah- Act for the enabling of John Newton the younger, and William Oakeley, to make Sale of Lands for Payment of Debts, and railing Portions.

Ordered, That this Bill be sent to the Lords *. And that Sir Edward Turner do carry it to the Lords.

Ordered, That the Bill prepared1 by the Committee of Trade for restraining the planting of English Tobacco, be read on Wednesday Morning next.

A Bill for the settling of all the Manors and Lands* of the Earl of Cleveland in Trustees, to be sold, for the satisfying of the Debts of the said Earl, and of Thomas Lord 5

Wentworth, his Son, was this Day read the Second time j and committed to Sir Lancelot Lake, Sir Tho. Dacres, Sir Christopher Clapham, Mr. John Stevens, Sir John Northedt, Mr. Thomas, Sir Henry Cefar, Sir mon SwaileA Sir Edward Manfell, Mr. Tong, Sir Harbert Perrot; Mr. Bulkley, Sir Horatio Townsend, Mr. feild'i Mr, Baker, Mr. Stroade, Mr. How, Mr.

Sir Anth. Irby, Mr. Shapcott, Mr Mr. Edw.

Stevetts, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Tompkins, Colonel Morley, Mr. Swanton, Mr. Growth, Sir George Downing, Mr. /Udworth, Sir John Rowfe, Sir Tho. Widdrington, Sir Hugh Pollard, Mr. Ferrers, Lord , Sir Walter

Sir Edw. Turner, Sir Jo. Lowth, Mr; Geo. Montague, Mr; Knightly, Mr. SheThard; Mr; Sir John Bar-

rington, Mr. Harris; Sir John Marsham, Sir Geo. Booth, Mr. Swinfen, Colonel Grey; Mr. Sir John Ro-

binfon; Mr. Hartijbn, Lord Viscount Mr. Vowell,

Mr. Daniell, Mr; Thornton; Mr. Courtop, Colonel King, Mn Boudarda, Lord Falkland; Mr; Lowther, Finch,

Mr. Trevet, Mr. Jolliffe; Mr. Eyire; Sir Ralph Knight , Sir Samuel Luke; Sit Franc. Gerard, Mr. Marvell, Lord Lord St. John;Mr; Knight, Lord Richardson, Sir Richard

Onslow, Mr. Bafcawen; Mr. Wm. Montague; Mr. pont. Sir Georgi Saville, Sir George Reevet, Mr. Wendy, and all the Members of this House; serving for the Counties of Middlesex and Essex, and for the Cities of London and Westminster and all the Gentlemen of this House, who are of the Long Robe: And they are to hear all Parties concerned; and to take Confederation of the Cafes of Persons who have absolute Conveyances, and of fueft as have made great Improvements; as also of the Names of Trustees on Behalf of the Purchasers; and to receive and consider of all Petitions, that shall be presented to them concerning this Business. And the Proviso tendered to this Bill, concerning the Earl of Manchester, and Georg* Montague Esquire, being, as is alleged, consented to by the Earl of Cleveland, and the Lord Wentworth, is hereby specially recommended to this Committee: And they are to meet at Two of the Clock Tomorrow in the Afternoon, in the inner Court of Wards: And have Power Go fend for Persons, Papers, Evidences, and Witnesses, and what else may conduce to the Business.

A Bill for settling the great Level of the Fens was this Day read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time on ThursdayMorning next.

The Question being propounded, that the Members of this House, who serve for the City of London, have Leave to bring in a Bill for charging Two Months Assessments on that City, after the Rate of Seventy thousand Pounds by the Month, for the Charge of the Trophies, Officers, and other Contingencies of the Militia there;

The House was divided:

And the Yeas went forth.

Sir Anth. Irby, c Tellers for the Noes:?'

Mr. Gerard, I With the Noes, J 1‘

Six John. Robtnfon, C Tellers for the Yeas:)

Sir Samuel Jones, I With the Yeas,) */

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That no new private Business be received into this House, nor any depending in the House proceeded in, for the Space of Six Days, nor, after Six Days expired, on any following Day after Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon, during the present Session: And, in the mean time. Committees may proceed to prepare Reports for the House upon any Matters depending under Reference.

Mr. Sollicitor General reports an Impeachment, in the Name of this House, and of all the Commons of England, against William Drake, Citizen and Merchant of Which was read; and, 00 the Question, agreed.

Resolved, Tint this Impeachment be ingrafted; and lb brought in Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved,

Resolved, That Joseph Crawho printed the

Pamphlet, intituled, The Long Parliament being

now in the Custody of the Seqeant at Arms attending this House, be discharged, and set at Liberty.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill concerning Pottage of Letters is referred, do meet at Three of the dock this Afternoon in the Chequer-Chamber: And that Colonel King, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Colonel

West, Sir John'Talbott, Lord Bruice, Mr. Grey, Sir John Downey, Sir Jo. Barringtoh, Sir Geo. Sir Wilfred

Lawson, Mr. Shaw, Sir Charles Mr.

Sir Hehry Cefar, Mr. Wendy, Colonel Hatcher, Mr. cawen, Mr. Armfton, Mr. Merry, Sir Rich. Hopkins, be

added to that Committee.

Ordered, That the Lord Br be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Earl of Brijtoll is referred.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bills against Profanation of the Sabbath*, and against profane Swearing; be read on Wednesday Morning next.

Mr. Tytus brings Answer, that he had carried to the

Lords the Order of this House for Rowland Esquire: And that the Lord Chancellor gave him Answer, that the Lords were, at that time, in Debate of a Matter of great Moment i but they had appointed a Day to consider of this, and of other things ferit from the House of Commons; and that they will ftioitly fend Answer by Messengers of their own.

Troubles, from the Year of our -Lord One thousand Six hundred Forty-two, until the First of August One thousand Six hundred Sixty: But that they, and every of them, shall be, and are hereby, absolutely acquitted and discharged of and from the feme."

Ordered, That} in the Beginning of the said Clause, these Words be added, " Provided further:'* And the said Clause, so amended, was, on the Question, agreed; and ordered to be ingrossed with the Bill for endowing Vicarages } and be made Part thereof.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Consideration of Fees is referred, be revived, and that they do fit de die in diem, and make a speedy Report to the House: And they have Power to consider of aft Fees taken by any Officers, as well those belonging to Courts of Justice, as others: And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Chequer-Chamber: And Colonel West is added to the Committee.

Ordered, That it be refeired to the Committee, to whom the Bill for Highways is referred, to prepare a Bill for restraining of Carriages, as to the Number of Beasts-for Draught, and Proportion of Weight} and also to in* fert therein such Clauses of the for ther Bill, as they shall judge agreeable with the present Sense of this Hblife j and to report the feme} with all convenient Speed: And Sir Lancelot Lake, Mr ..Prynn, Sir Francis Gerard, Mr. Bahrft feild, Mr. Goodricke, and Mr. Eyre, are added to the Committee: And it is specially recommended to them to take care bf this Business;

! Tuesday^xxVII'h N, i 660.

Prayers.

MR. Marvell reports further Amendments, and Two Provisoes, to the Bill for creating and endowing of Vicarages out of impropriate Rectories: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place*, and were after read the First and Second time by the Clerk: And, on the Questioil, the said Amendments and Provisoes, With the Amendments and Provilb formerly reported, were, on the Question, agreed.

Resolved, That this Bill, with all the said Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Marvell reports, from the said Committee} the Desire of the said Committee, that this House would desire his Majesty, that he would be pleased to write his Letter to the Colleges in the Universities, that they would take into Consideration their respective Impropriations, and augment the Vicarages, or Curates Places, belonging thereto, to such Proportion, as will consist With the Maintenance of their laid Colleges.

Mr. Knightly reports further Amendments, and aPro-

viso, to the Bill for malting the Precinct of a distinct Parish: Which he first read in his Place; and was after read by the Clerk the First and Second time \ and, on the Question, agreed.

Resolved, That tins Bill, with the Amendments and Provilb, be ingrossed.

- Mr. Prynn tenders a Clause to the Bill for endowing Vicarages out of appropriate Rectories: Which was read the First and Second time, and is as followeth j

" Be it Enacted, by the King's most Excellent Majesty, and the Lords and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled. That no Incumbent, or Possessor of any Parsonage, Vicarage, or Owner of any impropriate / Rectory, within this Kingdom, or the Dominion of Wales, shall be accountable to any Archbishop, Bishop, Archdeacon, or any other Ecclesiastical Person, for any Sum or Sums of Money, incurred, or grown due, for any Arrears of Synodals, Proxies, or Pensions, to them, or any of them, in respect of Visitations, during the late

The House, according to former Order, took into Debate the Business of his Majesty's Revenue.

Resolved, That the other Moiety of the Revenue of the Excise of Beer, Ale, Cyder, Perry, strong Waters, Chocoletta, Coffee, Sherbett, and Metheglin, be settled on the King for and during his natural Life; in full of the Twelve hundred thousand Pounds per Annum Revenue, resolved to be settled oh his Majesty. '

Resolved, That the several Particulars, of Chocoletta, Coffee, Sherbett, and Metheglin,' be added to the former Vote for settling a Moiety of the Excise of Beer and Ale on his Majesty, inCompenfetion for the Court of Wards and Purveyances.

Resolved, That the Time for Commencement of that Part of his Majesty's Revenue, which is to arise from the Excise of Beer, Ale &c. be the Twenty-fifth bf December 1660.

Resolved, That the Committee for his Majesty's Revenue be revived , and that they do meet de die in diem , and fit at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Queen's Court: And Mr. Louther, Sir John Talbott, Mr. Bafcawen, and Mr. Reames, are added to the Committee.

Rifolvedi That if be referred to the Committee for his Majesty's Revenue, to state the- several particular Heads, from which the yearly Revenue of Twelve hundred thousand Pounds for his Majesty is to arise; and to prepare Bills, as they shall find necessary, for the settling and making the same effectual, and to report the Whole to the House j And Colonel King, Mr. , and Mr. Tong, are added to that Committee.

Resolved, That the Committee, that brought in the Excise- Bill, be revived, and that they fit this Afternoon, and speedily consider of forming the said Bill, as to foreign and inland Commodities, in such Sort, as may be consistent with the Votes of this House, for settling the Excise of Bear and Ale on his Majesty, and to Strike out of the Bill those Clauses, which concern Ale and Beer: And they are to inform themfdvei, what Debts have , been charged by this Parliament on the Receipt of Excise; and what other publick Debts are charged thereon and to report a List of them to the House: And the said Committee are to meet de die in till the same be perfected , and report the Whole to the House.

*Cc« Resolved,

Resolved, That the Members of this House, who are of his Majesty's Privy-Council, be desired to attend the King's Majesty; and humbly represent to him, in the Name of this House, the great Sense this House hath of the many ExprefTions of Grace, which they have received from his Majesty in his several Declarations; and also to acquaint his Majesty with the great Unanimity of this House, in settling a Revenue of T welve hundred thousand Pounds per Annum on his Majesty, according to their former Vote.

Resolved, That it be referred to Sir William Lewis, Colonel Birch, Sir George Do, and Mr. Tong, to receive and consider of a Proposition, which shall be offered by Mr. John Holland; and to report the lame, with their Opinion, to the House.

Peter Richter Doctor of Physick, and Martin Bootbby, in order to their Naturalization, did this Day take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy before Sir Grimston Speaker of the Parliament, at the Clerk's Table.

Wednesday, xxviii'h 1660.

Prayers.

A BIU, ingrafted, for the due Observation, and bettor preventing the Profanation, of the Lord's Day, commonly called Sunday, was this Day read the Second time and, upon the Question, passed.

Ordered, That Mr Bampfeild do carry this Act to the

Lords.

Resolved, That this be the Tide of this Act; An Act for the due Observation, and better preventing the Profanation, of the Lord's Day, commonly called Sunday.

Ordered, That Mr. Newton's Bill be lent to the Lords, when the next Message is sent by this House to the Lords.

A Bill, ingrafted, against Cursing and Swearing, was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, That an Esquire do pay, for the second Offence, Ten Shillings; and that the Blank be filled up with the Word " Ten" accordingly.

And the said Bill, so amended, being put to the Question, passed.

Resolved, That the Title of the said Bill be. An Act against profane Swearing and Cursing.

Ordered, That the Bill against the planting of Tobacco in England-, and the ingrafted Bill against Exportation of Wool; be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered That it be referred to the Committee for Trade, to examine the Matter charged upon John Botnet, and other Persons of Canterbury, (now in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House for exporting of Wool out of this Kingdom); and to state the Cafe, and report it to this House.

A Bill for making the King's Majesty's Declaration, touching Ecclesiastical Affairs, effectual, was this Day read the First time.

The Question being propounded, that this Bill be read the Second time;

And the Question being put, that That Question be now put;

It passed with the Affirmative:

And the main Question being put, that this be read the Second time;

The House was divided:

The Yeas went forth.

Sir Antb. Irby, 1 Tellers for the Yeas:*

Sir George Booth, I With the Yeas, )

- Sir Solomon Swaile,t Tellers for the Noes:*

Mr. Palmer, t With the Noes, I 1

So it passed with the Negative.

Thursday, xxix,h , 1660.

Prayers.

fJRdered, That Mr. Bampfield do carry to the Lords the Bill against profane Swearing and Cursing, and the Bill for enabling John Newton and William to fell Lands; together with the Bill for better Observation of the Loid's Day.

Resolved, That the Bill sent from the Lords for Recti-tution of Thomas Earl of Arit Surry, and Norfolke, to the Dignity and Title of Duke of Norfolke,. be now read the Second time. (

And it was read the Second time accordingly: And was, on the Question, committed to Sir George Saville, Sir Anthony Irby, Lord Herbert, Sir Walter Erie, Sir Geo. Booth, Mr. Serjeant Maynard, Mr. Trever, Mr-Shapcott, Sir George Downing, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Tong, Lord Aungier, Mr. Bodarda, Sir John Northcott, Sir George Reeve, Mr. Knightly, Mr. Knight, Lord land. Sir Trever Williams, Mr. Hollis, Mr. Vowell, Mr. Goodricke, Sir Capell Luckin, Sir John Talbott, Mr. Corn-

wallis, Sir Wm. Doylie, Mr: Hide, Mr. Thurland, Lord Bruiee, Sir Anthony Cope, Mr. Maynard, Sir Henry j

Mr. Steevens, Sir Antb. Aucber, Mr. Bafcowen, Lord Richardson, Mr. Clifford, Sir Phillip Howard, Sir John

Barrington, Mr. Gerard, Sir LSir

Throgmorton, Mr. Orme, Mr. Windham,. Mr. Calmody, Colonel King, Mr. Bampfeild, Sir Chrjlopher Clapham, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Dormer, Mr. Prynn, Lord Howard, Mr. Bankes, Sir Sol. Swayle, Mr. Swin-fen. Colonel Morley, Sir Herbert PSir Hen. Cholme-

ley. Sir Wm. Lewes, Sir Rob. Pye, Sir Edm. Beyer, Sir Geo. Bradfbaw, and all the Knights and Burgesses for the Counties of Norfolke, Surry, and Suffen: And they are to meet in the Court of Wards Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And they have Power tp . fend for Persons, Papers, Records, and what else may conduce to the Buiinds. - - , .,;

Ordered, That the Manner of preferring to the Lords the Impeachment against Wm. Drake be taken into Con-t sideration Tomorrow Morning.

The ingrafted Bill, for prohibiting the Exportation of Wool, Wool-fells, Fullers Earth (Ac. was this Day read the Third time.

Ordered, That, in the 6a Line of the ad Skin, betwixt the Words " any" and " Sheep," these Words be inserted, " such Weather."

And in the 66 Line of the same Skin, betwixt the Words " Southampton" and " unto," the Word " only"

be inserted.

And the said Bill, lo amended, being put to the Question, passed.

Resolved, That this be the Title of the said Bill, An Act for prohibiting the Exportation of Wool, Wool-fells, Fullers Earth, or any Kind of fcowering Earth.

Ordered, That this be carried to the Lords: And Sir George Downing is to carry it to the Lords.

The Lord Howard reports, that the Members of tins House, who are of his Majesty's Privy Council, had attended his Majesty, according to the Order of this House of Tuesday last; and represented to him the Sense this House hath of his Majesty's many Expressions of Grace; and the Unanimity of this House in settling on his Majesty a Revenue of Twelve hundred thousand Pounds per Annum: And that his Majesty was pleased to return Answer thereunto; " That he gives the House Thanks for their Care of him; and assures them, he will employ " this Revenue for the Good of Them and the Kingdom/*

A Bill against planting Tobacco in England was this Day read the First and Second time and, upon the Question, committed to the Committee for Trade.

Mr.

12 Car. it Journals of the House of Commons. 19?

Mr. Bampfield reports, that, according to the Order of the House, he had delivered, to the Lords; the Bill for Observation of the Lord's Day , the Bill against profane Swearing and Cursing; and, the Bill for enabling Mr. Newton to fell Lands: And desired, in the Name of this House, their Lordships Concurrence therein;

The Bill concerning the great Level of the Fens waS this Day read the Second time and, on the Question, committed to Serjeant Glynn, Sir Henry Sir Richard

Onslow, Lord Falkland, Sir Dudley , Mr; ST

Mr. Croweb, Mr. Pedley, Mr; , Sir Antb.

Mr. Bodarda, Sir Geo. SavillSir Sol. , Lord Herbert, Sir Robert Brooke, Mr. Adlers Colonel Ring, Mr. Orme, Sir Franc. Gerard, Sir Mr.

fetid, Sir Henage Finch, Mr. Sir John

Sir George Booth, Mr. Terrieke Mr. Eaton, Mr. cawen, Mr. Reemes, Sir Henry Crofts, Sir Walter Erie, Mr. Russell, Mr. Knightly, Colonel Morley, Sir John Pelham, Mr. Shapcott, Sir Ant. Mir. Mildmay,

Mr. Wendy, Sir Anthony CopeSir George Downing, Mr. Babbington, Mr. Proby, Mr. Vow ell, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Lowther, Sir Wm. Lewes, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Mr.

Gerard, Mr; Skipwtth, Sir Richard Temple , Serjeant Charlton, Major Hele, Sir Edward Turner-, Sir Lake,

Mr. Minors, Mr; Williams, Nlr.'Sherbard, Sir Henry Lee, Sir Geo. Reeves, Sir T Sir Allen

Broadricke, Mr. Chafe, Mr -SpryMr. Serjeant

Maynard, Mr. Wall, Mr. Barton, Mr. Knowles, Mr. Waring, Mr. Knight, Mr. Mollineux, and dll the Members of this House serving for the Counties (^Northampton, Norfolke, Suffolke, Lincolne, Cambridge, Huntington, and the Isle of Ely. And the Petitions of Sir William Flayters, Sir John Hewett, Colonel Samuel Sandys, Colonel

William Terringham, Colonel Robert Phillips, Colonel William Dodson, and others, claiming under the original Adventurers, are referred to the feme Committee: And they are to receive any other Petitions, of that Or the like Nature, concerning the said Leveland to hear ail Parties concerned: And they are to meet in the inner Court of Wards on Saturday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers* Witnesses, and what else may conduce to the Business;

Ordered, That the Committee fof Trade do Speedily examine the Business concerning John Bount, John Burgh, and Elias Majbman of Canterbury, who Hand committed to the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, upon Complaint of their exporting of Wool out of this Kingdom; and report the Matter to this House.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Business touching the King's Revenue is referred, be and are hereby impowered to hear what Sir John Winter, and the Persons claiming under him, shall offer, as touching his and their Interests in the Forest of Deane , and to treat with them: But not to make any Conclusion therein, but report the Proceedings to this House.

Friday, xxxth November, 1660.

Prayers.

THE Question being propounded, that the Report of Amendments to the Bill for preventing the voluntary Separation, and living apart, of married Persons on flight Occafioos, be now received,

The House was divided:

And the Yeas went forth.

Mr. Bafcawen, ( Tellers for the Yeas: J Mr. Bampfeild, \ With the Yeas, 5 5°‘

Mr. Rich, C Tellers for the Noes.* 1 ,

Sir Edm. Jenings, ( With the Noes, J Resolved, That the Report of the Amendments to the Bill for preventing the voluntary Separation, and living apart, of married Persons, on flight Occasions, be now received.

Mr. Ferrers reports Amendments to the Bill for preventing voluntary Separation of married Persons, and several Provisoes: Which he first read in his Place; and , were, after, rfead the First and Second time by the: Clerk.

Resolved, That this Bill be recommitted, upon the prq-sent Debate, to the foamer Committee: And that Mr. Hollis, Mr. Stroadt, Mr. Bafcawen, and all the Gentlemen of this House of the Long Robe, be added to the said Committee.

Resolved, That the ingrossed Bill for endowing 9? Vicarages be now read.

The ingrossed Bill, for erecting and endqwing of Vicarages out of appropriate Rectories* was. this Day f&d the Third time.

A Proviso was tendered to this Bill; That this Act» nor any thing therein contained* shall extend to his Majesty's Chapel of Winifor:

And the Question being put, that this Proviso be received;

It passed with the Negative.

Another Proviso was tendered to this Bill*, That this Act, nor any thing therein contained, shall exteiid to any of the Rectories impropriate, which are Parcel of the Possessions, or belonging to the Bishopricks of Ely and Lincolne, or to either of them; any thing herein before to the contrary hatwithstanding:

And the Question being put, that this Proviso be received;

It passed with the Negative.

And the fakl Bill, being put to the Question, passed,

Resolved, That this be the Title of the Bill, An Act for Erecting and Augmentation of Vicarages perpetual out of appropriate Rectories.

Ordered, That this Bill be font to the Lords: And that Mr. Bunkleydo carry it to the Lords; And thatheput the Lords in mihd of the Bills formerly sent from this House, for Confirmation of Marriages $ for Confirmation of College and Hospital Leases *, and, concerning the Nfainte-iiance of the Minister of Royston.

Ordered, That the further Amendments to the Bill touching the Court of Wards be reported T9-morrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Amendments tb the Bill for Postage . of Letters be reported Tomorrow Morning, next after the Report of the Bill touching the Court of Wards.

Ordered, That the Report how offered from the Commissioners for disbanding the Army be made Tomorrow looming.

Saturday, the First of , 1660.

Prayers.

MR. PierrepoUt reports Amendments to the Bill for taking away the Coiirt of Wards: Which were read the First and Second time; and, on the Question, committed to a Grand Committee; who are to fit this Afternoon; and so, after Monday next, de die in diem, till this Business be dispatched.

The humble Petition of Edward ', Alderman of

London, concerning several Sums Of Money by him advanced on the Credit of several Orders of this House, was this Day read.

Resolved, That this House doth declare the said Service of the Petitioner to be a good Service, and very accept- able to this House and that he shall npt thereby fisher in his Estate or Reputation.

Resolved, That it be referred £0 the Grand Committee, to whom the Amendments to the Bill concerning the Court of Wards is referred, to consider of the said Petition j gnd to fend for and speak with the Petitioner, and also with the Commissioners for pxcise; and inform themselves whether Satisfaction is likely to be mads to him, for the

Sum

A. 1660

Sum so by him advanced, out of the Receipt of Excise, in the Course appointed) by or before the Twenty-fifth of December next; or what Part thereof; and, if they shall find it uncertaih, Whether ail, or any Part thereof, may, by that timej be satisfied at the said Receipt; then to consider how effectual Provision may be made for his certain Reimbursement; and to report the same to the House.

Serjeant Rainsford reports, from the Grand Committee for the Bill of Sales, the Desire of the said Committee, that they may have Leave to fit on Monday next, in the Afternoon:

Resolved, That die Grand Committee for the Bill of Sales have Leave to fit on Monday next, in the Afternoon*

Ordered, That the Commissioners for the Excise do attend the Grand Committee, to whom the Amendments to the Bill touching the Court of Wards is referred, at Three of the Clock this Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for Highways is referred, do make their Report on Monday next.

Monday, the 3d of December, 1660,

Prayers.

S I R Solomon Swaile reports from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Restitution of Thomas Earl of Arundle, Surry, and Norfolke, to the Dignity and Tide of Duke of Norfolke was referred, the said Bill, in the Form as it was sent down and committed, without any Alteration.

Resolved, That the said Bill be now read the Third time. And it was read the Third time accordingly:

And on the Question put, that the said Bill do pals; The House was divided:

And the Yeas went forth.

Sir John Holland, (Tellers for the Yeas: 1 c

Lord Howard, c With the Yeas, J /* Mr. Bampfeld, C Tellers for the Noes: 1 Sir Wm. Bowyer, C With the Noes,) 11 '

And so, the Question passing in the Affirmative; Resolved, That this Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the said Bill be returned to the Lords: And that the Lord Howard do carry it to the Lords.

The Lord Howard carried the said Bill to the Lords accordingly.

Sir William Doyly reports from the Commissioners for disbanding the Army, the State of Money received, paid, and still owing; and what is necessary to be further supplied towards disbanding the Army, and paying off the Navy, and other Charges relating the reunto; and allb the Product of the Bill for Poll-Money; being as followed!; viz.

Debitor.

By the Sum of 36907/. 19 s.8 be-> ing so much received of the Sum of 63292/. 10 s. 10 d.directed by several Orders of Parliament to be assigned by Sir Thomas Player out of the Three Months Assessments, commencing the Twenty-fourth of June 1660; the Remainder of the said Sum, viz. 26384/. nr. 2d. is yet in Arrear, partly from the Counties, and in Part unassigned by Sir Tho.

Player,

By the neat Receipt of the Two Months \ £.

Assessments, commencing the First I

s.

£ 36,9 07

s.

l9

d.

8

By so much paid in to the Treasurers' for the Poll- Bill, upon the Account of that Receipt, to the Twenty- ^252,167 fourth of November 1660, the Sum of

November 1660* when the same is I . g received, viz. over and above the / 3/» 5

Charge of collecting and paying the said Assessments, the Sum of ----- ---/

The total Sum, assigned for the Service' aforesaid, in which Sum of 6594/.

Cash, amounts

s, the sum or ----- /

Signed for the Service! hich is included the/ c I. 9s. 9 d.in readyf426>

to — — — 3

331

6 6

The Balance is £. 224,603 2 10

325*544

287,624 17 10

i7»93 >o — J

Creditor.

Td Money paid for disbanding' the Forces in England, by Land and Sea, viz. in ready Money 314,544/. is. 6d. and by Bills of Exchange from Scotland, for which the said Commissioners have given Credit, and are yet unsatisfied, :i 1,000l. in all To so much due for \

Arrears of the £. s. d.

Forces to be difr I banded in Eng- 1269,694 7 10

land, and to discharge the Eighteen Ships, -

To so much due for; disbanding the Forces in Scotland, for which the said Commissioners have given Credit upon Bills of Exchange to be drawn from thence; besides the Arrears due to Three Regiments of Foot, and One Troop of Horse there, not computed in this Account; the Sum of — —

And to so much borrowed of the City' of London, upon the Credit of the

Two Months Assessments, and which is to be wholly repaid, the Neat of the whole Two Months Assessments being charged as per Contra, -----,

The total Sum paid and borrowed,) which is to be repaid, amounts to 5 °5 >934 9 4

Besides the Sum of 8000l. claimed by

Officers and Soldiers, not formerly stated, and 9000l. to make good the Warrants charged by the Committee of the Army upon the Excise and Assessments, and are unpaid; and 5244/. gs. Part of 8000l. allowed by the Act, to reimburse Officers for Money lent their Soldiers upon

their March out of Scotland; and

4500 /. likewise allowed by Act of Parliament, for the Charges of Auditors, Clerks, Treasurers &V; and besides the growing Charge of 1100 /. per Diem, for Pay of the Forces by Land and Sea, undischarged, which are under the Care of the said Commissioners; and besides what his Majesty pays for Victuals to the Seamen,

To supply which the said Commissioners have only in their View the Arrears of Twelve Months Assessments, commencing the Twenty-fourth of June 1659; and the Six Months Assessments, commencing the Twenty-fifth of

December

37>765 20 —

26,744 9 o

'December following, for which there is an Act passed by both Houses; and what further Sums of Money may come in upon the Act for the Poll- Bill; and the above-mentioned Sum of Twenty-six thousand Three hundred Eighty-four Pounds Eleven Shillings Two-pence, assigned out of the Three Months Assessments, commencing the Twenty-fourth of June 16561

Resolved, That Tomorrow Morning the Debate be resumed upon this Report; and that Consideration be then had, of supplying such Monies as shall be found necessary to take off the present growing Charge:

That, at Ten of the Clock Tomorrow, the House be resolved into a Grand Committee of the whole House; in order to the perfecting of the Bill for Six Months Assessments.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill fdr supplying the Defects of the Act for Poll-Money is referred, be impowered to fend for any of the Commissioners appointed by the said Act, whether for the City of London, or other Places; and to require an Account from them, what Monies have been charged on any the respective Places by virtue of the said Act; how the same hath been pad; and to examine through whose Default, or by what other Obstruction, the Monies, due in such Places, have not been better answered; and in whose Hands any of the said Monies remains; and to report to the House: And Colonel K, Sir Wm. Lewes, Mr. Swinfen, Mr. Spry, Mr. West, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Edw. Majfey, Mr Edw.Bafcawen, Mr. Foley, Mr.

Mr. Titus, Sir John Bowyer, Sir North, Sir

Morgan, Mr. Ceely, Mr. Moyle, Mr. , Sir Henry

Gefar, Mr. Culliford, Mr. Mr. Hollis, Mr.

Colliris\ Mr. Hatcher, Mr. Gott, Sir John Marsham, Mr. Snead, Mr. Henley, Sir Henry Mr.

Major Hales, Mr. Moore, Mr. Mr. Mynors,

Sir John Tong, Sir Solomon Swayle, Colonel Birchs Sir Henry Williams, be added to that Committee: And they are to meet at Two of the Clock this Afternoon , in the Speaker's Chamber; and to make Report to the House With all convenient Speed: And Mr. , Mr. Serjeant Glyn, and Colonel King, are desired to take care herein;

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Postage of Letters is referred, do make their Report on Wednesday Morning next.

Tuesday, ivth December, 1660.

Prayers.

ORdered, That the Report from the Committee; to whom the Bill for enabling Mr. Milward to fell Lands For Payment of Debts is referred, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Crowch reports Amendments to the Bill for enabling Sir Edward Goftwicke to fell Lands for Payment of Debts, and raising Portions for younger Children: Which he first read, with the Coherence, in his Place j and were afterwards read the First and Second time by the Clerk.

Ordered, That the Word " Baronet" be inserted in the 19th Line of the Amendment, Page 8, in the Place of " Knight ;" and the fame, lb amended, were, upon the Question, agreed.

A Proviso was tendered to this Bill; viz. " Provided that the said Sir Rowland Litton, Sir William,

Serjeant Keeling, and George Blundell, be not, from henceforth, in any Sort, accountable or chargeable for or in respect of any thing which the said Sir William Litton hath done in the ordering or managing of the said Estate; for any Distmrfements which he hath made concerning the lame; or for any Articles or Agreements which he hath made to any Personor Persons, concerning the said Estate Which was read the First and Second time; and, on the Question, agreed; and ordered to be part of the Bill.

191

Resolved, That this Bill; with the said Amendment* and Proviso, be ingrossed:

Mr. Swinfen reports from the Cohimittee, to whom the Bill for enabling William Millward Esquire to fell Lands for Payment of Debts was referred, that the Committee, upon View of the Bill, and Consideration of the former Security for the Monies therein mentioned, thought fit to report the same back without any Amendmients.

Resolved, That the said Bill be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Doctor Littleton and *, Two Matters of the Chancery;

The Lords have sent down a Bill, intituled, An Act for the more speedy and ready Way of dressing and tanning all Sorts of Leather: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Ordered, That this Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider what publick Bills, sent formerly from this House, do now depend before the House of Peers, unpaired; and what may be fit to be offered to the Lords, at the Bar of their House, as Inducements to the speedy passing thereof: And that Sir John Northcot, Mr. Prynn, Sir Walter Erie, Sir John Bowyer, Sir Wm. Lewes, Colonel King, Mr; Bampfeild, Mr. Crowch, or any Three of them, be the said Committee: And they are to make Report To-mor4 row Morning;

Mr. Thomas reports, from the Committee, Amendments and Three Provisoes to the Bill of Attainder: Which he read in his Place; and were afterwards read the First and Second time by the Clerk.

The humble Petition of Edmond Esquire was

this Day read;

Ordered, That it be referred to Mr. Ratcliffe to prepare, and tender to the Bill of Attainder, a Proviso upon the Sense of the present Debate.

A Message from the Lords, by Dr. Brampfton and Mr. Hubart, Two Matters of Chancery;

The Lords have sent you a Bill for settling the Manors of Knowle, Seale, and Kempfingi upon the Earl of Dorset, and his Heirs; and charging the Manor of Bexbill, and the Manor or Farm of Cowding, and other Lands, in the County of Sussex, with a Rent-Charge of One hundred and Thirty Pounds per Annum, in lieu thereof: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House;

The Amendments and Provisoes reported this Day from the Committee for the Bill of Attainder, were, on the Question, agreed.

Resolved That the said Bill, with the said Amendments and Provisoes, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That the Carcases of Oliver , Henry

Ireton, John Bradshaw, and Thomas Pride, whether buried in Westminster Abbey, or elsewhere, be, with all Expedition, taken up, and drawn upon a Hurdle to Tibume, and there hanged up in their Coffins for some time; and after that buried under the said Gallows: And that James Norfolke Esquire, Serjeant at Arms attending the House of Commons, do take care, that this Order be put in effectual Execution.

Ordered, That the Lords Concurrence herein be desired And Mr. Tytus is to carry it to the Lords.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr; Brampfton and Mr. Hubart, Two Matters of Chancery;

The Lords have sent you these several Bills; and desire the Concurrence of this House to them 5 viz.

An Act prohibiting the planting of Tobacco in the Kingdom of England.

!Ddd An

An Act for restoring of Thomas Esquire to

all his Lands and Possessions in England and Ireland.

An Act for naturalizing Edward and Ann Son and Daughter of William late of

in the County of Huntington Esquire.

An Act for the Naturalizing of Abraham,

born beyond the Seas.

Ordered, That the Debate, upon the Report made Yesterday, from the Commissioners for Disbanding the Army, be resumed Tomorrow Morning the First Business; and that, next after, this House be resolved into a Grand Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Six Months Assessments.

Resolved, That the Impeachment against William Drake be carried to the Lords by the Lord , and delivered at the Bar of the Lords House, in the Name of this House, and of all the Commons of England:

The said Impeachment being as followeth;

The Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses of the House of Commons, in the Name of themselves, and all the Commons of England, do hereby declare, complain, and shew,

against William Drake, Citizen and Merchant of London, That whereas, this present Parliament, through the Blelling of God upon their Endeavours, and the incomparable Grace and Goodness of his Majesty's Royal Con-descensions, have proved the happy Instruments of repairing the Breaches of this Kingdom; restoring the ancient Foundations; and passing many good and wholsome Laws, for the Safety and Quiet of the People; and are daily preparing such others, as may yet seem to be wanting: Nevertheless the said William Drake, in Contempt of his Majesty's Crown and Dignity, and of the Laws and Government of this Kingdom; and out of a wicked and malicious Intention, to scandalize and subvert the Authority and Being of this present Parliament, and to raise and stir up Sedition and Division in this Kingdom; and against the Peace of our Sovereign Lord the King , hath lately, that is to say, upon or before the Eighteenth Day of the Month of November lall, at Westminster in the County of sex, written, printed, and published, in the Name of one Thomas Phillips Gent, a certain, false, wicked, malicious, and seditious Pamphlet, intituled. The Long. Parliament Revived; or. An A£i for Co, and the not Dif-solving the Long Parliament, called by King Charles the First in the Tear 1640, but by an All of Parliament; with undeniable Reasons, deduced from the said Act, to prove, that That Parliament is not yet Also

Mr. Win, Pryn his Five Arguments fully answered; whereby he endeavours to prove it to be disolved by the King's Death &c. By Thomas Phillips Gent, a sincere Lover of the King and Country: In which said scandalous and seditious Pamphlet, the said William Drake, amongst many other wicked Expreftions, Clauses, and Assertions, therein contained, doth falsely, maliciously, and seditiously, affirm and declare.

Page 6. First, That all other Parliaments have no legal Capacity, till this (meaning the Long Parliament, called in the Year 1640) be legally dissolved.

Page 14. Secondly, The Act (meaning the Act of Parliament to which the Tide of the Pamphlet refers) is herein express, That by no other Way or Means, bist by an Act of Parliament, it shall be dissolved: Which, being it cannot be done by the dead King, but may be done by the Successor, it ought to be so dissolved; or else it must and doth, by virtue of this Act, (till remain legally in full Being and Authority.

Page 17. Thirdly, How much it were to be wished, that the Legislative Authority might revert into that Chanel (meaning the Long Parliament aforesaid); by which the Peace and Setdement of the Nation, through his Majesty's most gracious Influence, might durably, and without Question, be provided for and preserved.

Page 21. Fourthly, If That be a lawful Parliament, (speaking of the Long Parliament aforesaid, which he

elsewhere affirmed to be in Being) then this can be none, nor no other, till this be legally dissolved.

All which Practices for stirring up of Sedition, the Commons are ready to prove, not only by the general Scope of the said Book, but likewise by several Clauses therein contained, besides diefe before-mentioned, and such other Proofs as the Cause, according to the Course of Parliament, shall require;

And do pray, that the said William Drake may be put to answer all and every of the Premises , and that such Proceeding, Examination, Trial, Judgment, and exemplary Punishment, may be thereupon had and executed, as is agreeable to Law and Justice.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill of Attainder was referred, do, with all convenient Expedition, prepare and bring in a Bill, as well in relation to those Persons who are named in the Act of General Pardon and Oblivion to have fat upon the late King's Majesty, of blessed Memory, and are since dead; as for the infliding Penalties on those, who,- by the said Act of General Pardon and Oblivion, are reserved to future Pains and Penalties, not extending to Life: And they are to meet in Mr. speaker's Chamber, at Two of the Clock this Afternoon; and so to fit de die in diem, till this Bu-finels be perfeded; the Sitting of any Grand Committee in the mean time notwithstanding.

Wednesday, v Dec, 1660.

Prayers.

SIR Richard Hopkins reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling George Faunt Esquire to fell Lands for Payment of Debts was referred; that the said Committee have met, and examined the Matter of Fad; and find Cause to report the said Bill without any Amendments.

Resolved, That this Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Goodricke reports from the Committee Amendments to die Bill for enabling Joseph Micklethwaite to fell Lands for Payment of Debts, was referred: Which he first read in his Place; and were after read the First and Second time by the Clerk; and, upon the Question, were agreed.

Resolved, That the fad Bill, with the said Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Allen reports from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling John, Thomas, and William Windham, to fell Timber off several Manors in Norfolke, Amendments to the said Bill: Which he first read in his Place, and were afterwards read the First and Second time by the Clerk; and, on the Question, agreed unto.

Resolved, That this Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Tytus reports Amendments, and Three Provisoes, to the Bill for settling the Postage of Letters: Which he read in his Place; and were after read the First and Second time by the Clerk; and afterwards were read by Parts: And die ift, 2d, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13,14, 15, 16th Amendments, on Questions severally put, were agreed unto.

Resolved, That the Amendments in Page 8, Line 21 and last; and in Page 9, Line 2; and the whole Clause in the Bill, beginning Page 8, Line 9, and ending Page 9, Line 13; be recommitted to the former Committee; who are to take care, that the Liberty of Foot Polls be so li-mitted, that the Office of Postage of Letters may not be thereby destroyed.

Resolved, That the said Committee do speak with the Post-Master-General, about the Rates of Foreign Letters; and endeavour to reduce them to certain and fit Rates.

Resolved,

__ ' *v -

iz Car. II. Journals of the House of Commons;

Resolved, That the First Proviso reported, concerning the Time for furnishing Poll Horses, be recommitted to the former Committee.

Resolved, That the Second Proviso reported, concerning Liberty to carry Letters to or from the next Post Roads; and the Third Proviso, concerning the Carriage of the Post Mail, in other than Ships; were, up-

on the Question, agreed.

A Proviso was tendered to this Bill; viz. That this Act, or any thing therein contained, shall not extend to take away, or prejudice, the Right, Title, or Interest in Law or Equity, which George Porter Esquire hath, or claimeth to have, to the Office or Offices in this Act mentioned; or the Deputation, Execution, or Improvement thereof, or of any Part thereof; or to the Profits thence arising; any thing in this Act to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding: Which was read the First dme.

And the Question being put, that this Proviso be read the Second time;

The House was divided: And

The Yeas went forth.

( Tellers for the Yeas: i t With the Yeas, J c Tellers for the Noes: 1

Sir John , Lord Falk Sir Sol. S,

Mr. Tytus

126.

X

116.

88*

With the Noes,

And so the Question passing in the Affirmative;

Resolved, That this Proviso be read the Second time. And it was accordingly read the Second time.

And the Question being put, that the said Proviso be committed;

The House was divided;

The Yeas went forth.

Sir Jo. Talbot, t Tellers for the Yeas:

Lord Herbert, t With the Yeas,

Sir Sol. Swayle, c Tellers for the Noes:

Colonel King, X With the Noes,

And so it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Committee for Postage of Letters do meet this Afternoon, notwithstanding the Sitting of the Grand Committee; and make their Report Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the said Committee do prepare and bring in a Clause, for enjoining all Persons employed about the Post-Office to take the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance.

} 9«.

Ordered, That the Report from the Commissioners for Disbanding the Army, ordered to be proceeded in this Day, be taken into Consideration peremptorily the First Business Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Sum of One thousand Three hundred Eighty-seven Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Ten-pence, Part of the One thousand Five hundred Fifty-six Pounds Eight Shillings and Ten-pence, heretofore charged, by Warrant from the late Council of State, bearing Date the Eleventh of April 1660, on the Receipt of Exchequer, and payable there, out of the Proceed of the Poll-Offices, to Henry Simboll, for Provisions by him sent to Donkerque, be transferred from the said Receipt of Exchequer, and charged on the Receipt of Excise, arising by Foreign Commodities imported, and paid to the said Henry Simboll, or his Assigns, in Course, after the other Sums satisfied, which by Orders of this Parliament are charged on the Receipt of Excise: And the Commissioners of the Excise are hereby impowered and required to pay the same accordingly: And the Acquittance of the said Henry Symball, or his Assigns, testifying his or their Re-

ceipt thereof, shall be to the lad Commissioners of Excise a sufficient Warrant and Discharge.

Ordered, That the Lords Concurrence be desired herein: And Mr. Knightly is to carry it to the Lords.

' A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr. *, Two Mailers of Chancery;

The Lords have commanded us to bring you down

this Bill, intituled, An Act for restoring Sir George Hamilton unto his Lands and Estatein Ireland: To which their Lordships desire the Concurrence of this House.

! T*hurfday, vith Decemb, 1660.

Prayers.

A Bill for calling Accomptants to Accompt for publick Monies received, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, That this Bill be committed to Colonel

Mr. Powell, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir John Temple. Sir John Clo-berry. Sir Salomon Swayle, Mr. Knight, Mr. Eyres^ Mr. Spry, Colonel Gerard, Sir Geo. Downing, Mr. , Major Clayton, Sir Hickman, Mr. Hobby, Mr. Prynn, Sir Rob. Brakes, Mr. Lowther, Colonel Shapcott, Dr. Clayton, Sir JVm. Lewes, Mr. Daniell', Mr. Dalton, Mr. Vowel!, Sir Philip Howard, Mr. Knightly, Mr. Hide, Mr. Chafe,

Sir Roger Bradshaw, Sir Richard Onfiow, Sir Lancelot Lake, Lord Aungier, Lord Viscount Valencia, Sir Tho. Meeres, Mr. CuUiford, Mr. Shaw, Mr. Harris, Mr. lifon, Mr. Ferrers, Colonel West, Mr. Rigby Mr.

Mr. Mynors, Mr. Dalton, and all the Gentlemen of this House of the Long Robe: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Queen's Court.

Sir George Downing reports Amendments to the Bill for restraining the Planting of Tobacco in England: Which he first read in his Place; and were afterwards read the First and Second time by the Clerk; and were after read by Parts: And the First and Second Amendments were, on the Question; agreed unto.

The Third Amendment was read; and with fbme Amendments thereunto made at the Table, and the Omission of the Penalty on Justices of Peace &c. Fol. 2. Line 8, was agreed unto.

The 4th Amendment was read; and, on the Question^' the Blank beginning Folio 2, Line 15, and ending Line 18, was ordered to be omitted.

The Fifth Amendment was read; and, on the Question, agreed unto.

A Proviso, reported with the said Amendments, was read; and, with the Addition of these Words, " and Chi-rurgery," next after the Word " Physick," the same was agreed unto.

Ordered, That the Fines set by this Act, be divided. One Moiety to the King's Majesty, the other Moiety to the Prosecutor, as is expressed Folio 2, Line n, after the Word " aforesaid and that the Clause be inserted accordingly. Resolved, That this Bill, so amended, be ingrossed.

Serjeant Charlton reports from the Grand Committee* to whom the Bill for the Court of Wards is committed, several Resolves upon that Committee upon the Order of Reference, in the same of Edward Alderman

of London: Which were read; and are as followeth: Resolved, That Alderman Backwell be paid the Monies by him advanced upon several Orders of the Lords and Commons, and still remaining due to him, out of the Receipts of the Grand Excise and Arrearages thereof, in Course; and, in case the same fall short in Payment thereof, by the Twenty-fifth Day of December next, that then the Remainder be continued secured to him, out of the Grand Excise, in Course; and that no other Payments be made out of the Excise, but what is appointed by Order of this House, until the said Debt be satisfied to Alderman Backwell.

Resolved, That in case any Part of the Monies due to Alderman Backwell be paid out of that Part of the Excise which shall grow due to the King's Majesty; that then his Majesty shall be reimbursed in such Manner, and out of such Monies, as the Parliament shall appoint.

He also reports an Account of Monies that still Hand charged upon the Receipt of Excise, by virtue of several

Orders

2

Orders of this present Parliament, and since the Sitting And Mr. is added to that Committee,

of the secluded Members: Which was read; viz.

£. s. d. Ordered, That, to the Order of Tuesday last, concerii-To the Lord Willoughby, by Order j ing the Bodies of Oliver Cromwell &c. these Words be

30 August 1660 — — — ----- ----- J 2»:55 1S 10 added -, viz. " by the common Executioner for the Coun-

For Sir Rich. Browne, payable 151 r ? ty of and all such others, to whom it shall re-

DecemberInstant - J 2,ob3 I& °9 spectively appertain; who are required, in their feve-To his Highness the Duke of Torke, % ral Places, to conform to and observe this Order with

with Interest, by Order, dated 3 Sep- > 10,000 00 00 Effect: And the Sheriff of Middlesex is to give his AlTift-t ember 1660, - 3 ance herein, as there shall be Occasion."

To the Executors of his late High-') ness the Duke of Gloucester, by like ( 7,000 00 00 Ordered, That Mr. 2 a Member of this House*

Order, — — — — ____ ______3 have Leave to go into the Country.

To Mr Denham, his Majesty's Sur- )

veyor, with Interest, by Order of 3 Sep- > 5,000 00 00 The House being informed, that a Cause is carried

(ember 1660, — — — — ----- -----3 down to Trial, against Sir Francis Lawley, a Member of

To her Highness the Princess Royal,) this House (concerning a Messuage and Lands of the said

with Interest, by Order of 13 September > 10,000 00 00 Sir Francis, in the County of Stafford) without his Know-

1660, ----- -- — ----- ----- ----- -- — 3 ledge, during his Sitting in this House, at the Suit of John

To her Majesty the Queen of Bo- 1 Robinson, Lessee to Maurice Fompfon, Plaintiff; and Judg-

hemia, with Interest, by Order then, J IO>°o° 00 00 ment had against the casual Ejeftof; and a Writ of Habere To her Highness the Princess Hen- facias filed forth, directed to the Sheriff of the

retta, with Interest — — — - j '°° 00 00 said County *, which was prosecuted by one William Nabbs

To Fho. Loddington, for the Garri-) an Attorney, without Notice given to the said Sir Francis

Ion of Donkerke, by Order of 26 No- ( 3*450 00 00 Lawley, or his Attorney; to the Breach of the Privilege vember 1660, - 3 of this House;

To the distressed Protestants of Pied- "J Refohed, That the said Maurice Fompfon and William

mont and Poland, payable to Sir Tho. I Nabbs be sent for, in Custody, by the Serjeant at Arms at-

Vyner, in case of a Tally, 2000 I. per > 5,978 08 09 tending this House: And the Sheriff for the County of Menfem, being the Remainder of 7978 /. I Stafford is hereby required and enjoined, at his Peril, to

8 s. cyd. by Order of the 11 May 1660, J ----- ----- ----- forbear the executing of the said Writ; the Privilege of

65648 01 04 this House being therein concerned.

Resolved, That Edward BackAlderman of London,

be paid the Monies by him advanced upon several Orders of the Lords and Commons, and still remaining due to him, out of the Receipts of Grand Excise and Arrears thereof, in Course , and, in case the same shall fall short in Payment thereof, by the 25 th of December Instant, that then the Remainder shall continue secured to him out of the Grand Excile, in Course; and that no other Payments be made out of the Excise, but what is already appointed by Order of this House, and mentioned in a List this Day read, until the Debt due to Alderman Backwell, as aforesaid, be satisfied.

The Question being put, that in case any Part of the fad Monies, due to Alderman Backwell, be paid out of that Part of the Excise which shall grow due to the King's Majesty , that then the Excise of Foreign and Inland Commodities shall be Part of his Majesty's Security, for Reimbursement thereof to his Majesty;

The House was divided:

And the Yeas went forth.

Sir Sol. Swayle, j Tellers for the Yeas: J

Nix. Cornwallis, t With the Yeas, } I0^'

Sir Rich. Temple, t Tellers for the Noes :,) r

Colonel Ring, i With the Noes, J 9°'

And lb the Question passing in the Affirmative;

Resolved, That in case any Part of the Monies due to Alderman Edward Backwell be paid out of that Part of the Excise which shall grow due to the King's Majesty , that then his Majesty shall be reimbursed the same out of the first Monies which shall come in of the Arrears of Excise, that will be due on the 25th December Instant; and, in case the said Arrears shall not be sufficient, then out of the remaining Part of the Excile upon Foreign Commodities, and other Inland Goods.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for Postage of Letters is referred, do fit at Two of the Clock this Afternoon, notwithstanding the Sitting of the Grand Committee,

Ordered, That the Committee for his Majesty's Revenue do meet this Afternoon, notwithstanding the Sitting of the Grand Committee; and consider what Bills now depending in this House are most important to be speedily dispatched *, and to report a List of them Tomorrow Morning , and that those only be proceeded in:

Friday, viith ^Dece, 1660.

Prayers.

SJRdered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill For confirming an Estate purchased of Sir John by

Charles Doe, be revived, and fit this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Court of Wards; and that the Petition of Sir John Clerke Knight and Baronet, and Dame Philadelphia his Wife, be referred to the said Committee: And that Mr.^rw, Sir John Northcott, and Lord hunger, be added to that Committee.

A Bill, ingrossed, for enabling Sir William Wrey to fell Lands for Payment of his Debts, and raising Portions for his younger Children, was this Day read the Third time; and, upon the Question, palfed.

Resolved, Thar the Tide thereof be. An Act for enabling Sir Wm. Wrey to fell Lands for Payment of his Debts, and raising Portions for his younger Children.

A Bill, ingrossed, for raising Portions, and making Provision for Maintenance, for the younger Children of Sir Edward Goftwicke Baronet, was this Day read the Third time; and, upon the Question, passed.

Resolved, That the Title thereof be. An Act for raising &c.

Ordered, That these Bills be carried to the Lords: And Sir Antb. Irby is to carry them to the Lords.

The Lord Viscount Valentia reports, from the Committee, a List of Bills depending before the House; and the Committee's Opinion thereon being as follows;

Resolved, That every Day, precisely at Nine of the Clock, the House be desired to enter upon one of the publick Bills following *, which are, by this Committee, judged to be the most important to be dispatched , viz.

1. Bill for taking away the Court of Wards, and Purveyance; and settling the Moiety of the Excise on his Majesty and his Heirs.

2. Bill for the other Moiety of the Excise, to be set-ded on his Majesty for Life.

3. Bill for the Militia.

4. The Bill for the Six Months Assessments.

5. The Bills of Attainder; and Pains and Penalties.

6. The

201

6. The Bill for Review of the Poll- Bill.

7. The Bill for the Poll-Office.

8. The Bill for receiving the Arrears of the Excise, settling the Foreign and Inland Excise, and securing publick Debts.

9. The Bill concerning Tobacco.

10. The Bill for Wine Licences.

1 x. The Bill for the Fens.

Bills of a mixt Nature.

12. The Bill for Tanning of Leather.

13. A Bill for the Fishery.

14. A Bill for better gathering of the Customs.

Resolved, That private Bills be proceeded in daily, till Nine of the Clock; and then, if not dispatched, the Debates to be adjourned till next Day.

A lift of private Bills.

Ingrafted Bills.

Sir Wm. Wr eye's Bill.

Sir Edw. Goflwick's.

The Bill for Covent-Garden Parish.

Lord Arundell of War dour.

Earl of Dorset's Bill.

Mr. Wyndham's Bill.

Sir Geo. Hamilton's.

Bill to enable Mr. Milward to fell Lands.

Bill to enable Mr. Geo.Faunt to (ell Lands. Bill to enable Mr. Mickletwaite to fell Lands.

Private Bills to be reported.

A Bill for fetding Prefion Rectory on Emanuel College. Sir John Clerke's and Charles Doe's Bill.

Sir Anth. Browne's Bill.

Mr. Ratcliff's Bill.

Bill for the Earl of Cleveland.

He also reports a List of other Bills, sent from the Lords i viz.

For restoring the Earl of Derhie's Estate.

For restoring the Earl of Ros Estate in Ireland. For prohibiting the Planting of Tobacco in England. For Naturalizing of Francis Son of Lord Aftley. Abraham Waugbter.

Rene de Sabran.

Edward and Ann Bedle.

For the Lord Lexington and Sir Tho. , to

levy Two thousand Six hundred and Eighty Pounds, out of Colonel Hutchinson's Estate.

Resolved, That every Day, precisely at Nine of the Clock, the House do enter upon one of the said publick Bills, with the Addition of the Bill for publick Sales, in such Order as this House shall judge most important for their Dispatch.

Resolved, That private Bills and Bufineftes be proceeded in daily, till Nine of the Clock, in such Order as the House shall think fit; and that the Debate of such of them, as shall not be dispatched at the Hour of Nine, shall be adjourned till the next Day.

Mr. Pryn reports from the Committee, a List of Bills, formerly sent to the Lords from this House, and depending before their Lordships, unpafled: Which was read, being as followeth:

Bills sent from the Commons before the Recess; and depending before the Lords.

Bil for confirming of Leases from Colleges and Hospitals. Bill for confirming of Marriages.

Bill for uniting Donkerke and Jamacha to the Imperial Crown of this Realm.

Bill for the getting in of the Money collected for the Protestants of Piedmont, owing by Mr. &c.

Bill for indemnifying Officers of Courts of Justice.

Bill for the County and City of Durham to fend Members to Parliament.

Bill for confirming Magna Charta; and other funda mental Laws.

Proclamation against Priests and Jesuits.'

Concerning the Minister of Raff on.

Since the last Meeting.

Bill for the levying of the Arrears of the Twelve Months* and Six Months Assessments.

Bill for the better Observation of the Lord's Day.

Bill against profane Swearing and Curling.

Bill against exporting of Wool, Woolsells* Fullers Earth. Bill for erecting and augmenting of Vicaries* out of appropriate Rectories. /

The ingrossed Bill for attainting Oliver Cromwell and others was this Day read the Third time.

A Proviso was tendered to this Bill *, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Richard Ingoldsby, to retail and keep, or otherwise to sell and dispose, all and singular the Goods and Chattels, formerly belonging to Sir dress Waller, in the Kingdom of , until Two

thousand Pounds (for which the said Richard in the Year 1658, stood jointly bound with the said Sir Hardress Waller, unto James , of the City of

Torke, Alderman; and was then counter-secured by a Judgment upon his Lands, and since, by a Deed of Bargain and Sale of the fad Goods and Chattels in Ireland) be fully paid, together with the Interest thereof; he the said Richard Ingoldsby accompting and paying the full Overplus thereof, if any shall be, unto our Sovereign Lord the King; any thing herein before contained to the contrary; Which was read the First, Second, and Third time; and, upon the Question, agreed unto j and ordered to be Part of the Bill.

Another Proviso was tendered to this Bill; Touching allowing Payments made bona fide to or by the Executors or Administrators of any the Offenders attainted by this Act who are dead, of any just Debts, of or to the dead Persons, before the Twenty-fifth of April 1660; or undertaken by them \ and of Judgments against any of them had before that time, by just Creditors *, and for satisfying the same out of the personal Estate of such deceased Person; with a Proviso, that such Executors or Administrators shall not be charged for any Legacies paid before the fad Twenty-fifth of April: Which was read the First time.

And the Question being put, that the said Proviso be read the Second time,

It passed in the Negative.

Another Proviso was tendered to this Act, in these Words:

" Provided always, and be it Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, that all and every Bond or Obligation, made to any Person or Persons attainted lor the Murder of his late Majesty, and taken by them only in Trull, for securing any Sum or Sums of Money, really and bona fide belonging to any other Person or Persons, shall be and are saved by this Act , and that all and every such Sum and Sums of Money may be sued for and recovered upon the said Bonds, for the Use of such Person or Persons, to whom the same really belongs; the Attainder of the said Persons, this Act, or any other Thing, to the contrary notwithstanding."

Resolved, That these Words, " and divers others," in the 6th Folio, and 11 and 12 Line, be omitted out of the Bill.

That the Time of Forfeiture of the Estates,. mentioned in the said Act, be the 25 of March 1646; and that the Bill be amended accordingly, by inferring the fame. Folio 9, Line 19 and 20, instead of these Words, " First Day of May, in the Year of our Lord 1642." That the like Amendments be made in the other Parts of the Bill, which relate to that Time.

That in the Proviso concerning the Marquis erf" Worcester, and the Lord Herbert, next before the Words " to

the contrary notwithstanding," these Words be inserted, viz. " or any Act or Conveyance made or done by the said Oliver Cromwell, or by any in Trull for him, to any Person whatsoeverWhich were inserted; and the other Amendments agreed on, made at the Table,

E e e . And

202 Journals of the House of Commons* i

And the Bill, so amended, being put to the Question, passed.

Resolved, That the Title of this Bill be. An Act for the Attainder of several Persons guilty of the horrid Murder of his late Sacred Majesty King Charles the First.

Resolved, That Sir Henage Finch do carry up this Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

Captain ‘Titus brings Answer from the Lords, that he carried up to the Lords the Orders concerning taking up the Carcases of Oliver Cromweand other notorious Traytors; " that they have considered of your Message j and will return Answer by Messengers of their own."

Sir Anthony Irhy brings Answer from the Lords, That he carried up the Two Bills concerning Sir Wm.; and Sir Edw. Gofiwick; and the Order for charging the Excise with a Sum of Money for Henry Symball: And that the Lords, to the Order, will fend Answer by Messengers of their own.

Th is Day Christian Le Brune, junior, Nicholas

Cungnard, James Pickett, in order to their Naturalizing, did take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy.

Saturday, visith December, 1660.

Prayers.

flRdered, That the Committee for Privileges and Elections have Leave to fit this Afternoon, notwithstanding the Sitting of the Grand Committee: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Exchequer Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, for enabling George Faunt Esquire to fell Lands for Payment of his Debts, and other Uses, was this Day read the Third time; and, on the Question, passed.

Resolved, That this be the Title of the said Bill; viz An Act for enabling George of Fauston in the County of Leicester, Esquire, to sell and convey Part of his Lands for Payment of several Debts and Legacies charged upon his Estate by Sir William Faunt Knight, deceased j and for the Raising of Portions for his younger Children; and for the making his Wife a Jointure.

Resolved, That this Bill be carried to the Lords: And that Mr. Babbington do carry it accordingly.

Mr. Crowch reports Amendments to the Bill for dif-appropriating the Rectory appropriate of Preston in the County of Suffolke, and uniting the Rectory and Vicarage there; and for assuring the Advowson and Patronage thereof to Emanuell College in Cambridge: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and were, on the Question, agreed unto.

Resolved, That the said Bill, with the said Amendments, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That this House be forthwith resolved into a Grand Committee, upon the Bill for Six Months Assess-tnents, at Seventy thousand Pounds per Menfcm.

The House was resolved into a Grand Committee accordingly.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Henage Finch takes the Chair.

Mr. Speaker resumes the Chair.

Sir Henage Finch reports, from the said Grand Committee, the Desire of the said Committee, that this House would be pleased to appoint a Committee, to consider of drawing up the Preamble to the Act for an Assessment; and also, to draw up Rules and Instructions for disbanding the Residue of the Army, and paying off the Navy: And that the said Grand Committee may fit again on Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to draw up a Preamble to the Bill for an Assessment for Six Months, at the Rate of Seventy thousand Pounds per Menfem; and 1

also to consider of Instructions and Rules for disbanding of the remaining Part of the Army, and paying off the Navy; viz, Sir Henage Finch, Mr. Spry, Mr. Hollis, Sir Wm. Lewes, Mr. Shapcott, Mr. Middleton, Sir Tho.

gis, Mr. Goodricke, Mr. Allen, Mr. Knight, Mr. Reames, Mr. Gifford, Mr. Daniel! , Sir George Downing, Mr. Ferrers, Mr. Whitley, Mr. Bodarda, Mr. Prin, Colonel , Sir Rob.Harley, Sir Wm. Penn, Sir John albott, Mr.

Skipwith, Colonel Birch, Sir Sol. Swayle, Colonel Jones, Sir Tho. Bludworth, Sir John Northcott, Mr. Pedley, Doctor Mills, Mr. Thomas, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Bafcawen, Sir Tho. Willis, Mr. Chafe, Serjeant Glynn, Sir binfon, and the Commissioners for disbanding the Army: And are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in Mr. Speaker's Chamber.

Resolved, That this House be resolved into a Grand Committee, upon the Bill for an Assessment, on Monday Morning next.

A Message front the Lords, by Mr. Child and Mr. Glasscocke, Two Mailers of Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, My Lords do here fend you down a Bill, intituled, An Act for the draining of the Level of Fens in the County of Lincolne, extending itself from the River of Gleane and Bowme, to Rymte East, as well within the Parts of Kiftiven as Holland, (the Eight hundred Fen excepted) and from the said Rime East, to the City of Lincolne, and thence Westward to the Banks of Trent, commonly called Lindsey Level -, to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

They likewise fend you back an Order for taking up the Carcases of Oliver Cromwell &c. with this Addition; viz." And the Dean of Westminster is desired to give Directions to his Officers of the Abbey to be affillant in the Execution of this Order."

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said Addition to the said Order: And so the Order will Hand as followeth; viz.

Resolved, by the Lords and Commons assembled in Parliament, That the Carcases of Oliver Cromwell, Henry Ireton, John Brad/haw, Thomas Pride, whether buried in Westminster Abbey, or elsewhere, be, with all Expedition, taken up, and drawn upon a Hurdle to Tyburn, and there hanged up in their Coffins for some time; and after that buried under the said Gallows: And that James Norfolke Esquire, Serjeant at Arms attending the House of Commons, do take care, that this Order be put in effectual Execution by the common Executioner for the County of Middlesex, and all such others to whom it shall respectively appertain *, who are required, in their several Places, to conform to and observe this Order, with Effect: And the Sheriff of Middlesex is to give his Assistance herein, as there shall be Occasion: And the Dean of Westminster is desired to give Directions to his Officers of the Abbey to be assistant in the Execution of this Order.

The Messengers being called in again, Mr. Speaker gave them this Answer;

The House have consider 'd of your Message; and, as to the Addition, offered by the Lords, to the Order you brought down concerning taking up the Four Corpses, this House doth concur therein.

Monday, Xth Decem1660.

Prayers.

rTyHomas Michaell did this Day, at the Clerk's Table,'

take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy before Mr. Speaker; in order to his Naturalization.

A Bill to enable Joseph Micblethwaite, an Infant, and his Trustees, to fell Lands for Payment of his Father's Debts, was this Day read the Third time.

A Proviso was tendered to the Bill -, viz. " Saving also the Right, Interest, and Title, of all Person ancL Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, of, in, or to, any

of

of the said Manors and Premises, other than the Right and Title of the said Joseph the Infant:

Which was read the First and Second time) and, on the Question, agreed to be Part of the Bill: And so the Bill, on the Question, passed.

Resolved', That the Title of this Bill be, Arl Act to enable Joseph Micklethwaite, an Infant, and his Trustees,

to fell Lands for Payment of his Father's Debts.

R efolved, That die Lords Concurrence be desired herein! And Mr. Herbert is to carry it to the Lords.

Sir Edward Turner reports, from the Committee for Privileges and Elections, the same upon the Return of Mr. Robinson, and Sir Peter by several Inden-

tures, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Helfton in the County of Cornwall and that, upon Examination of the Fast, upon the Recommitment of the Cafe, it appeared to the Committee, that the Mayor and Inhabitants at large have the Right of Election of Members to lerve in Parliament for the said Borough: And that the Committee are of Opinion, that Sir Peter Killigrew, having the greater Number of the Votes of the said Inhabitants at large, is duly chosen, and ought to fit in this House.

And the Question being put, that this House doth agree with the Committee, that the Right of Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, is in the Mayor and Inhabitants at large; and that Sir Peter Killigrew is duly chosen, and do fit in this House )

The House was divided:

And the Noes went forth.

Sir Walt. Erie, ( Tellers for the Yeas i)

Sir Ant. Irby, ( With the Yeas, J

Sir John Bowyer, t Tellers for the Noes:

Sir Sol. Swayle, t With the Noes,

And so it passed in the Negative.

60.

92.

Ordered) TW: this Bill be read the Second time on Wednesday next.

A Bill for1 granting of Licences to fell Wine by Retail was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That, according to the Order of Saturday last, the House do forthwith resolve into a Grand Committee upon the Bill for Six Months Assessments.

And the House was resolved into a Grand Committee accordingly.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Henage Finch took the Chair.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Henage Finch reports from the Grand Comlnitteo to whom the Bill for Six Months Assessments is referred, the Desire of the said Committee, that they may have Leave to fit agaih Tomorrow Morning: And that the Committee, to whom Rules and Instructions for paying off the Navy, and dilbariding the Residue of the Army* are committed, may fit this Afternoon.

Resolved, That this House be resolved into a Grand Committee Tomorrow Morning, upon the Bill for Six Months Assessments.

Resolved, That the Committee, to whom it is referred to prepare Rules and Instructions for disbanding and paying off the Residue of the Army and Navy, do fit this Afternoon, in order to the Dispatching of that Business.

Mr. Herbert reports, that he had delivered to the Lords the Bill for Mr. Micklethwaite , and also the Order of this Day for Donkerque:And that the Lords gave Answer, as

to the said Order, That they concurred therein.

Ordered, That this House doth fit Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, for Dispatch of the ingrossed Bills now depending before the House.

A Bill for enabling the Master of the Rolls, for the Time being, to let Leases of the Mansion-House, Ground, and Tenements, with the Appurtenances belonging to the Master of the Rolls, was this Day read the First and Second time) and, on the Question, committed to Mr. Montague, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Capell Lucken, Serjeant Charlton, Sir George Howe, Sir John Sir Henry

North, Sir Henage Finch, Mr. Rigby, Mr.

Sir John Holland, Mr. Bafcawen, Mr. Mr.

ricke, Serjeant Glynn, Lord B', Mr. Sir Geo.

Downing, Sir Lancelot Lake Lord Viscount Mr. Thurland, Sir Francis Mr. Shawe, Mr.

Lowther, Sir Anth. Ashly CooperColonel , Mr.

Clifford, Sir Solomon Swaile, Mr. , Mr.

Sir George Downing, Mr. ElliMr. Hunger ford, Mr.

Foley, Mr. Ellison, Mr. William , and all the

Gentlemen of this House of the Long Robe: And they are to meet at Two of the Clock this Afternoon, in Mr. Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Sum of Twelve hundred Pounds a Week shall be paid to Colonel Edward , Governor of Donkerque, upon Account of the Garrison of

kerque, from the Sixth Day of November last, until the Twenty-fifth Day of December instant; and paid out of the Moiety of the Excise of Ale and Beer; for the Maintenance of the said Garrison.

Resolved, That the Customs, Contributions, and other Revenues, arising in Dunkerque, shall also go towards the Maintenance of the said Garrison of Donkerke.

Resolved, That the Lords Concurrence be desired herein: And Mr. Herbert is to carry it to the Lords.

A Bill for encouraging the Fisheries of this Kingdom was this Day read the First time.

Ordered, That the Report from the Grand Committee,' to whom the Amendments to the Bill touching the Court of Wards is committed, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Business of Captives is referred, do speedily inform themselves of the Names of the Persons now in Captivity under the Turke; at what times they were taken, whether in English Ships, and what Sums of Money may be competent for their Redemption; as also the Names of those who have been redeemed on particular Accounts, on whose Account, and on what Terms, since the Duties designed to that End have been diverted; and what Sum may be fit to be provided in respect of that; and to report the Whole to the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Dr. Child and Two Matters of Chancery j

Mr. Speaker, The Lords do return you Five Orders formerly font from this House: To Three they do concur; that is, concerning Henry SimbalT Colonel Anthony and Rowland Langhom Esquire: To the other Two, concerning Sir Thomas Dacres , and Mr. Peeke their Lordships have font them back, with these Alterations and Amendments; wherein they desire the Concurrence of this House.

The Amendments, sent down from the Lords, to the Orders concerning Sir Thomas , and Mr. Henry

Peeke, were read) and are as followeth;

In Sir Tho. Dacres: Line 8, after the Word " Receipt," and before the Word " Excise," leave out the Word " of," and insert these Words, " arising by and after the Word " Excise," add these Words, " of foreign Commodities imported."

Line 11, after the Words " on the," add the Word " said."

In Mr. Peeke's Order: line 6, after the Word " Receipt," and before the Word " Excise," leave out the Word " of," and insert these, " arising by j" and after the

104 Journals of the House Comrtions. A, i

the Word u Excise,' add these Words, of foreign Commodities imported."

8 Line, after the Words *.* of the," add the Word " laid.'*

Which were read.

Resolved, That this House doth agreie with the Lords in the Alterations and Amendments, lent from the Lords, to the Orders, sent from this House, concerning Sir Thomas Dacres, and Mr. Henry Peeke.

The Messengers being called in again, Mr. Speaker gave them this Answer;

The House have considered of your Message; and do concur with the Lords in the Amendments, sent from their Lordships, to the Two Orders concerning Sir Thomas cres, and Mr. Peeke.

And so the said Orders will (land as followeth; viz.

Ordered, by the Lords and Commons assembled in Parliament, That the Sum of Two hundred and Fifty Pounds, reported from the Committee for examining the Debts Of the Navy and Army, and other publick Debts, to be due to Sir ‘Thomas Dacres, for the like Sum of Two hundred and Fifty Pounds, Part of Five hundred Pounds advanced by him and Sir Edward Hales for the Affairs of Ireland, the Twenty-fourth of March 1641, and secured out of the then Poll- Bill, be charged on the Receipt arising by Excise of foreign Commodities imported, and paid to the said Sir Thomas or his Assigns, out

of the said Receipt, in Course, after the other Sums, formerly charged by this Parliament on the said Excise, be paid and satisfied: And the Commissioners of Excise are impowered and required to pay the same accordingly: And this Order, together with the Acquittance of Sir Thomas Dacres, or his Assigns, shall be a sufficient Warrant and Discharge.

Ordered, by the Lords and Commons assembled in Parliament, That the Sum of Three thousand Four hundred Forty-three Pounds Twelve Shillings Five-pence Halfpenny, remaining due to Henry Peck Esquire, by virtue of former Orders of Parliament, and formerly ordered by the House of Commons to be paid out of the Estates of Recusants remaining in the Hands of Receivers, be charged on the Receipt arising by Excise of foreign Commodities imported, and paid to the said Henry his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, out of the said Excise, in Course, after the other Sums, formerly charged by this Parliament on the Excise, be paid and satisfied: And the Commissioners of the Excise are impowered and required to pay the same accordingly: And this Order, together with the Acquittance of Mr. , his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, testifying his Receipt thereof, shall be, to the Commissioners, a sufficient Warrant and Discharge in this Behalf.

Tuesday, the XIth December, 1660.

Prayers.

SIR Edward Turner reports Amendments to the Bill for enabling Sir Anthony Browne to left Lands for Payment of Debts: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place j and were, upon the Question, agreed unto.

Resolved, That this Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The humble Petition of divers same Soldiers, and Widows, which were prest for the Service of King and Parliament, under Command of the Earl of was this Day read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the former Committee, to whom the Business of the Hospitals of Savoy and Ely House is committed; to consider of the said Petition , and to report to the House, how the Monies, formerly appointed to be paid for the Petitioners Relief and Paying-off, are issued; and whether any Part thereof remains in the Treasurers Hands i and, if any, then into what Way

it will be fit to put the issuing thereof: And to offer their Opinion, upon the Whole, to the House.

And the Lord Fairfax is added to the Committee.

Mr. Montague reports Amendments to the Bill for enabling the Master of the Rolls to let Leases of the Mansion-House, Ground, and Tenements, belonging to the Master of the Rolls: Which he read in his Place; and were after read the First and Second time by the Clerk *, and, with some Amendments made at the Table, were agreed.

Resolved, That this Bill, with the said Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ah ingrossed Bill, for confirming a pretended Act, to enable William Milward Esquire to fell Lands for Payment of Debts, was this Day read the Third time ami, on the Question, passed.

Resolved, That the Title of this Bill be. An Act for confirming a pretended Act, to enable William Milward Esquire to fell Lands for Payment of Debts.

Resolved, That this Bill be carried to the Lords for their Concurrence: And Sir John Bowyer is to carry it to the Lords accordingly.

Resolved, That, on Saturday next, a Bill be brought in for making effectual to Sir John , and

others, late Farmers of several Customs, a Clause, concerning the said Sir John- W, and others the said Farmers, contained in the Act of General Pardon and Oblivion: And that Mr. Goodricke do bring in a Bill accordingly.

A Bill, ingrossed, concerning the Rectory of Preston in the County of Suffolke, was this Day read the Third time and, on the Question, passed.

Resolved, That the Tide of the Bill be. An Act for the disappropriating of the Rectory appropriate of and uniting and consolidating of the fad Rectory, and of the Vicarage of the Church of Preston \ and for assure-ing of the Advowson, and Right of Patronage of the fame, unto the Master, Fellows, and Scholars, of Emanuel College in Cambridge, and their Successors.

Resolved, That Bill be sent to the Lords for their Concurrence: And that Mr. Crowcb do carry it to the Lords.

Peter ViElorme, Peter Vanden , and Court,

took the Oaths, in order to their Naturalizing.

Serjeant Rainsford reports, from the Grand Committee, Amendments to the Bill for publick Sales (being reduced into the Form of an intire Bill, in regard the Amendments were lb many and various): Which were read the First time.

Resolved, That these Amendments be read the Second time on Friday Morning next.

Serjeant Charlton reports, from the Grand Committee, Amendments to the Bill for taking away the Court of Wards, and Purveyance; and settling on his Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors, the Moiety of the Excise of Ale, Beer, and other Liquors, in Compensation thereof: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence and were after read the First and Second time by the Clerk , and were after read by Parts; and all of the Amendments, but one, viz. Folio 9, Lane 14, were, on several Questions, agreed unto.

Resolved, That, instead of the Amendments Folio 9,' Lane 14, these Words be inserted, viz. " as well by Night as by Day; and if by Night, then in the Presence of a Constable, or other lawful Officer."

A Proviso was tendered to this Bill, concerning the Bishop of Durham.

And the Question being put, that the said Proviso be received,

It passed in the Negative,

Twq

Two other Provi foes were tendered to this Bill;

" Provided always, and be it Enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any time, be sued or prosecuted for any thing by him or them done or executed in pur-ftiance of this Act, he or they shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act in Evidence, for his Defence; and if, upon the Trial, a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs be Nonsuit, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have double Costs to him or them awarded, against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs."

♦* Provided also, and be it Enacted, That no Writ or Writs of Certiorari shall supersede Execution upon any Order or Orders made by the Justices aforesaid, in pursuance of this Act; but that Execution shall and may be had and made thereupon; any such Writ, or Writs, or Allowance thereof, notwithstanding."

Which were read the First and Second time; and, with the Addition of these Words, " or other Proceeding," in the Second Line of the Second Proviso, after the Word " Execution and these Words, " and other Proceedings," in the Fourth Line *, were, on the Question, agreed unto; and ordered to be Part of the Bill.

Another Proviso was tendered to this Bill; To save Reliefs due to common Persons: Which was read the First and Second time.

Resolved, That it be referred to Mr. Montague, Mr. . Allen, Sir Tho. Widdrington, Sir Edw. Turner, Mr. Conyers, Serjeant Glyn, Sir Henage Finch, Mr. Hollis, Serjeant

Maynard, Serjeant Charlton, Mr. Mr. Chafe,

Lord Howard, Mr. Prynn , or any Two of them -, to withdraw, and pen a Clause upon the Debate of this House: And to bring in a Clause for repealing the Acts of 32,33 Henry VIII. for erecting the Court of Wards and Liveries, or such Part thereof as shall be thought lit to be taken away: And they are to meet this Afternoon, the Sitting of the House notwithstanding.

This House adjourns itself till Two of the Clock this Afternoon.

Tuesday, post Meridiem, 11 1660.

A Bill, sent from the Lords, for restoring Henry Lord Arundell of War dour to all his Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, whereof he Was possessed on the 20 May 1642, was this Day read the Second time; and, upon the Question, ordered to be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

after the Report of the Amendments to the Bill for Naturalization.

A Bill to restore Wentworth, now Earl of,

to all his Manors and Lands in the Kingdom of whereof he, Jan.es Earl of Rofcomraon, and others, were possessed the 23 October 1641, was this Day read the Second time.

And the Question being put, that this Bill be committed;

It passed with the Negative.

Resolved, That this Bill be now read the Third time.

The said Bill was read the Third time accordingly; and, upon the Question, passed.

Mr. Hollis is desired to carry this Bill to the Lords.

Ordered, That the Sub-Committee, to whom the Petition of the Officers of the Court of Wards is referred, be made a Committee of this House: And that they state the Cafes of the respective Officers; and report how the said Petitioners, and respective Officers, may be satisfied for Lois of their respective Offices: And that they meet Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber; and so de die in diem.

A Bill for settling Lands of Colonel in the County of Nottingham upon the Lord Lexington and Sir Thomas Williamfon, until the Sum of Two thousand Six hundred and Ninety Pounds, with Damages, be paid and satisfied, was this Day read the First time.

The humble Petition of John Hutchinson Esquire was this Day read.

The Question being put, that this Bill be read the Second time;

The House was divided:

The Yeas went forth.

Sir Jo. Talbott, $ Tellers for the Yeas

Lord Angier,

Mr. Bampfeild,

Mr. Bodarda,

So it passed with the Negative.

With the Yeas, } t Tellers for the Noes: > p I With the Noes, J

A Bill, ingrossed, for making the Precinct of Garden parochial, was this Day read the Third time; and, upon the Question, passed.

Resolved, That the Title of this Bill be. An Act for making the Precinct of Covent-Garden parochial.

Ordered, That this Bill be sent to the Lords for their Concurrence.

That Mr. Knightly do carry it to the Lords,

A Bill, sent down from the Lords, for restoring Sir George Hamilton to his Manor, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, whereof he was possessed on the 23 October 1641, was this Day read the First time; and ordered to Be read the Second time on Thursday Morning next.

A Bill, for enabling John Windham Esquire to fell Timber for Payment of Debts, was this Day read the Third time.

And the Question being put, that this Bill do pass; The House was divided:

Sir Solomon Swaile, t Tellers for the Noes:

Lord Bruice, I With the Noes, J 11

Mr. Bramston, l Tellers for the Yeas: 1 Mr. Cornwallis, t With the Yeas, J 44‘

So it passed with the Negative.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Turner do make his Report of the Amendments to the Bill for Naturalization of the Lord Chancellor's Children, and the King's Servants, Tomorrow Morning, the first Business.

Ordered, That the Bill for the Incorporating the Lord Mayor, and Four Senior Aldermen of London, to enable them to execute the Will of Henry Hilton Esquire, deceased, be read the First time Tomorrow Morning, next

The ingrossed Bill, for enabling the Master of the R0II9 to let Leases, was this Day read the Third time; and, on the Question, passed.

Resolved, That the Title of this Bill be, An Act impowering the Master of the Rolls, for the Time being, to make Leases for Years, in order to new-build the old Houses belonging to the Rolls.

Resolved, That this Act be carried to the Lords: And Sir Allen Broadricke is to carry it to the Lords.

11 ..... ..... —

Wednesday, xii,h December, 1660,

Prayers.

DAME Anna Morgan, born at Delfe in Holland,

Daughter and Heir of Sir Charles Morgan, Colonel, and late Governor of Burgen up Zom, and now Wife of Walter Strickland Esquire, took the Oaths, in order to her Naturalization.

Mr. Rich reports, from the Committee for Trade,

That they had examined the Matter complained of against John Lee, Elias Mafhman, John Bound, John Burgo, of Canterbury, now in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, upon Information that they had transported Wool beyond Sea, contrary to Law: And that F f f ' the

the Committee are of Opinion* that they be forthwith discharged.

Resolved, That John Lee, Elias John bound,

and John Burgo, now in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms

attending this House, be forthwith released, and set at Liberty, they paying their Fees.

Sir Edward Turner reports Amendments in the Bill for

Naturalizing of Nicholas Oudart Esquire, and others: Which he read in his Place.

Resolved, That John Van de Abigail

Wm. Geering, and Elizabeth Hodgkin, who have produced no Certificates of their receiving the Sacrament, be left out of the Bill.

He also presents a List of Names, recommended by his Majesty, the Lord Chancellor, and others, amounting to Thirty-six in Number.

Resolved, That the said Names be added in the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill, with those Amendments and Additions, be ingrafted.

Ordered, by the and Commons, in Parliament assembled, That the Sum of Two thousand and Two hundred Pounds, due to several Persons on Bills of Exchange, drawn by Sir Robert Honywood, and the other late Commissioners in Sweden, for their Allowance, from the Nineteenth of April 1660, and for Mourning at the King of Sweden's Death*, viz. Three hundred Pounds on Bill, dated 8 May 1660, payable to William Allott *, Four hundred Pounds on Bill, dated 8 May 1660, payable to the said William Allot j Six hundred Pounds on Bill, dated 8 May 1660, payable to Mr. Robert Swayle \ and the several Sums of Six hundred Pounds, and Three hundred Pounds, payable to the said Mr. Swayle *, extending the Allowance to the One-and-thirtieth of August 1660, when the said Sir Robert Honywood caused his Majesty's Plate and Houshold-stuff to be delivered at Whitehall -, be charged on the Receipt of Excise, arising by foreign Commodities imported, and paid (together with Interest, after Six per Cent, from the Date hereof, to the time of Payment) in Course, after the other Sums shall be satisfied, which are charged on the Excise, by former Orders of Parliament, to the several Persons to whom the said Bills are payable, as aforesaid, or their Assigns, according to the Sums charged in the said Bills respectively, in foil Sadffastion of the said several Bills: And the Commissioners of the Excise, for the Time being, are impowered and required to pay the same accordingly: And this Order, with the Acquittances of the said several Persons, or their respective Assigns, testifying their Receipts of the said several Bills, shall be, to the said Commissioners, a sufficient Warrant and Discharge.

Ordered, by the and Commons, in Parliament assembled. That the Sum of Five hundred Twenty-eight Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Three-pence, due to Colonel John Streattor, and John Maycocke, Printers, for several tilings by them printed, after the Admission of the secluded Members, and for the Service of the House then fitting, according to an Account, allowed by their Order, dated 15 March 1659, be charged on the Receipt of Excise, arising by foreign Commodities imported, and paid, in Course, after the other Sums shall be satisfied, which are charged on the Excise, by former Orders of this Parliament, to the said John Streattor, and John , or

their Assigns: And the Commissioners of the Excise, for the time being, are impowered and required to pay the same accordingly: And this Order, together with the Acquittance of the said John Streatter, and John Maycock, or their Assigns, shall be, to the fad Commissioners, a sufficient Warrant and Discharge.

Resolved, That the Lords Concurrence be desired to these Orders: And Sir John Temple is to carry them to the Lords.

Resolved, That Mr. Titus have Leave to bring into this House, Tomorrow Morning, a Bill for levying, in

S-

the City of London, an Assessment for defraying the Charges of the Officers, Trophies, and other Contingencies of the Militia of that City.

Mr. Pedley reports Amendments to the Bill for supplying the Defects of the Act for Poll-Money: Which he read in his Place; and were afterwards read the First and Second time by the Clerk.

Resolved, That the Time for returning of the Sums charged be altered from the Second of February to the Second of March 1660.

Resolved, That that Clause in the Amendments, concerning the Sum chargeable on Esquires, or reputed Esquires, be as it is in the Bill.

And the Amendments, so altered, were, upon the Question, agreed.

That the Members of the fespective Counties or Places, where there's a Defect of Commissioners, may add Commissioners Names for their respective Counties and Precincts, before the Rising of the House > and such as shall be brought in, fitting the House, and ligned by one or more Members of this House, be ingrafted into the Bill.

Mr. Pedley reports an irltroduftory Clause to the additional Commissioners to be named in this Bill: Which was read; and agreed to be Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill, so amended, be ingrafted.

Mr. Montague reports from the Committee, to whom it was referred, by an Order of Yesterday, to bring in a Proviso upon the then Debate of the House, concerning the Bill for taking away the Court of Wards, a Proviso to the Tenor following:

Provided always, and be it Enacted, That any thing herein contained shall not take away, nor be construed to take away, any Fines, Duties, or Payments, due, by particular Customs, to any mean Lord, or private Person, other than such Duties, which, by the common Law of this Realm, or by the Custom of Fee *, are incident to any the Tenures by this Act intended to be taken away:

Which was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed; and ordered to be Part of the Bill.

He tenders another Clause to the said Bill; viz.

And be it further Ordained and Enacted, by Authority of this present Parliament, That one Act, made in the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An Act for the Establishing the Court of the King's Wards j and also one Act of Parliament, made in the Three-and-thirtieth Year of the Reign of the said King Henry VIII. concerning the Officers of the Court of Wards and Liveries; and every Clause, Article, and Matter, in the said Act contained, shall from henceforth be repealed, and utterly void.

An Amendment was tendered to the Bill, concerning the Grandfather's Guardship of a Child, in case of the Death of a Father, and the Remarrying of the Mother.

And the Question being put, that the Amendment, now propounded, be received and read;

It passed In the Negative.

Resolved, That, in Folio 5, Line the Word " whether," and these Words, Line 18, " or otherwise," be omitted in the additional Part of the Bill j and so the Words to stand thus, " sold by Retail."

Resolved, That, in the same Folio, Line 18, the Word " Buyer," in the Interlineation, be omitted; and, instead thereof, the Word " Retailer" be inserted.

Resolved, That, in Folio 14, Line last but one, these Words, " Commissioners, who shall be appointed by his Majesty for Appeals and Regulation of the Excise," be omitted; and, instead thereof, these Words, viz. ‘‘Lord Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being; or such other Person or Persons as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall appoint," be inserted.

That the Clause, Folio 15, beginning with these Words, "and that the Commissioners," and ending, Line 15, with these Words, " said Receipt," be omitted out of the Bill *, and that Amendments be answerably made.

Folio

207

Folio 16, Line 3, and Line ii; and in Folio 15, Line ♦, the Word " appointed," and all following in 18, 19, 20, and 21 Line, to " on Behalf," be omitted.

Resolved, That this Bill, with the Amendments and Provisoes agreed on, be ingrossed.

Sharlott, Wife of 7ho. Killegrew Esquire, and Jane Sayer, this Day took the Oaths, in order to their Naturalization.

Thursday, 13 Dece, 1660.

Prayers.

f\Rdered, That this House do fit Tomorrow at Three V of the Clock, and every Afternoon after this Day, till further Order,

An ingrossed Bill, Tent from the Lords, for relloring of Charles Earl of Derby to the Possession of the Manors,

Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, belonging unto James late Earl of Derby, his Father, was this Day read the First time.

Ordered, That Sir George Hamilton's Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow in the Afternoon.

Mr. Titus reports a Bill for enabling the City of London to raise Monies to defray the Charges of the Militia of that City.

Resolved, That the said Bill be now read the First time.

And the same was read the First time accordingly.

The Question being put, that this Bill be read the Second time on Saturday next;

The House was divided:

And the Yeas went forth.

Mr. Titus, c Tellers for the Yeas:

Sir Sol. Swayle, lWith the Yeas, J1*4'

Colonel Gerard, t Tellers for the Noes: > ,

Colonel King, I With the Noes, f 5°'

And lb, the Question passing in the Affirmative,

Resolved, That this Bill be read the Second time on Saturday next.

Sir Henage Finch reports, from the Committee, a Bill for settling on the King's Majesty, for and during his Life, the other Moiety of the Excise of Beer, Ale, and other Liquors: Which was read the First and Second time.

Resolved, That this Bill be referred to a Grand Committee; who are to fit this Afternoon; and lb de die in diem till this Business be dispatched.

Ordered, That this House do forthwith fefolve into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Six Months Assessments.

Resolved, That the Grand Committee, to whom the Bill for settling the Militia is referred, do meet this Afternoon, and proceed upon the said Bill, after Dispatch of the other Bills for granting to his Majesty the other Moiety of the Excise; and That for the Six Months Assessments: And to fit de die in diem till they be ready for a Report; which they are to make wirh all convenient Speed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Child and *, Two Masters of Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords do here fend you a Bill, intituled, An Act for making void certain Fines, unduly procured to be levied by Sir Edward Knight and

Baronet, and Dame Mary his Wife; to which their Lordships desire the Concurrence of this House.

Ordered, That this Bill be read Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the Names of Commissioners, which have been this Day delivered in as Additional for the Poll- Bill, be inserted into the Bill ordered to be ingrossed.

Friday, xiiuh December, 1660.

Prayers.

A Bill, lent from the Lords, for restoring Sir George Hamilton unto his Lands and Estate in Ireland, was this Day read the Second time.

The Question being put, that this Bill be committed;

It palfed in the Negative.:

Resolved, That this Bill be now read the Third time. And it was accordingly read the Third time; and, on the Question, palfed.

This to be lent to the Lords.

A Letter from his Highness the Duke of Tor he, directed thus; " For Sir Harhot tie Grimston Baronet, Speaker of the House of Commons;" and dated at Whitehall, 13 December 1660; was this Day read.

A Petition, which came inclosed in the said Letter, and is thereby recommended to the House, intituled. The humble Petition of many of the Inhabitants of Dove, and the Chirurgeons employed for Cure of the Sick and Wounded sent thither, was this Day read.

The humble Petition of the Inhabitants of Harwich, and the Chirurgeons employed for Cure of the Sick and Wounded sent thither, was this Day read.

Resolved, That it be referred to the Commissioners for disbanding the Army, to examine what Monies remain due to the Inhabitants of the Port of Dover, and other the Port-Towns of this Kingdom, for the Cure, Quartering, and Attendance, of sick and wounded Soldiers and Seamen, sent thither from Flattnders, and the Ships of his Majesty's Navy; and report the State thereof Tomorrow Morning.

And Mr. Sprey is added to the said Commissioners, as to this Business.

Mr. Serjeant Charlton reports, from the Grand Committee, Amendments to the Bill for granting to his Majesty the Second Moiety of the Excise of Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, during his Life: Which he read in his Place *, and were after read the First and Second time by the Clerk.

Resolved, That the Rate of Excise on foreign Cyder imported be Two Shillings and Six-pence by the Hogs-head, and so proportionably for a greater or lesser Quantity; to be divided. Fifteen-pence into the Bill for the first Moiety; and Fifteen-pence into the Bill for this Moiety, on Beer, Ale, and other liquors, settled on his Majesty.

Resolved, That where the Penalty in this Bill amounts to Ten Pounds, the same be reduced to Five Pounds: And lb the Amendments, with those Alterations, being put to the Question, were agreed unto.

Resolved, That this Bill, with the said Amendments and Alterations, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That every Member of this House, who shall stand in the Passage by the Door of this House, shall forfeit Twelve-pence; to be paid to the Serjeant tq the Use of the Poor of Westminste

Colonel Birch reports, from the Committee, a Bill for settling the Excise of inland Goods, and foreign Commodities imported: Which was read the First time.

A Message from the Lords, by the Lord Chief Baron and Mr. Justice Atkins;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down the Bill, sent up to them, for the Attainder of the Persons guilty of the Murder of the King's Majesty; wherein they concur with this House; except in the Provilb which concerns the Lord Herbert, and the Marquis of Worcester, his Father; to which they have made some small Amendments, and desire your Concurrence therein.

The

C3oooolt —

The laid Amendments, sent from the Lords, were read the First and Second timel, and Tfrere, on the Question, agreed, being as followeth:

3 Skin, 59 Line, after the Word " late," and before the Word " of," put out the Word Earl j" and put in the Word " Marquis."

60 Line, after the Word " Edward" and before the Word " Marquis," put in the Word " now."

61 Line, after the Word " said," and before the Word " Marquis," put in the Word " Edward;" and after the Wbrd " Marquis," put in the Words " of Worcester."

62, after the Word " Use," and before the Word u had," put in these Words, " or any other the Persons attainted by this Act, or otherwise, or any Person or Persons in Trust for them, or any of them."

4 Skin, 2 Line, after the Word " before," and before the Word " the," put in these Words, " or since."

4 Line, after the Word " and, " in the Beginning of the 4th Line, and before the Word " Henry" in 5th Line, put out these Words, " from and after the Decease of the said Marquis, shall be and remain/*

5 Line, after the Word " ," and before the

Word " any," leave out the Words " and his Heirs and insert these Words, " in fitch Manner and Form, and for such Estate and Estates, with such Powers and Privileges, as they formerly had in the same respectively."

6 line, after the Word " made," and before the Word " by," put in these Words, " or acknowledged."

The Messengers being called in again, Mr. Speaker gave them this Answer;

Thfc House have considered of your Message, and of the Amendments sent down from the Lords to the Provish touching the Marquis of , and the Lord

Herbert; and do agree therein with the Lords.

Resolved, That Colonel Birch do make Report Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock, of the publick Debts proposed to be secured out of the Excise of Foreign Goods, and inland Commodities.

Resolved, That the House do fit in a Grand Committee this Afternoon, to go on with the Bill for Six Months Assessments; and, that being dispatched, then with the Bill for the Militia.

This House adjourns itself till Eight of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Saturday, the xvth , 1660.

Prayers.

/jRdered, That this House do fit in the Afternoon of this Day, to proceed upon the ingrossed private Bills depending before the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Milton, nowin Custodyof the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, be forthwith released, paying his Fees.

An ingrossed Bill, for Naturalizing Francis and others, was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, That Edward born at the Buss in

Brabant, and Anne Bedell, born at in Son and Daughter of Wm. Bedell, late of Moulsworth in the County of Huntington, Esquire, be inserted into the said Bill , and so the Bill, with the said Amendments, being put to the Question, passed.

Resolved, That the Title of the said Bill be. An Act for Naturalizing of Francis Hide and others:

That this Bill be sent to the Lords for their Concurrence. And Sir Edward Turner is to carry it to the Lords.

A Bill, ingrossed, for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries and Purveyance, and settling on his Majesty

a Compensation for the fame, was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, That in the Third Skin, at the End of the 19 Line, the Words " Timber Fewel" be inserted into the Bill.

A Proviso was tendered to this Bill; That nothing in this Act shall repeal or make void any Matter or Thing contained in one Act of this present Parliament, intituled, An Act of free and general Pardon, Indemnity, and Oblivion: And that no Person or Persons, his or their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, shall be liable to any Afticti, Suit, or Demand, for any Sum or Sums of Money rci ceived fihce the said Twenty-fourth Day of February 1645, out of the Land or Estate of any Ward within Age, by reason or colour of any Grant, Order, Commitment, or other Disposition made or granted by his late Majesty, or his Majesty that now is, or by both or either of the Houses of Parliament, or by any Authority, or pretended Authority, derived from them, or any of them *, nor for any Sum or Sums of Money, paid since the Twenty-fourth Day of February to any publick Receiver out of such Lands or Estate: Nevertheless, the said publick Receivers shall be accomptable to his Majesty, in such Sort, as in the said Act of Oblivion is appointed, and not otherwise:

Which was read the First, Second, and Third time; and laid aside.

Another Proviso was tendered to this Bill that this Act, or any thing therein contained, shall not extend, o r be construed to extend, in any Manner, to weaken, or in» validate one Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act of Free and General Pardon, Indemnity, and Oblivion j but that every Clause, Article, Matter, and Thing, therein mentioned and comprised, shall, notwithstanding this Act, or any Matter or Thing the rein, remain good and valid, and be of the same Force, Virtue, and Effect, as if this Act had never been made:

Which was read the First and Second time; and, on the Question, agreed unto; and ordered to be Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That in the 3 Skin, 19 Line, after the Word " Fewel," and before the Word " Corn," in the 2 Line, this Word, " Cattle, be inserted.

Another Proviso was tendered to this Bill; that this Act, or any thing therein contained, shall not be prejudicial to Edward Backwell, Alderman of London, as to the Sum of Twenty-eight thousand Four hundred and Fifty Pounds, or any Part thereof, by him advanced upon the Credit of several Orders of this present Parliament, and by them charged on the Receipt of the Grand Excise } that is so say, the Sum of Five thousand Pounds, payable to his Majesty *s Surveyor General, for the Repair of his Majesty's Houses, charged by virtue of an Order of the Sixth of September 1660, with Interest for the same; the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds advanced to her HighnelS the Princess Royal, being charged, with Interest, by an Order of the Thirteenth of September 1660: The Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, payable to her Majesty the Queen of Bohemia, being charged, together with Interest, by an Order of the Thirteenth of September 1660: The Sum of Three thousand Four hundred and Fifty Pounds, payable for Provisions for Donkerke, by Order of the Twenty-sixth November 1660: Which Sum of Twenty-eight thousand Four hundred and Fifty Pounds, together with Interest for the same according to the Tenor of the said Orders after the Rate of Six/w Cent', shall be paid to the said Edward Backwell, or his Assigns, out of the Grand Excise, and the Arrears thereof, in Course, as is by the said Orders appointed: And, in case the same shall fall short in Payment by the Twenty-fifth of December 1660, that then die Remainder shall continue secured to him. Out of the whole Excise in Course, as aforesaid: And that no other Payments be made out of the Excise, but what is appointed, in Course, to precede the fame, until the said Debt, due to the said Edward Backwell, be satisfied: And that in case any Part of the Monies due to Alderman Backwell be paid out of that Part of the Excise, which shall

It Car. II. Journals of the House of Commons.

shall grow due to the King's Majesty; that then his Majesty shall be reimbursed the same out of the first Monies that shall come in of the Arrears of Excise, that will be

due to the' said Twenty-fifth of 'December:And, in case

the said Arrears shall not be sufficient, then, out of the remaining Part of the Excise upon Foreign Commodities, and other Inland Goods: Which was read the First and Second time:

Resolved, That in the 22 Line of the said Proviso, betwixt the Word " appointed," and the Words " in Course," these Words, viz." by this present Parliament," be inferred.

Resolved, That these Words, at the Close of the said Proviso, viz. " and, in case the said Arrears shall not be

sufficient, then, out of the remaining Part of the Excise upon Foreign Commodities, and other Inland Goods," be left out of the said Proviso.

And the Proviso, so amended, being the Xhird time be a publick Debt, and whether, the same be paid, or read, was, on the Question, agreed unto j and ordered to other Security or Payment accepted, and why the Bond

first read by him in his Place, with the Coherence; and after, twice read by the Clerk; and, upon the Questiony agreed unto.

Ordered, That this Bill be ingrossed.

A Bill, ingrossed, for enabling of Sir Anthony BrOwne to fell Lands for Payment of Debts, was this Day read the Third time; and, on the Question, passed.

Sir Edw. Eurner is to Carry up this Act to the Lords.

Resolved, That this be the Title of this Act, An Act for enabling Sir Aithony Broivne to fell Lands for Payment of Debts.

The humble Petition of Arthur Lord , Earl

of Dong ale, was this Day read.

Ordered, That this Petition be referred to a Committee, to examine the whole Matter of Fact, whether the Debt

be Parr of the Bill.

Resolved, That in Skin 2, Line 62, after the Word " London" and before the Word " concerning," these Words, viz. " nor of any other City or Town Corporate, or of the Town of Barwi upon be in-

ferred.

A Proviso was tendered to this Bill, concerning a Debt

was not delivered up , and offer to the House, what they think fit to be done in the Business; with*Power to fend for Persons, Papers, Witnesses, and Records; viz. unto Sir John Northcott, Sir Anth. Irby, Mr. Knightly, Mr. Tong, Mr. Bampfield, Sir John Mr. Prynn,

Lord Valentia, Mr. Knight, Lord Anger, Mr. Palmer,

Sir Walter Erie, Sir IVm. Doyly, Colonel King, Mr. Spreey, - - are

formerly charged on the Court of Wards, by Privy Seal Mn; or any Five of them: And are to meet

from die late King's Majesty, and claimed by William in the Speaker's Chamber, at Two of the Clock this Af-

140.

*3*-

Powell, alias Hinfon, Esquire.

And the Question being put, that the said Proviso be now read;'

The House was divided: And The Yeas went forth.

Sir John Boyer, t Tellers for the Yeas

Sir Sol. Swayle, X With the Yeas,

Sir John Clobery, ( Tellers for the Noes: j Mr. Bampfeild, I With the Noes, 3

And so the Question passing in the Affirmative; Resolved, That this Proviso be now read.

The said Proviso was read accordingly the First time; and was after withdrawn by Mr. Powell.

Another Proviso was tendered to this Bill, concerning a further Allowance, for Filling and Leakage of Ale.

And the Question being put, that this Proviso be received -,

It passed in the Negative.

And so the Bill, with these Amendments, was, on the Question, passed.

Resolved, That the Tide of this Bill be. An Act for talcing away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Te-

ternoon.

The humble Petition of John Ilodder, late Commissary of the Provisions of Victuals for his Majesty's fixed Magazine, in the City of Corke in Ireland, was read.

Ordered, That the Petition be referred to the Committee for publick Debts, to examine this Business, slate Matter of Fadl, and -report it to this House: And that Captain Eitus be added to that Committee, as to this Business.

A Complaint being made, that the Serjeant at Arms had demanded excessive Fees for the Imprisonment of Mr. Milton;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee for Privileges, to examine this Business; and to call Mr. Milton and the Serjeant before them; and to determine what is fit to be given the Serjeant for his Fees in this Cafe.

Mr. Hollis represents, to this House, an Order made by the Lords of his Majesty's Privy-Council, and spe-

nures in Capite, and by Knights-Service and Purveyance; cially recommended to this House for their Advice there-and for settling a Revenue on his Majesty, in Lieu thereof. in, touching Protection for the Jews: Which was read.

Resolved, That this Bill be carried to the Lords: And Ordered, That this Business be taken into Considera- Mr. Pierrepont is to carry it to the Lords. tion Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That, on Monday Morning next, die Committee do report the State of publick Debts.

Ordered, That on Monday Morning next, die ingrossed Bill for settling the other Moiety of Excise of Ale, Beer, and other Liquors, on his Majesty for Life, be read.

Ordered, That the Report of Amendments, to the Bill for Postage of Letters, be made on Monday Morning next.

This House adjourns itself till Monday Morning next, at Eight of the Clock.

Monday, xviith December, 1660.

Prayers.

MR. Pedley reports Amendments to the Bill for confirming the Sale of the Manor of Hitcham, and other Lands sold by Sir John Clerke Knight: Which were

A Bill, ingrossed, for settling the Moiety of Excise of Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, on the King's Majesty, during his Life, was this Day read the Third time.

A Proviso was tendered to this Bill, for securing Monies advanced by Alderman Backwell, upon Orders of Parliament; and is as followeth;

Provided always, and be it further Enabled, that this Act, or any thing therein contained, shall not be prejudicial to Edward Backwell, Alderman of London, as to the Sum of Twenty-eight thousand Four hundred and Fifty Pounds, or any Part thereof, by him advanced upon the Credit of several Orders of this present Parliament; and by them charged on the Receipt of the Grand Excise; that is to say, the Sum of Five thousand Pounds, payable to his Majesty's Surveyor-General, for the Repair of his Majesty's Houses, charged, by virtue of an Order of the Sixth of September 1660, with Interest for the fame: The Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, advanced to her Highness the Princess Royal, being charged, with Interest, by an Order of the Thirteenth of September, 1660: The Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, payable to her Majesty the Queen of Bohcmiah, being charged, together with Interest, by an G g g' Order

tio Journals of the House of Comtnons. I

Order of Thirteenth September 1660: The Sum of Three thousand Four hundred and Fifty Pounds, payable for Provisions for Donkerqut, by Order of the Twenty-sixth of November 1660: Which Sum of Twenty-eight thousand Four hundred and Fifty Pounds, together with Interest for the same according to the Tenor of the said Orders after the Rate of Six per Cent', shall be paid to the said Edward Backwell, or his Assigns, out of the Grand Excise, and the Arrears thereof, in Course, as is by the said Orders appointed , and in case the same shall fall short in Payment, by the Twenty-fifth of December 1660, that then the Remainder shall continue secured to him out of the whole Excise, in Course, as aforesaid: And that no other Payments be made out of the Excise, but what is appointed by this present Parliament, in Course to precede the fame, until the said Debts due to the said Edw-. Backwell be satisfied iAnd, that in case any Part of the Monies due to Alderman Backwell be paid out of that Part of the Excise, which shall grow due to the King's Majesty that then his Majesty shall be reimbursed the same out of the First Monies that shall come in of the Arrears of Excise that will be due the said Twenty-fifth December:

Which was read the First, Second, and Third time; and, upon the Question, agreed unto; and ordered to be Part of this Bill.

And the said Bill, with the Proviso, being put to the Question, patted.

Resolved, That this be the Title of the Bill, viz. A Grant of certain Impositions upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for the Increase of his Majesty's Revenue, dure-ing his Life:

That this Bill be carried to the Lords: And Mr. pont is to carry it to the Lords.

Resolved, That One Month's Assettment, after the Rate of Seventy thousand Pounds -per , be granted towards

the Charges of his Majesty's Coronation; and for Jewels to be set in his Majesty's Crown, suitable to his Majesty's Honour and Grandeur; and as a Memorial of the Respects and Affection of this House to his Sacred Majesty.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in to this Purpose:

That Mr. Sollicitor do prepare and bring in this Bill.

Sir Edward ‘Turner carried to the Lords, the Bill for Naturalization , the Bill for the Lord Viscount RoJ and the Bill for Sir Anthony Browne; and also the Bill of Attainder, amended, on the Message font from the Lords.

Mr. Pierrepont carries to the Lords, the Bill for taking away the Court of Wards, settling on his Majesty, a Revenue in lieu thereof: And the Bill, passed this Day, containing a Grant of certain Impositions, for Increase of his Majesty's Revenue.

Resolved, That a Jewel, of One thousand Pounds Value, be provided and presented, in the Name of this House, to Francis Windham Esquire, as an Expression of their Sense and high Esteem of the great and eminent Service by him performed, in securing and preserving his Majesty's Person, after the Battle at Worcester.

Ordered, By the and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, that the Sum of One thousand Pounds, for the buying of a Jewel for Francis Windham Esquire, in respect of his great and eminent Service, in securing the Person of the King's Majesty, after the Battle at Worcester, be and hereby is charged on the Arrears of Excise, which are or shall become due on the 25th of December Instant, and paid to the said Mr.

Windham, or his Assigns, in Course, after the Monies shall be satisfied, which are already charged on the Grand Excise, by former Orders of this Parliament: And the Commissioners of the Excise for the Time being, are empowered and required to pay the same accordingly: And the Acquittance of the said Mr. Windham, or his Assigns, testifying the Receipt thereof, shall be, to the said Commissioners of Excise, a sufficient Warrant and Discharge.

The Lords Concurrence is desired herein: And Mr. ' Tong is to carry it to the Lords; and to present to their Lordships the Grounds and Reasons of this House passing this Vote.

Resolvedd, That the Thanks of this House be given to Mr. Windham for his said Service.

And Mr. Speaker gave him the Thanks of this House accordingly, as follows;

Mr. Windham, You perceive what Notice the House

hath taken of your great and eminent Service, whereby it pleased God to make you instrumental in the Safeguard and Preservation of his Majesty's sacred Person a Blessing we have all so great an Interest in We have had many dispairing Years, and, by your Means, we have been raised out of the Grave of Despair and Confofron: And therefore I am commanded in the Name of this House, and of those they represent, the Commons of England, to give you, and I do accordingly give you their hearty Thanks.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr. *, Two Matters of Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you a Bill, intituled,

An Act for levying of certain Monies, due upon the Col-ledtion for the Protestants of Ptogether with several Alterations and Amendments; wherein they desire the Concurrence of this House.

The Amendments are as followeth;

8 Line, after the Word " fame," and before the Word " and, " put in these Words, " at Four Pounds Ten Shillings per Cent' by the Yearand after the Word " Thousand," and before the Word " Pounds," put in these Words " and Fifty," and leave out the Words " or thereabouts."

10 and 11 Lines, after the Word " nevertheless," leave out the Words " by reason of the Insufficiency of the fad Security."

11 Line, instead of the Word " Five," read " Four and after the Word " Thousand," and before the Word " Pounds," put in these Words " Nine hundred and Fifty."

14 Line, After the Word " King," and before the Word " the," leave out the Words " and by," and instead thereof, insert these Words, " with the Advice and Consent of."

24 Line, instead of the Word " Five," read " Four."

25 Line, After the Word " thousand," and before the Word " Pounds," put in these Words, " Nine hundred and Fifty."

26 Line, after the Word " fame," leave out all to the Words "and that," in the 29 Line-, and, instead thereof, insert these Words, " to be paid in such Manner as is hereafter expressed."

30 Line, instead of the Word " Five," read " Four."

31 Line, after the Word " thousand," and before the Word " Pounds," put in these Words, " Nine hundred and Fifty and after the Word " be," and before the Word " levied," leave out the Word " forthwith."

32 Line, after the Word " Exchequer," and before the Word " and, " put in these Words, " a

and after the Word " Proceedings," and before the Word " thereupon," putin these Words, " to be."

33 Line, after the Word " for," and before the Word " Debts," put in these Words, " stated, dialled, and determined and after the Word " King," and before the Word " Two," put in the Word " and."

34 Line, leave out these Words, " out of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster."

35 Line, after the Word " for," instead of " a Debt," read " such Debts."

38 Line, instead of the Word " Five," read " Four;" and after the Word " thousand," and before the Word " Pounds," insert these Words, " Nine hundred and Fifty."

43 ...» leave out these Words, " Treasurers, or one of them, or their Assigns as aforesaid and, instead thereof, put in these Words, " Chamberlain of London for the Time being, or his Assigns."

44 Line

12, Caa, II. journals of the House of Commons. ill

44 Line, after the Word " by," and before the Word " them," put in these Words, " him or."

45 Line, after the Word " Piedmont" and before the

Wdrd " and, " in the Interlining, leave out the Words " as aforesaid."

46 Line, instead of the Word " Five," read " Four and after the Word " thousand," and before the Word " Pounds," insert these Words; " Nine hundred and Fifty."

55 Line, after the Word " Equity," leave out all the Words to the End of the Bill; and* instead thereof, put in these Words, " for Relief, concerning the Premises; any thing in this present Act to the contrary notwithstanding."

The Provisoes are as follow,

" Provided also, and be it further Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That the Interest to be paid from the time of the First Lending of the aforesaid Monies, until the Twenty-fourth Day of December in this present Year of our Lord 1660, shall be after the Rate of Four Pounds and Ten Shillings per Cent'for every Hundred Pounds thereof, and so proportionably, and no more; and that the said Interest for the said Debt in Arrear, at the time aforesaid, shall be pad and satisfied on or before the said Twenty-fourth December next, to the good Liking of the Deputies of the said Protestants of Piedmont now in England, or any Two of them -, and that the said Four thousand Nine hundred and Fifty Pounds remaining of -the said Debt, with Interest for the same after the Rate of Six Pounds per Cent'for one Year, and so proportionably for-alLthe time the same shall be unpaid after the said Twenty-fourth Day of December next, mall be paid as folloWeth; that is to say. Five hundred Pounds thereof, on the Twenty-fourth June which shall be in the Year of our Lord 1661, with Interest for the said whole Sum of Four Thousand Nine hundred and Fifty Pounds, after the Rate of Six Pounds per Cent' per Annum, for Six Months then ended; and Five hundred Pounds more thereof* on the Twenty-fourth Day of December then next following, with Interest, at the Rate aforesaid, for the whole Sum then behind, for Six Months then ended; and Five hundred Pounds more thereof, the Twenty-fourth of June which shall b6 in the Year of our Lord 1662, with Interest for the whole Sum then unpaid, after the Rate aforesaid, for Six Months then ended; and Five hundred Pounds more thereof, on the Twenty-fourth of December then next ensuing, with Interest* after the same Rate, for the whole Sum then unpaid, for Six Months then ended and Five hundred Pounds mbre thereof, on the Twenty-fourth of June which shall be in the Year of our Lord 1663, with like Interest for the whole Sum then unpaid, for Six Months, then ended j and the Sum of Five hundred Pounds more thereof, on the Twenty-fourth Day of December then next following, with like Interest for the whole Sum then behind, for Six Months then ended; and the like Sum of Five hundred Pounds more thereof, on the Twenty-fourth Day of June which shall be in the Year of our Lord 1664, with Interest, after the same Rate, for the whole Sum then behind, for Six Months then ended; and the like Sum of Five hundred Pounds more thereof, on the Twenty-fourth of , then next

coming, with like Interest for the whole Sum then behind, for Six Months then ended and the like Sum of Five hundred Pounds more thereof, on the Twenty-fourth Day of June which shall be in the Year 1665, with like Interest, for the whole Sum then unpaid, for Six Months then ended , and the Sum of Four hundred and Fifty Pounds, Residue of the said whole Sum of Four thousand Nine hundred and Fifty Pounds, with Interest for the said Four hundred and Fifty Pounds, after the Rate aforesaid, on the Twenty-fourth Day of December then next ensuing, for Six Months then ended."

" Provided also, that, until Default of Payment shall be made of some of the Sums or Payments before-mentioned, no Process or Proceedings be had or taken forth of the said Court of Exchequer, for the Levying of the aforesaid remaining Debt or Debts, or Interest, or any Part

thereofbut in case, oh any of the said Days and Times herein before-mentioned, Default of Payment shall be made; and that all and every of the said Payments, on all and every the Days and Times aforesaid, shall not be lirmly holden and kept, according to the true Meaning hereof (unless the said Debt and Interest, by Agreement between the Parties concerned, or otherwise, shall be sooner paid and satisfied); then the whole remaining Debt and Interest, after the Rate of Six Pounds per ' per Annum, from the aforesaid Twenty-fourth Day of December 1660, shall be forthwith levied and paid, as is herein above-mentioned j any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding."

The said Amendments, and Two Provisoes, lent from the Lords, to the said Bill, were read the First and Second time i and, on the Question, agteed unto.

The Messengers being called in again, Mr. Speaker gave them Answer;

The House have considered of your Message; and, as to the Alterations and Amendments to the Bill for the Protestants of Piedmont, they agree with the Lords therein.

Ordered, That this House do fit this Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Lords be desired from this House, to fit in the Afternoon j in respect of the Shortnels of the Time, and the Weight of Business depending: And that the Lord Viscount Valentia do carry this Message to the Lords:

That the Lord Viscount Valentia be desired to put the Lords in mind of the Bills sent their Lordships from this House and particularly, the Bill prohibiting Exportation of Wool: The Bill for better Observation of the Lord's Day: The Bill to prevent profane Swearing: The Bill for confirming College and Hospital Leases and That for endowing Vicarages: The Bill for confirming Marriages and to desire their Lordships speedy Dispatch therein.

Ordered, That Report be made in the Afternoon, upon the Bill, sent from the Lords, concerning Grants of Honours, Offices,

A Message from the Lords, by * *.

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have here sent you a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Naturalizing of John El'quire,

eldest* Son of Sir Wm. Boreel Knight and Baronet , to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

They have also commanded us to let you know, that their Lordships agree with this House in the Bill for Naturalizing of Merchant Strangers, and the Bill for the Vicarage of Royjion.

Mr. Titus reports Amendments to the Bill for settling the Postage of Letters: Which were First read by him in his Place -, and were after read the First and Second time by the Clerk and, on the Question, were agreed unto.

A Proviso was tendered to this Bill;

Provided also, and be it Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That a Letter or Pacquet Poll shall, twice every Week, come by the way of Truro and Penrin to the Town of Market-jew, alias Marbajien, in the County of Cornwall; and once a Week to Kendall, by the Way of Lancaster , and to the Town of Penrith in Cumberland, by the Way of Newcastle and Carlisle -, and to the City of Lincolne, and Borough of Grimsby, in the County of Lincolne; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding:

Which was read the First and Second time; and on the Question, agreed* and ordered to be Part of the Bill.

Another Proviso was tendered -, " That this Act, or any thing therein contained, shall not extend or be construed to make good or confirm any Letters Patents, Grant, or Agreement, heretofore made by the King's Majesty, to or with any Person or Persons whatsoever, of or concerning the said Office of Poll-Master, or Carriage of Letters

Letters by Post; but that the King's Majesty shall and may grant and dispose of the said Office, Fees, and Profits thereof, as lie shall think fit; any such Letters Patents, Grant, Contract, or Agreement, to the contrary in any wise, notwithstanding."

And the Question being put, that this Proviso be read the Second time *,

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Colonel Birch do report the State of publick Debts To-morrew Morning, at Ten of the Clock.

Another Proviso was tendered to the Bill; viz.

" Provided also, and be it Enabled, by the Authority aforesaid, That such Post-Master General to be from time to time appointed by his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as aforesaid, shall continue constant Posts for Carriage of Letters to all Places, though they lie out of the Poll Roads, as hath been used for the Space of Three Years lad past, at the Rates herein before-mentioned, under Pain of Forfeitures, for every Omission, Five Pounds , to be recovered by Addon, Suit, or Plaint, in any his Majesty's Courts of Record; the one Moiety to the Use of his Majesty, the other Moiety to the Use of the Informer."

Resolved, That this Proviso, be read the Second time. And it was read accordingly; and was, on the Question, agreed unto; and ordered to be Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That in the Proviso among the Amendments, concerning the Officers of the Poll-Office taking the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, these Words be added;

viz." Before any Two Justices of Peace, of the respective Counties, wherein such Person or Persons are or shall be resident; which said Justices are hereby authorized to administer the said Oaths accordingly."

Another Proviso was tendered to this Bill; viz.

" Provided also, and it is hereby Enabled, That all the Letters, which at any time hereafter shall be sent by or unto any of the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, chosen and continuing to be Members of the Parliament of England shall be freely, and without any Charge unto

them, safely carried and conveyed by every Letter Poll established by this Act, according to the Directions of - the said Letter; any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding

Which was read the First and Second time, with the Addition of these Words, in the 4th Line, " and fitting the Parliament and was, on the Question, agreed to be Part of the Bill.

The House was divided:

And the Yeas went forth.

Sir Solomon Swayle, 5 Tellers for the Yeas: 1 Sir Capell Luckin, I With the Yeas, 5 94*

Mr. Prynn, t Tellers for the Noes: 1

Mr . Puller, I With the Noes, J 35-And lb the Question pasting in the Affirmative; it was

Resolved, That the Bill, sent from the Lords, for restoring Henry Lord Arundell of to the Possession

of his Estate, be read the Third time.

The lad Bill was accordingly read the Third time; and, on the Question, passed.

Resolved, That this Bill be returned back to the Lords: And Sir Geo. Downing is to carry it to the Lords.

Resolved, That the ingrossed Bill, for restraining the planting of English Tobacco in , or the Dominions

thereof, be now read the Third time.

And it was accordingly read the Third time; and, on the Question, passed.

Resolved, That the Title of this Act be. An Act for prohibiting the Planting, Setting, or Sowing of Tobacco in England and Ireland.

Resolved, That this Bill be carried to the Lords: And Sir George Downing is to carry it to the Lords.

Sir ‘Thomas Meeres reports, from the Committee to whom the Business of the Hospitals of the Savoy and Ely House is referred, as followeth;

/ a*

That Mr. Wm. Ashby, Treasurer for the N Hospitals of Ely House and the Savoy, I hath received, out of the Assessments of I qo ___ Seventy thousand Pounds per , by [ " —

Order of Parliament dated 26 May 1660, 1

the Sum of .....- — — /

That the said Mr. Ashby hath received!

of the Commissioners of Excise, by Order/ __________

of Parliament bearing Date 13 September

That the Goods in Ely House, belonging to the Publick, were sold by the Com- > 126 — —

missioners for ----- -- — t- ----- ----- J

That the Goods in the Sav, which of Right belonged to the Publick, (besides

those due and belonging to the said Ho- ___

spitals) are fold, or appraised to be worth 35 35 /; which Money is to be received by the aforesaid Mr. Ashby — 1 — ..... ..... — ,

The Lord Viscount Valentia brings Answer from the Lords , The Lords have agreed to fit this Afternoon: And, as to the Bills remaining with the Lords, of which he was to mind the Lords, the Lords say, they will make what Dispatch they can of them.

Resolved, That such of the Persons, who have contributed their Pains in Improvement of die Revenue of the Post-Office, as the Committee, to whom this Bill was referred, shall think fit to be taken into Consideration, be recommended to the King's Majesty, for Consideration to be had of their Pains taken therein, accordingly.

Ordered, That no Committee do fit between the Rising of this House, and the Sitting thereof this Afternoon.

The House adjourns itself till Three of the Clock this Afternoon.

Monday, 17 December, 1660, poji

THE Question being put, that the Bill, lent from the Lords, for restoring Henry Lord Arundell of Wardor to the Possession of his Estate, shall be read the . Third time -,

6161 ——

That there were One hundred and Forty-\ maimed Soldiers, Patients under Cure, in Ely House and the Savoy the 13 September 1660, when the last Order of Parliament was made for their Discharge; to whom there is paid the Sum of 315 /. 6 s. for their Arrears of Pay in the last Quarter, and for Coals and Candles; and of them remains only Four, and those are in the Savoy, and have likewise been discharged, and have received Letters of Recommendation to their respective Counties; but, being Bed-rid, are not at present able

to travel thither ——

That there were One thousand Seven 'j hundred Eighty-two Widows and Orphans Pensioners at the Time aforesaid, whereof One thousand Four hundred Fifty-eight are paid Twelve Weeks Pay apiece, according to their several Allowances; and discharged into their respective Counties, with recommendatory Letters — — /

3*5 6 —

2028 H — i

a

That

That there were Two thousand Two^ hundred Forty-nine maimed Soldiers, Pen-lioners, belonging to, but not residing within the Hospitals aforesaid, on the 13 September 1660; whereof One thousand Six hundred Seventy-three are paid, and discharged into their respective Counties, with Letters of Recommendation, and Twelve Weeks Pay apiece, according to

their several Allowances ——

That there is paid, to discharge thel Nurses, and some of the necessary Officers / of the said Hospitals, and to satisfy other ( incident Charges, the Sum of — —

I. s

)2 879 5 4

580 17 —

The Sum total paid is 5803 16 4

Remaning in Calli — 357 3 8

That the whole Number of Pensioners were Four thousand Thirty-one; whereof Three thousand One hundred Thirty-one are paid, as aforesaid; and Nine hundred are unpaid, who are in the Country.

That the said Pensioners were discharged to the 13 of September 1660 lb that for these Twelve Weeks last past the increasing Charge (which, according to the former Allowance, would have come to about Seven thousand Two hundred Pounds) is saved to the Publick.

/. s. d.

Officers Salaries, still owing, come to 462 8 8

The Debts of both Hospitals, for all!

Sorts of Medicaments, Firing, and other/ Accommodations, for many Months last f1 *3 5 9

past, come to ..... — — — — ----- ----- --j

Sum Total, of Debts to the Hospitals 1598 ! 4 5

That, by Computadon, the Nine hun- ' dred Pensioners in the Country, unpaid, ] wiU require Nine hundred Pounds to satisfy . them Twelve Weeks Pay apiece, according to their respective Allowances —

900 — —

2498 14 5

A printed Pass, signed by the said Committee, directed to the Justices of Peace of the rdpeltive Counties, recommending it to them to take care of providing for them according to Law, was read.

He also reports the Draught of an Order, prepared by the said Committee; and presented to the House for their Consideration: Which was read.

Resolved, That, in the said Order, these Words be inferred, viz. " according to the Statute of maimed Soldiers, and that of 43 of Queen Elizabeth, concerning the Overseers of the Poor."

And so the said Order was, upon the Question, agreed: Which, with the said Addition, is as followeth:

" Whereas the maimed Soldiers and Pensioners, belonging to Ely House, and the Savoy, formerly a great Charge 00 the Nation, are, by Order of Parliament, discharged, and sent with Recommendations into their respedhre Counties and Places where they did last reside, but are not accordingly received or relieved by the respective Justices of the Peace: It is therefore Ordered by the Commons, in Parliament assembled, That all and every the Justices of the Peace, in all Counties, Corporations, and Places, within his Majesty's Dominions, do take speedy Care, and make Provision, according to the Statute for maimed Soldiers, and that of 43 of Queen concerning Overseers for the Poor, for the Relief and Livelihood of such Pensioners, maimed Soldiers, Widows, and Orphans, as come unto them with such Recommendations, signed with the Hands of Thomas Lord Sir Gilbert Gerard, Sir Anth. , Sir Wm. Wheeler, Sir Jo. Robinson, Sir Fran. GerardSir Tho. , Sir The.

Clergys, John Birch, William Edward,

Gilbert Gerard, Richard Knigh, and Michael,

Esquires, or any Three of them, being Members of the Committee of Parliament, appointed to discharge the said Pensioners: And that this Order be forthwith printed: And that the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, do convey the same unto the respective Places for which they serve in Parliament; reminding the said Justices of the Necessity of this good Work; and of die Laws made concerning the same.

Resolved, That it be referred to Sir Thomas Clergys, Mr. Mallet, Mr. Pedley, and Mr. , to prepare

and bring in a short Bill, for charging the Country with providing for the Soldiers who have been wounded in the late Civil Wars ii) this Kingdom, as well as those mentioned in the former Statutes concerning maimed Soldiers; and to report the same to the House with all convenient Speed.

Resolved, That Candles be forthwith brought in.

The Question being put, that the Bill, lent from the Lords, for the more speedy and ready Way for tanning and dressing of all Sorts of Leather,

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the ingrafted Bill, for Supply of the Defelts of the Poll- Bill, be now read the Third time.

And it was accordingly read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Debate upon this Bill be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

That it be referred to Mr. , Serjeant

tont Colonel King, Serjeant Glynn, Mr. Shaw, Mr. cawen, Sir Wm. Wheeler, Mr. , Mr. Pedley, Sir

William Lewes, Lord Viscount Mr.

Mr. Goodricke, Sir Edw. TurneMr. Bodarda, or any Three of them, to prepare a Clause upon the present Debate; and report the same Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Tong reports, that he had delivered to the Lords the Order concerning Mr. Windham 5 and that their Lordships gave Answer, that they chearfully concur therein.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Brampfton and *, Tvo Matters of Chancery *,

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have lent you this Bilk intituled, An Act for restoring Sir Thomas Crymes Baronet to his Ellate: To which they do desire the Concurrence of this House.

The said Bill was read the First time; and ordered to be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

The Lord Viscount Valentia reports, from the Committee, Amendments to the Bill, sent from the Lords, concerning Grants of Offices and Honours: Which he read in his Place; and were afterwards read at the Table the First and Second time by the Clerk.

Resolved, That the Debate upon this Bill be adjourned.

Tuesday, xviii Dec, 1.660.

Prayers.

THE humble Petition of Lancelot Provost-

Marshal of Middlesex and , on Behalf

of himself and Officers, was read.

Ordered, That it be referred to Henry Cholmeley, Mr. Knight, Sir William Lewes, Sir Richard Onslow, Lord Viscount Valentia, Sir Solomon Swayle, Sir William Doyly, Sir John Northcott, Mr. Crowch, Mr. Lowther, or any Three of them, to consider of the said Petition; and of the Pains taken by the Chaplain, that hath prayed daily with this House ever since the Beginning of the Parliament; and of the Services of the Clerks, and other Officers, attending this House, and those ailing under them j as also, of the Printers and Stationers Bills j and what Allowances will be fit to be made to them.respectively} and to report their Opinion to the House.

H h h The

4

214

The humble Petition of John of

in the Kingdom of Ireland \ Esquire, was this Day read.

That it be referred to the Committee, to whom the Business of publick Debts is referred, to consider of this Petition, and inform themselves of the Petitioner's Demands; and to examine and state the same; and report the same to the House.

Resolved, That the Petitions of Sir Andrew Dicke and Mrs. English be referred to the Committee for publick Debts, to examine the same of the Petitioners; and tO report the State of the Debt demanded, to this House, with their Opinion: And the said Committee are to meet this Afternoon.

An ingrossed Bill, for confirming the Sale of the Manor of Hitcham, sold to Charles Doe by Sir John Clark

Knight, and for disposing and settling die Estate of Sir John Clarke, was this Day read the Third time; and, on

the Question, passed.

That the Tide of this Bill be. An Act for confirming the Sale of the Manor of Hitcham, sold to Charles Doe by Sir John Clarke, Knight and Baronet, and for settling and disposing other the Lands of the said Sir John Clarke, and Dame Philadelphia his Wife.

This to be sent to the Lords for their Concurrence 2 And the Lord Angier is to carry it to the Lords.

That Report be made in the Afternoon of the same of Mrs. Seymour.

A Letter from his Majesty, directed " To Our Trusty and Well-beloved Sir Harbottle Grimston Baronet, Speaker of Our House of Commons," dated 15 December instant, On Behalf of Sir John Lawson, Vice-Admiral, was this Day read.

A Letter from his Highness the Duke of YoYke, directed to Mr. Speaker, dated 14 December 1660, on Behalf of the said Vice-Admiral, was this Day read.

A Letter from the Duke of Albemarle to Mr. Speaker, in Behalf of Vice-Admiral L, dated 18 December 1660, was this Day read.

The humble Petition of Sir John Lawson Knight, Vice-Admiral of his Majesty's Fleet at Sea, was this Day read.

Resolved, That the Members of this House, who are of his Majesty's Privy Council, be desired to attend his Majesty, and inform him, that, after the Return of the secluded Members to the Exercise of their Trust, there was no Vote or Engagement passed by them for settling of any Land on Sir John Lawson, Vice-Admiral of his Majesty's Fleet; and that therefore this House have not made any Proceedings therein: And the Care hereof is specially recommended to the Lord Viscount and Mr. Hollis.

Mr. Pryn reports, from the Committee, a Clause to be added to the additional Bill for Poll-Money: Which was read the First and Second time; being as followeth:

" Provided always, and be it Enacted, That every Peer of this Realm, whose real and personal Estate, according to the Rates before-mentioned, exceeds the Sum which he ought to pay for his Dignity, and hath not been already assessed, and paid in the Proportion of Monies answerable to his Estate, shall be assessed, according to the Value of his real and personal Estate, by the Commissioners appointed by this Act, and in the original Act, made this Parliament, for the Provision of Money for the disbanding and paying off the Forces of this Kingdom, both by Land and Sea, appointed for the respective Counties, Cities, and Towns, therein mentioned; any Clause in the said original Act to the contrary notwithstanding."

Resolved That these Words, " by the Commissioners," be inferred in the 6th Line of the said Proviso.

And the Proviso, being so amended, was agreed; and ordered to be Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That Skin 1, Line 51, betwixt the Word " Person," and the Word " that," these Words be inserted, " whether Peers or Commoners."

Resolved, That Mr. Yho. Manley be added to the Commissioners for Poll-Money, in the County of Essex.

Resolved, That all the Aldermen in the City of Ycrke be added to the Commissioners for the Poll- Bill in that City.

Resolved, That these Words be inserted, next after the Word " afterviz."the 20 1660," Folio *, Line *."

ResolvedfYhex, after the Word " Person," these Words be added, " other than the Peers of this Realm," in the 2d Skin, Line 25.

And the said Bill, lo amended, being put to the Que-ilion, passed; and ordered to be carried to the L/)rds;

Resolved, That the Tide of this Act be, An Act for further Supply and Explaining certain Defects in an Act, intituled, An Act for the speedy Provision of Money for disbanding and paying off the Forces of this Kingdom, both by Land and Sea.

Ordered, That the Lord Viftount Valentia do carry this Bill to the Lords; and desire their Lordships will please to fit this Afternoon; and also, put their Lordships in mind of the Bill sent from this House, not yet passed.

Resolved, That Colonel Birch do now make the Report in his Hands, touching publick Debts.

Colonel Birch reports a State of the publick Debts; with the Opinion of the said Committee, touching the Debts, concerning Monies owing to the Port-Towns for Quartering of sick and maimed Soldiers: Which was read *.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the Auditors, who shall, upon their Oaths, be appointed to examine and state the Debts due to his Majesty's Navy, do examine and state the Debts now-clamed as due to the Port-Towns, for Quartering of sick. and maimed Soldiers and Seamen, put on Shore from Donkerke, and divers of his Majesty's Ships, amouriting to Six thousand Seven hundred Fifty-six Pounds Fifteeri Shillings and Five-pence; and that what Part thereof shall appear due to those Ports, being so examined, be satisfied and paid out of the Six Months Assessments, next after the growing Charge for Wages is paid to his Majesty's Navy and Army.

Colonel Birch also reports the gross Sum of the Debts due to the Navy for Wages to Mariners and Seamen, and for Provisions and Stores; and also Debts, which Hand charged upon his Majesty's Exchequer; and the Debts which Hand charged upon the Excise.

Ordered, That the House do take this Report, and the several Parts thereof, into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That the Sum of One thousand Four hundred Pounds be paid and satisfied, in foil Discharge of all Demands, for the wounded and maimed Soldiers and Widows in Ely House, and the Savoy: And that the same be charged upon the Arrears of the Excise, and paid in Course: And the Commissioners of Excise be and are hereby authorized and required to pay the same.

Ordered, That it be referred to Colonel Birch, Colonel King, and Mr. Pryrtn, to peruse the Acts for the Excise; and, if they find any Defects therein, whereby the Arrears of that Duty cannot be brought in, then, that they bring in a Bill Tomorrow Morning, for Supply of the said Defects; and to impower the bringing in of the said Arrears.

And Colonel Birch and Colonel King are desired to take care herein.

Sir Henagt Finch reports, from the Grand Committee, Amendments to the Bill for an Assessment of Seventy thousand Pounds per Menfem, for Six Months:

1

This Report, being entered in the original Journal, at the End of the Proceedings of the 29th Day of December, and there referred to, cannot be inserted here, without a necessary Variation in the Introduction to that Entry.

Which

ic

Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence and were read the First time by the Clerk.

The Lord Viscount Valentreports, that he had delivered to the Lords the Bill fconcerning the Poll-Money and desired the Lords to dispatch the Bills whereof they were minded Yesterday and that they would please to fit this Afternoon.

Resolved, That, at the first Sitting of the House this Afternoon, the Report about the Six Months Assessments be proceeded with; and, after that, the ingrafted Bill for the Post-Office and the Bill concerning Wine-Licences.

Tins House adjourns to Two of the Clock this Afternoon-.

Tuesday, xviii"1 December, 1666,

post Merid.

COlonel King reports the State of the same of Mrs. Dorothy Seymour, as followeth; viz.

At the Committee, to whom Mrs. s Petition

was referred;

August 13, 1666. feir Job Hatty and Sir John Jac'ob appeared, and conferred, that, in 1640, they received Five thousand Pounds in Gold from the Lord of Norri, being Mrs. Seymour's Money for which they, 4nd the rest of the Farmers of the Customs, were engaged unto her: That, in 1644* Mr. Stroade discovered it to the Parliament* and it was sequestered in their Hands: That, Sir Paul , Sir Job Harvy, Sir Jo. Jacoby Sir John Nulls, paid Seven hundred Fourteen Pounds Five Shillings Nine-pence apiece.

Au o ust 28, 1660;

The laid Committee find, that Sir John Harrison paid Seven hundred Fourteen Pounds Five Shillings and Nine-pence; and that Sir Nicholas and Sir Abraham Dawes did hot pay in their Share* being One thousand Four hundred Twenty-eight Pounds Eleveh Shillings and Six-pence; and that there is dlie unto Mrs. , by

the Publick, bang received of Sir Paul Pinder, and others, the Sum of Three thousand Five hundred and Seventy-one Pounds.

ReJblved, by the said Committee, That the Sum of Three thousand Five hundred and Seventy-one Pounds be charged upon the Excise.

Ordered, by the and Commonsj assembled in Parliament, That the Sum of Three thousand Five huh-dred dnd Seventy-one Pounds* due to Mrs. Dorothy Seymour, be and is hereby charged upon the Arrears of Ex-cife, and paid to the said Mrs. Seymour, or her Assigns, in Course, after the Sums shall bfe satisfied, which are charged on the Grand Excise by former Orders of this Parliament i And the Commissioners of Excise are hereby authorized and required to make Payment thereof to the said Dorothy Seymour, or her Assigns, accordingly: And this Order, together with the Acquittance or Acquittances of the said Dorothy Seymour, testifying the Receipt thereof, shall be, to the said Commissioners of Excise, a sufficient Warrant and Discharge.

Ordered, That the Lords Concurrence be desired herein: And Mr. Jonathan Trelawney is to carry it to the Lords.

A Bill for Encouragement of the Fishery of this Kingdom was this Day read the Second time , and, on the Que-ftion, committed to Mx.Tytus, Mr. Mr. Prynn,

Mr. Geo. Montague, Sir JValt.Erie, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Lowther.

Sir Fran. Gerard, Sir Horatio Sir Hickman,

Mr. JValpoole, Sir JVm. Vincent, Mr. St. Aubirt, Mr. Tong,

Colonel Birch, Mr. Bulkley, Sir Allen Mr.

Knightly, Sir Geo. Downing, Mr. Trelawney. Colonel West, Sir Geo. Booth, Sir Lancelot Lake, Colonel Gerard, Sir

John Cloberry, Lord Richardson, Mr. Sprey, Lord Howard, Mr. Jolliffe, Sir William Doyly, Mr. Mr. Mol-

leneux, and all the Gentlemen that serve for any of the Sea-Ports: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And are to meet this Day, after the Rising of the House, in the Speaker's Chamber. And Sir George Downing is to take care hereof.

A Bill, sent from the Lords, for the more speedy and better Way for Tanning and Dressing of all Sorts of Leather, was this Day read the First time.

The Question being put* that this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow in the Afternoon

The House was divided:

Mr. Howard, t Tellers for the Yeas: 1 82;

Mr. Hide, I With the Yeas, f

Colonel Kingi, Mr. Pedley, t Tellers for the Noes: 7 t With the Noes, J 89.

And fb the Question passed in the Negative;

Resolved, That this House do now rife, and meet again Tomorrow, at Eight of the Clock in the Morning.

This House adjourns itself till Tomorrow at Eight of the Clock in the Morning.

Wednesday, xixth D1660.

Pray e r s.

THE humble Petition of Sir Edward Majfey Knight was this Day read.

Resolved, by the and Commons, in Parliament assembled. That* in Consideration of the eminent and faithful Services performed by Sir Edward Majfey, as well to his late Majesty, as to the King's Majesty that now is, and of the great Debt owing to him, and his Charges, abroad* during his Expulsion from this Kingdom for his Faithfulness to his Trust the Sum of Three thousand Pounds be and hereby stands charged on the Arrears of the Grand Excise, and paid out of the same to him, dr his Assigns* in Course, after the other Sums shall be satisfied, which are charged on the Grand Excise, by former Orders of this Parliament: And the Commissioners of Excise, for the Time being, are hereby impowered and required to satisfy and pay the same accordingly: And this Order, together with the Acquittance of the said Sir Edward Majfey, or his Assigns, testifying his Receipt thereof, shall be, to the said Commissioners, a sufficient Warrant and Discharge.

Resolved, by the and Commons, in Parliament assembled. That* in Consideration of the eminent and faithful Services performed by Captain Sylas Titus to his Majesty and the Kingdom, the Debt owing him, and his Charges abroad, when he was banished this Kingdom for his Adherence to his Trust, the Sum of Three thousand Pounds be and hereby stands charged on the Arrears of the Grand Excise* and paid out of the same to him, or his Assigns, in Course, after the other Sums shall be satisfied, which are charged on the Grand Excise, by former Orders of this Parliament: And the Commissioners of the Excise, for the Time being, are hereby impowered and required to satisfy the same accordingly: And this Order, together with the Acquittance of the said Captain or his Assigns, testifying the Receipt thereof, shall be to the said Commissioners of Excise, a sufficient Warrant and Discharge.

Ordered, That the Lords Concurrence be desired in both these Orders: And Mr. Trelawny is to Carry them to the Lords.

The Question being propounded* that, as a Mark of Respect to Mrs. Lane, and in Testimony of the high Resentment and Value of her Service, in being so fig-, nally instrumental to the Preservation and Security of the Person of his Royal Majesty, there be conferred upon the said Mrs. Lane the Sum of One Thousand

Pounds,

2

216 Journals of the House of Commons. 1660.

Pounds, to buy her a Jewel; and that the same be and hereby Hands charged on the Arrears of the Grand Excise, and paid to her, or her Assigns, inCourse, after the other Sums shall be satisfied, which are charged on the Grand Excise by former Orders of this Parliament: And the Commissioners of the Excise, for the Time being, are hereby impowered, and required to satisfy and pay the same accordingly: And this Order, together with the Acquittance of the said Mrs. Lane, or her Assigns, shall be, to the said Commissioners, a sufficient Warrant and Discharge:

And the Question being put, that this Question be now put *,

It passed in the Affirmative:

And the main Question being put;

Resolved, That, as a Mark of Relpecl to Mrs. Lane, and in Testimony of the high Resentment and Value of her Service, in being so signally instrumental to the Preservation and Security of the Person of his Royal Majesty, there be conferred upon the said Mrs. Lane the Sum of One thousand Pounds, to buy her a Jewel; and that the same be and hereby Hands charged on the Arrears of the Grand Excise; and paid to her or her Assigns, in Course, after the other Sums shall be satisfied, which are charged on the Grand Excise, by former Orders of this Parliament: And the Commissioners of the Excise, for the Time being, are hereby impowered and required, to satisfy and pay the same accordingly: And this Order, together with the Acquittance of the said Mrs. or her Assigns,

testifying the Receipt thereof, shall be to the Commissioners of Excise, a sufficient Warrant and Discharge.

The Lords Concurrence is desired herein: And Sir Clement Throgmorton is to carry it to the Lords.

Ordered, That the Lords Concurrence be desired to the Order of Yesterday, concerning the One thousand Four hundred Pounds, for the Hospitals of the Savoy and Ely House.

A Message from the Lords, by Nlc.Hubartand *; The Lords have returned the Bill for Confirmation of Leases, from Colleges and Hospitals, with Ibme Alterations and Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Refolded, That the Messengers be forthwith called in again.

The Messengers being called in again, Mr. Speaker gave them this Answer;

The House have considered of your Message; and will return Answer by Messengers of their own.

Resolved, That this House do take the said Alterations and Amendments into Consideration, the first Business in the Afternoon.

The House resumed the Consideration of the Report of Amendments to the Bill for Six Months Assessments: Which Amendments were read the Second time; and the Roles, Orders, and Instructions, for the discharging and paying off the Navy, and other Debts relating the reunto, (being annexed to the said Amendments) were read the First and Second time; and afterwards, the said Rules, Orders, and Instructions:

And the First Instruction being read, was, on the Question, agreed.

Resolved, That this Clause following; viz. " And if any further Arrears shall be claimed, and appear to be due to any such Commanders, Officers, or Mariners, in Service as aforesaid, for Service at Sea, from or after the Fourteenth of March 1657, and to or before the Fourteenth of March 1658; that, in such Case, the Auditors hereby appointed shall examine all such Arrears, and draw up a State thereof, to be presented to the next Parliament, in order to their Satisfaction," be infcrtedas an additional Clause, to the said Second Instruction.

That this Debate be adjourned till the Afternoon.

This House adjourns to Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Wednesday, xixth , 1660,

post Meri.

MR. Trelawny reports, that he carried to the Lords the several Orders of this House, concerning Mrs. Seymout, Sir Edw. Majfey, and Mr. Tytus; and that the Lords gave Answer, that they agreed thereto.

An ingrafted Bill, lent from the Lords, for restoring Sir Thomas Crimes Baronet to his Ellate, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, That this Bill be now read the Third time. And it was accordingly read the Third time; and, on the Question, passed.

Ordered, That the Lord Herbert do carry this Bill back to the Lords.

Ordered, That the Bill for Naturalizing Mr. Waughter, sent from the Lords, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House do proceed Tomorrow Morning upon the Report on the Bill for Six Months Assessments, and the Instructions relating the reunto.

Ordered, That, next after the Report on the Bill for Six Months Assessments is dispatched, the Bill for Wine Licences be read the Second time.

Ordered, That, next after the Bill for Wine Licences, Consideration be had of the Amendments and Provisoes, sent from the Lords, to the Bill for confirming College and Hospital Leases.

Thursday, xxth ‘D, 1660,

Prayers.

A Bill lent from the Lords, for the Naturalizing of Abraham Wacbter, born beyond the Seas, was this Day read the First and Second time.

Resolved, That this Bill be now read the Third time. And it was read the Third time accordingly; and, on the Question, passed.

Ordered, That Mr. Knightly do carry this Bill to the Lords.

A Bill, sent from the Lords, for the Naturalizing of John Boreele Esquire, eldest Son of Sir Wm.

Knight and Baronet, was this Day read the First and Second time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read the Third time in the Afternoon, the First Business.

4

Mr. Hollis presents a Petition, directed "To the KingV Most Excellent Majesty," which he had Command from his Majesty to recommend to die House: Which was read, and was intituled, " The humble Petition of divers Persons, on the Behalf of themselves, who have filtered, and of others, whose Relations do now suffer, mi-ferable Bondage, and cruel Slavery, under the Turks."

A Report from the Committee, for Redemption of Captives, 30 November 1660, was read , viz.

Ordered, That Mr. Prynn do report to the House, as the Votes of this Committee,

That all the respective Sums of Money, paid to thq Treasurer of the Navy, from the Year of our Lord 1651, till November 1659, taken out of the Duty for Redemption of Captives, under the Turkes and Moors, to defray the Debts of the Navy, shall be allowed, and repaid, towards the Satisfaction and Redemption of the Petitioners, in Behalf of the Captives, in such Manner 3s the House shall appoint.

The

12 Car. II. Journals of the House of Commons.

217

4

158186 13 4|

The Total Sum from the Thirteenth"

January 1651, till the Twenty-first October 1659, taken out of the Captives

Money, is 69296/. 4 s.3 d. whereof

11109 /. 10 s. 10 -d. was paid into the

Exchequer; the rest is ——

The Monies demanded, as due to the Petitioners upon both Lifts, amounts un- I to 38000 /. or thereabouts, as will appear >38000 00 00 by the Lifts; besides others not yet cer- 1

lifted ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- - J

Ordered, That the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds be charged upon the Arrears due from the late Commissioners for Prize Goods, upon their Accompt for Prize Goods; the same to be employed for Redemption of Persons, now in Captivity under the T urks, who were taken in English Ships, since 1642; and for Relief of such others, taken as aforesaid, and since redeemed on private Accounts, where there shall, in Charity and Justice, appear Cause: That a Bill be brought in for that Purpose; as also for getting in the Arrears due for Impropriations, lately veiled in Sir John 'Thorowgood, and other Trustees: And Mr. Pryn, Mr. Barton, and Colonel King, are to prepare and bring in a Bill for that Purpose: And that a Clause be inserted, for getting in the Monies collected for Relief of the Protestants of Polonia, and not paid in to the Treasurers; to the Intent it may be employed to the Uses, for which it was originally intended: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, Books, Accompts, and what else they shall find necessary, for their better Information in the Premises.

The House proceeded in the Rules and Instructions, for the discharging and paying off the Navy.

The Third Instruction was read:

Resolved, That in the 4th Line, after the Word " Pay," these Words, " since the Fourteenth of March 1658," be inserted into this Instruction.

And the said Instruction, being lb amended, was, on the Question, agreed.

The Fourth Instruction was read and, on the Question, agreed.

The Fifth Instruction was read } and, on the Question, agreed.

The Sixth Instruction was read:

Resolved, That the Time be limittedto the Fourteenth March 1658.

And the Instruction, so amended, was agreed.

The Seventh Instruction was read; and, with the Addition of these Words, in the laftLine, after the Word " discharged," viz. " and the Debts, for Cure of the Sick and Wounded," was, on the Question, agreed.

The Eighth Instruction was read:

The humble Petition of many Merchants, Tradesmen, and Artificers, in and about the City of , and other

Places within his Majesty's Realm of ,was read;

' and laid aside.

And so the Eighth Instruction was, on the Question, agreed.

The Ninth Instruction was read:

Resolved, That the Auditors, named and appointed by the Act for Disbanding the Army, be the Auditors for performing of the Service enjoined the Auditors by this Act; and that their Names be accordingly inserted into this Article.

And the Instruction so perfected, was, on the Question, agreed.

The Tenth Instruction was read j and, on the Question, agreed.

The Eleventh Instruction was read; and, on the Question, agreed.

The Twelfth Instruction was read:

Resolved, That the Blank for the Time of Imprisonment be filled up with these Words, " Six Months j" and that

these Words, " and, in such Case, the Commissioners appointed by this Act, or any Two of them, are hereby impowered to commit them to Prison accordingly," be inserted.

And the Instruction, so amended, was, on the Question, agreed.

The Thirteenth Instruction was read; and, on the Question, agreed.

The Fourteenth Instruction was read; and, on the Question, agreed unto.

The Fifteenth Instruction waS read:

Resolved, That the Allowance to the Auditors, employed in this Service, shall be Twenty Shillings per Diem, to each of them, during the Continuance of the said Service; and that the Blank in this Instruction be filled up accordingly.

And so that Instruction was, on the Question, agreed.

The Sixteenth and last Instruction was read; and, on the Question, agreed unto.

An additional Instruction was tendered and read; and is as followeth;

That the Commissioners herein named, or any Three of them, shall and hereby are authorized, to call to Account the present Treasurers in this Act named, and James Nelthrop, and John , Esquires, late

Treasurers at Wars, or any other former Treasurers or Commissioners of the Army or Navy, for all such Sums of Money, as they or any of them Hand accountable for j and to certify the same Accounts into his Majesty's Exchequer.

Ordered, That the additional Names to the last: Poll- Bill, and such other Names as shall be delivered in to the Clerk, by any the Members of this House this Morning, be inserted into this Bill, as additional to the former Commissioners for the Assessments.

The Amendments to the Bill for Six Months Assessments were this Day, upon the Question, agreed unto.

Resolved, That this Bill, with the Amendments, instructions, and additional Commissioners, be ingrossed.

Sir Solomon Swayle reports, that he had attended the Lords with the Order for charging the Excise with Two thousand Two hundred Pounds, for Bills drawn by Six Robert Honywood-, and of Five hundred Twenty-eight Pounds for Colonel Streater, and Mr. , Printers:

And that the Lords gave Answer, that they concurred with the first; and, to the latter, would fend Answer by Messengers of their own.

A Bill for erecting and settling a general Letter-Office by the King's Majesty was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, That these Words, " as in the said Of-

fice formerly hath been in Use," be omitted in the 4th' Sheet, Line 12th, next after the the Word " Letters."

A Proviso was tendered to this Bill; That this Act,' or any thing therein contained, shall not extend, or be construed, to prejudice the Liberties, Rights, and Privileges, of either of the Universities of this Land > but that the said Universities respectively may use and enjoy their former Liberties, Rights, and Privileges, of using Carriers to carry and re-carry Letters, to and from the said Universities respectively, as formerly they did; and as if this Act had not been made j any thing therein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding: Which was this Day read the First and Second time} and withdrawn.

Another Proviso was tendered to this Act *, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed, to prejudice or impeach the antient Rights and Privileges of the Cinque Ports, and their Members; but that, as formerly, they shall hold and enjoy the feme Privilege of fending their own Polls to and from London with Letters; any thing in this present Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding:

I i i And

2.i8 Journals of the House of Commons. A. 1666.

And the Question being put, that this Proviso be read the Second time j

It passed with the Negative.

Another Proviso was tendered to this Bill; That all Inland Letters, sent by any Pacquet-Post established by this Act, as aforesaid, do and shall pay the Rates and Prizes before-mentioned at such Stage where they are last delivered only, unless the Party that delivers the Letters desireth to pay elsewhere* any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding: Which was this Day read the First, Second, and Third time , and, upon the Question, passed.

Another Proviso was tendered to this Bill; That all Letters, or other Things, may be sent or conveyed, to or from the Two Universities of Oxford or in

manner as heretofore hath been used; any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: Which was this Day read the First time:

Resolved, That the Proviso do go generally the Two Universities.

The said Proviso, so amended, was read the Second time i and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

Another Proviso was tendered to this Bill; That this Act, or any thing therein contained, shall not extend to take away the Profit and Benefit belonging to the Barges of Windsor and Maidenheads in the County of and all other Places, for the Carriages of Letters and Pacquets; but that they shall carry the fame, as formerly they might have done; and as if this Act had not been made: Which was read the First time , and laid aside.

And the said Bill, being so amended, being put to the Question, passed.

Ordered, That this Bill be sent to the Lords for their Concurrence: And Mr. Tytus do carry this Bill to the Lords:

That this be the Title of the Bill, An Act for erecting and establishing a Post-Office.

That this House do fit this Afternoon.

This House adjourns till Two of the Clock.

*Thursday, xxth D, 1660, poji Meridiem.

THE Bill, ingrafted, sent from the Lords, for the Naturalizing of John Boreel Esquire, Son of Sir William Boreel Knight and Baronet, was this Day read the Third time; and, on the Question, passed.

Ordered, That Sir Geo. Bowing do carry this Bill to the Lords.

The House took Consideration of the Amendments and Provisoes, lent from the Lords, to the Bill for Confirming of Leases from Colleges and Hospitals: Which were read the First and Second time; and were afterwards read by Parts: And the said Amendments, being severally put to the Question, were, successively one after another, agreed unto: They being as followeth;

3 Skin, 6 Line, leave out the Word " deceased."

9 line, after the Word "appear," leave out all to the Word " and, " in the 12 Line.

12 Line, after the Word " and, " and before the Word c< leased," put out the Word " afterward," and insert the Words " are now."

13 Line, after the Word "Two," and before the Word " West," leave out the Words " the said," and insert the Words " one Johnand after the Word " West," leave out the Words " then and before unjustly in Possession "

15 Line, After the Words " that the," insert these Words, said John Lord Culpepper his,"

16 Line, after the Word " Administrators," leave out " of the said Lord Culpepper lately deceased."

18 Line, after the Word " they," and before the Word " be," leave out the Word " may," and put in the Word " shall."

19 Line, after the Word " Fine," and before the Word " Provided," in the 20 Line, leave out these Words* " any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding."

24 Line, after the Word " Clerk," and before the Word "certain," in the 25 Line, leave out the Words " and others-," and, instead thereof, insert " Bromfeild of London Esquire; and Lawrence Marsh of Barking in the County of Surrey Esquire."

36 Line, after the Word " ," and before the

Word "out," leave out " and others -, " and instead thereof, insert " Thomas Bromfield and Lawrence Marsh, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, or the Executors or Executor of the Survivor of them, for the Uses in the said Lease expressed; and not otherwise."

4 Skin, 5 Line, after the Word " Arthur leave out the Words " and others -," and, instead thereof, insert " Thomas Bromfield and Lawrence Marsh"

The First Proviso, viz." Provided always, and be it Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That neither this Act, nor any thing therein contained, shall in any wise extend to confirm or make good any Lease or Leases made by William Lenthall, pretended Warden of the House of Converts, belonging to the Mailer of the Rolls, since the Thirteenth Day of January 1642, of any Houses or Tenements thereto belonging, to the Prejudice of John Lord Culpepper, his Successors, Lessees, or Assigns, the said Lord Culpepper paying or reimbursing unto the said Lessee or Lessees of such Houses or Tenements such Monies as they or any of them have paid, with Interest for the fame, he or they discounting for the mean Profits thereof *" being read the Third time, was, on the Question, agreed unto.

The Second Proviso, viz." Provided always, That neither this Act, nor any thing therein contained, shall extend to confirm William Hooke, in the Mastership of the King's Majesty's Hospital of the Savoy; nor, to confirm or make good any Lease of any Lands or Tenements belonging to the said Hospital, made between the Thirtieth Day of January in the Year of our Lord 1648, and the First Day of June 1660; the Mailer of the said Hospital, for the Time being, allowing and reimbursing, to all such Lessees, all such Sum or Sums of Money, as they, or any of them, paid to the then Mailer of the said Hospital, by way of Fine, at the time of such Lease making, and Interest for the fame; and the said Lessees, and every of them, discounting for the mean Profits of the same being read the Second time, was, on the Question, agreed unto.

The Third Proviso was read -, " Provided always,

and be it Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, or any thing therein contained, shall not extend to confirm or make good any Lease or Grant made or mentioned to be made to any Person or Persons, by John Owen, late Dean, and others. Canons, or pretended Dean and Canons of the College of Church, in the University of Oxford, or by any of them, of any the Rectories, Tythes, or Glebe-Lands, of Hampton, Wickenford, Badfey, Aldington, Offenham, South Littleton, North Littleton, and Middle Littleton, in the County of Worcester; heretofore the Possessions of Henry late Marquis of Worcester, and Dame Anne his Wife, or either of them; and whereof the said Henry was dispof-sessed, for his Allegiance and Loyalty to his late Majesty of blessed Memory: But that the Executor or Administra-for of the said Henry, shall and may be admitted to renew the Leases of the said Tythes, for such Term and Terms, as the said Dean and Chapter of Christ Church, are by Law enabled to grant the fame, the said Executors or Administrators satisfying and reimbursing to such Person or Persons all such Sum or Sums of Money, as he or they have paid for the said Lease or Leases, by way of Fine,

with

M9

with Interest for the same; the said Person or Persons dif-counting to the said Executors or Administrators, for the mean Profits received thereupon." And, on the Que-ition, agreed unto.

The Fourth Proviso read; " Provided also, that

this Act, or any thing therein contained, shall not extend to confirm or make good any Lease, Leases, or Estate, made by any pretended Dean and Chapter, Matter or Head of any College or Hall in either of the Universities, or of any pretended Matters or Governors of any Hospitals; which said Lease, Leases, or Estate, had not been good and effectual in Law, had they been made by a lawful Dean and Chapter, Matter, Head, or Governor of . any College, Hall, or Hospital aforesaid; this Act, or any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: " And on the Question, agreed unto.

The Fifth Proviso was read , viz.

" Provided also, that neither this Act, nor any thing therein contained, shall extend to confirm any Lease made, or pretended to be made, by the Matter, Fellows, and Scholars (or any of them) of Trinity College in since the Year of our Lord 1642, unto any Person or Persons, of the Rectory of Sedbergh in the County of York; but the same shall be in such Condition, as if this Act never had been made: And that Sir Thomas Cotton Baronet, satisfying and reimbursing unto the said Lessee or Lessees all such Sum and Sums of Money, as he or they have really paid by way of Fine, with Interest, for the said Lease, (discounting such Rents and Profits, as by the said Lessee or Lessees have respectively been taken or received out of the Premises) shall be restored to his former Right; and the now Matter, Fellows, and Scholars, of Trinity College aforesaid, shall be hereby enabled to lease the said Rectory of Sedbergh, unto the said Sir Thomas Cotton; any thing

in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding

And, on the Question put, that the same be agreed unto;

It passed in the Negative.

The Sixth Proviso was read; viz.

" Provided also, that this Act, or any thing therein contained, shall not extend to confirm or make good any Lease or Leases of the Rectory or Parsonage of Arrington in the County of Cambridge, which hath long been in the Tenure and Occupation of Thomas Esquire,

and his Ancestors, by several successive Leases from the Matter and Fellows of Trinity College in Cambridge; nor -shall confirm or make good any Lease or Leases of the Rectory or Parsonage of Soham, in the said County of

Cambridge, which hath likewise been and still is in the Occupation and Possession of the said Thomas Chicbeley, by Lease from the Matter and Fellows of Pembroke-Hall in Cambridge; but that the said Thomas Chicbeley, paying and reimbursing the several and respective Tenants or Lessees, the several and respective Sums of Money by them severally and respectively paid to the said College and Hall, for or in the Name of any Fine or Fines for the making or granting such new Lease or Leases, with Interest, (discounting such Rents and Profits, as by them respectively have been taken or received out of the Premises) shall be restored to his ancient Possessions; and the said College and Hall respectively shall be enabled to lease the said several Rectories and Parsonages, with their respective Appurtenances, unto the said Thomas Chicbeley , this Act, or any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding

And, on the Question put, that this Proviso be agreed unto.

It passed in the Negative.

The Seventh Proviso was read -, viz.

" Provided always, that neither this Act, nor any thing therein contained, shall extend to restore any Person or Persons to any Headship, Fellowship, or Scholarship, of any College or Hall, or to any Chaplain's or Clerk's Place, in any College or Hall in both the Universities; or to any Lecture or Reader's Place that is or shall be ejected out of their respective Headship, Fellowship,

52-

80.

Scholarship, Chaplain, or Clerk's Place, or out of any Lecture in the said Universities, by his Majesty's Cofn-missioners, under the Great Seal; for not having been legally, and according to the several Statutes of the said respective several Places* nominated, elected, or admitted, in or to the same *, any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding."

And, upon the Question, that this Proviso be agreed unto j

The House was divided t And the Yeas went forth.

Sir Allen Broadrick, t Tellers for the Yeas: 1 Mr. Lowther, t With the Yeas, J

Colonel King, t Tellers for the Noes: 1 Sir Tho. Clergis, ( With the Noes, J

And so the Question patted with the Negative.

Ordered, That it be referred to a Committee, to consider of and prepare Heads for a Conference with the Lords, upon the present Debate upon the Three last Pro* vifoes to the said Bill:

Mr. Serjeant Glyn, Sir Wm. Lewes, Mr. Swinfen, Serjeant Maynard, Mr. Hollis, Sir Allen Brodrick, Sir Henage Finch, Sir Tho. Widdrington, Mr. Allen, Mr. Shapcott.

Ordered, That the Bill for bringing in the Arrears of the Excise be read Tomorrow Morning.

The Bill for settling of Wine-Licences Was this Day read the Second time and, upon the Question, committed to Mr. Pryn, Mr. Knight, Mr. Foxwift, Mr. Serjeant Glyn, Mr. Bafcawen, Mr. Burton, Mr. Bamfeild, Mr. Bodarda, Mr. Baker, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Tho. Jones, Lord Bruice, Mr. Hide, Mr. Bulwer, Sir Lancelot Lake, Sir Geo. Booth, Mr. Shapcot, Sir John Carter, Sir Edw. ManfeU, Sir Richard Temple, Mr. Tytus, Sir Tho. Clergis, Sir Geo. Downing, Sir Robert Brookes, Sir Tho. Dacres, Serjeant Charlton, Sir Plenty Cefar, Mr. Ferrers, Sir Ralph Knight, Sir Henry Williams, Sir John Marsham, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Wendy, Sir Henry Lee, Mr. Rolles, Mr* Roberts: And they, or any Five of them, are to meet Tomorrow Morning at Seven of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Friday, xxi December, 1660.

Prayers.

A Bill, ingrossed, sent from the Lords, for the make* ing void certain Fines, unduly procured to be levied by Sir Edward Powell Knight and Baronet, and Dame Mary his Wife, was this Day read the First time.

Mr. Streete reports, from the Committee to whom the' Petition of the late Officers of the Court of Wards was referred, the yearly Value of their respective Offices; and the Recompence, which the Committee conceive equal to be allowed in respect thereof; being as followeth:

Ge-J

OFFICERS.

Sir Wm. Fleetwood, Receiver General of the Court of Wards

Mr. Cooke, Clerk of the Liveries Mr. Chamber laine, one of the Clerks Lord Berkley, Mailer , — -

Mr. Wilfont one of the Attornies Mr* Ecles, another of the Attornies Lord St. Alban, Clerk of the Live- j

ries — ----- ----- ----- — . — \

Sir Orlando Bridgman, Attorney Mr. Mojiin, Clerk of the Poji Mor~ j terns - - — j

Mr. Pritchard, one of the Auditors Mr. Fane, Clerk in Reversion — Mr. Maynard* OY Mr. Heath, and j whose same was particularly iiated J Mr. Hanchet, Uiher —

Mr. Wilkinson, Messenger ——

Offices. projof.d.

/. s. d. I s. d.

1500 0 0 2000 6 0

80O 0 0 2000 0 0

2000 0 0 t5O0 0 0

5006 0 0 5OOOO 0 0

400 0 0 IOOOO 0 0

400 0 0 IOOOO 0 0

800 0 0 100O 0 0

2000 0 0

400 0 0 400 0 0

IOOOO 0 0

7000 0 0 8000 0 0

1600 0 0 1200 0 0

300 0 0 600 0 0

350 0 0 750 0 0

The

UXXELLC

220 Journals of the House of Commons. A. 1660.

The particular Auditors for Management of the Re* Venue being Officers within the Statute of 32 VIII. and 46, which are now living at Two Years and half Value.

Yearly Value of The Rfcnfnpei nee

OFFICERS* Offices. prcpoled.

/. /. d. /. J. d.

Rapb Fitz John - — I50 0 0 375 0 0

I50 0 0 375 0 0

— 150 0 0 375 0 t>

133 6 8 333 6 8

Edmond Tooke — 0 300 0 0

Edw. Matheivs - - IOO O 0 250 0 0

Tho. Knollis — — 66 13 4 l66 I3 4

COUNTIES. Fecdaries.

Somerset — — Tho. Warre Esquire *

Devon ----- -- - John Wer Esquire - -

TMe'MMUfex' anJ } William Gon Esquire -

Gloucester ----- ----- -- Ednv. Cooke Esquire -

Comub. — — John Trcthevjy Esquire *

Salop and Montg. — John Pay - -

Sujffex — - — - Franc. Walker - -

Surrey - — Lancelot Symons - w -

Radnor, Brecon, and )

Lilamorgan — — )

Stafford — John Birch Esquire - -

FJffex - — — Henry Maxy Esquire -

Berkes — Thomas ShadvoeU -

Kane. — John Seyliard - -

Horfolke — — William Davy - - - "

Derby ----- ----- - — Alkftrey -

Monmouth — — Walter Pritchard -

Ab//. m — G/77. Booth, Serjeant at Law

Gxon. — Walter Knight - -

Value* per Ann.

/. d.

150 0 0

200 0 0

400 O 6

!5° O b

100 0 0

60 0 0

15° O 0

too O 0

So O 0

70 0 0

200 0 0

So 0 0

200 0 0

*5° O 0

5° 0 0

5° O 0

5° 0 0

100 0 0

The humble Petition of Clerk-Assistance,

was this Day read.

t

The Question being propounded, that the Officers of the Court of Wards, whose Names are mentioned in the Report from the Committee, to whom the same of the said Officers was referred, are fit (in case the Bill pass for taking away the Court of Wards) to be taken into Consideration, for a Recompence for their respective Places, according to the Committee's Report;

And the Question being put, that the Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Message from the Lords, by Dr. Child and , Two Masters of Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you an Answer to Seven several Bills; viz.The Bill against planting Tobacco in England: The Bill to enable the Matter of the Rolls to let Leases: The Bill to enable Mr. Fount to fell Lands for Payment of Debts: The Bill to enable Sir Wm. Wrey to fell Lands for Payment of Debts: To which Four their Lordships do concur. They have also sent you Three other Bills: One for levying the Arrears of Six and Twelve Months Assessments; another for granting an Imposition on Beer and Ale, for Increase of his Majesty's Revenue during his Life: To which their Lordships do also concur. The Seventh is intituled, An Act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries &c: In this their Lordships have made some Alterations and Additions, wherein they desire the Concurrence of this House.

The Amendments, and Two Provisoes, sent from the Lords, to the Bill for taking away the Court of Wards &c. were read the First time; being as followeth:

2 Skin, 8 Line, after the Word " Heriots," and before the Word "Suits," put in the Word " or;" and after the Word " Court," and before the Word " or," put in these Words, " belonging or incident to any former Tenure now taken away, or altered, by virtue of this Act."

16 Line, after the , Word " Customs," and before the Word " to," put in these Words, " of particular Manors or Places ;" and after the Word " to," and before the Word " any," put in these Words, " the King or;"

5

and after the Word " Person," leave out all the Words to the Word " provided," in the 19 Line.

33 Line, after the Word " Children," and before the Word " by," put in these Words, " whether born at the Time of the Decease of the Father, or at that Time in Ventre fa Mer; or whether such Father be within the Age of Twenty-one Years, or of full Age."

46 Line, after the Word " Children," and before the Words " shall be," put in these Words, " hath been or."

54 Line, after the Word " Children," and before the Words " shall be," put in these Words, " hath been or. "

3 Skin, 60 Line, leave out the Words " make, and cause to be made, Resistance thereunto," and, instead thereof, put in " commit, or cause to be committed, the Party or Parties so doing and offending, to Gaol, till the next Sessions, there to be indicted, and proceeded against for the fame."

61 Line, after the Word " therein," leave out the Words " and defend them from such Trespass."

9 Skin, 36 Line, after the Word " of," and before the Word " Parliament," put in these Words, " this present."

To add the Proviso, concerning Feodal Honours, to the End of that Part of the Bill which concerns the Court of Wards.

To add the Proviso at the End of the Bill.

The First Amendment was read the Second time, with the Coherence , and, on the Question, agreed.

The Second Amendment was read the Second time, with the Coherence.

Ordered, That it be referred to a Committee presently to withdraw, and to consider of the whole Amendments and Provisoes; and of their Coherence with the Bill; and report their Opinions thereon to the House -, viz. to Sir Henage Finch, Serjeant Glynn, Colonel King, Serjeant Charlton, Mr. Hollis, Mr. Fierpon, Sir Tho.

Mr. Bampfeildy Mr. Pryn, Mr. Allen.

The Messengers being called in again, Mr. Speaker gave them Answer;

The House have considered of your Message; and as to the Alterations and Additions to the Bill touching the Court of Wards, they will return Answer by Messengers of their own.

Ordered, That the Committee, appointed Yesterday to prepare Heads for a Conference with the Lords, upon the Provisoes sent from the Lords to the Bill for confirming College and Hospital Leases, do forthwith withdraw, and prepare Heads accordingly.

Mr. Tytus carried to the Lords the Bill for erecting and establishing a Post-Office.

Sir George Downing carried to the Lords the Two Bills, sent from the Lords, for Naturalizing of Mr. Boreel and

Mr. Waugbter.

The Lord Herbert carried back to the Lords the Bill for Sir ‘Thomas Crymes.

The Bill, ingrafted, for granting to his Majesty Six Months Assessments, at Seventy thousand Pounds by the Month, for disbanding the Remainder of the Army, and paying off the Navy, was this Etey read the Third time.

An additional Instruction was tendered to this Bill, for the Auditors to state the Accompts of the Regiments of Major General Morgan, Colonel Mann, and Colonel Da-nielly now in Scotland; and the Troop under Command of Major General Morgan; and for the Commissioners to pay and disband them:

And the Question being put, that the said Infirutflions be read *,

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That, in the First Skin, Line 21, after the Word " Pounds," and before the Word " for," these Words, " for Six Months," be inserted.

Resolved

Resolved, That, in 2 Skin, Lane instead of " the Five-and-twentieth of December" these Words, " the One-and-thirtieth of December," be inserted;, Resolved, That, Skin *, Line 17, instead of the Word " Commissioners," the Word " Treasurers" be inserted.

Resolved, That, in Skin 2, Line 29, after the Word " Kingdom," and before the Word " who," these Words,

" or Three of them," be inserted.

Resolved, That, in the 2, 3, 4, 5, and 8 Instruction, after the Word " for," and before the Word " disbanding," these Words, " paying or," be inserted;

A Provish was tendered to this Bill:

Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That ho Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which were formerly assessed and taxed, for and towards former Assessments and Land Taxes, and are now in the Poflef-lion or Holding of his Majesty, or of the Queen's Highness, or of any Ecclesiastical Person or Persons, or his, her, br their Farmers and Tenants, shall be exempted from the Payment of the several Sums of Mohey in this Act comprised; but that the said Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, shall be rated, assessed, and taxed, for and towards the said several Sums of Money in this Act comprised, in such Manner and Form, as they were of late rated, taxed, and assessed, for and towards the said former Land Rates , any Law, Statute, or Custom, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding:

Which was read the First and Serond time; and, upon the Question, agreed unto i and ordered to be Part of the

Bin.

Ordered, That the additional Names of Commissioners to this Bill, now offered, be inserted.

And so the Bill, with these Amendments, on the Que-ftion, passed.

Ordered, That the Title of this Bill be. An Act for granting to the King's Majesty Four hundred and Twenty thousand Pounds, by an Assessment of Seventy thousand Pounds by the Month, for Six Months, for disbanding the Remainder of the Army, and paying off the Navy.

Resolved, That this Bill be sent to the Lords for their Concurrence: And the Lord Herbert is to carry it to the Lords.

A Message from the Lords, by Dr. Littleton and #, Two Mailers of Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to return these Two Bills *, one, for Naturalization of Francis Hide, and others , the other, for Confirmation of Marriages: To which they have made some Amendments; and humbly desire, that this Honourable House will please to concur with them therein.

The Amendments, sent frdm the Lords, to the Bill for Naturalization of Francis Hid, and others, were read , being as followeth:

9 Line, instead of " Thomas ," make it " Mi-

chael Thomas:"

And, on the Question, were agreed unto;

The Amendments sent from the Lords to the Bill for Confirmation of Marriages, were read the First time; and after were read the Second time, with the Coherence.

The First Amendment in the 25 Line was read; and Upon the Question, agreed unto.

The Question being put, to agree to the last Amendments i

It paffbd with the Negative.

Ordered, That Sir Edward , Mr. , Lord

Valentia, Serjeant Glynn, Mr. Serjeant Rainsford,

Mr. Solicitor, Colonel King, do prepare Heads and Rea-fons to be offered, upon a Conference with die Lords, upon the Amendments to the Bill for Confirmation of Marriages. —

Sir Thomas Meeres reports, that the Lords return Answer, that they will fit this Afternoon, as isdefired< —

lit

The Messengers being again called in, Mr. Speakef gave them this Answer;

The House have considered of your Message: And, a4 to the Amendments to the Bill for Naturalization of Francis Hide, and others, they agree: And, as to the Amendments to the Bill for Confirmation of Marriages, this House will fend Answer by Messengers of their own.

Sir Henage Finch reports, from the Committee appointed to withdraw to consider of the Amendments, sent down from the Lords, to the Act for taking away the Court of Wards, and liveries, and Purveyance, that as to all the Amendments, saving the Amendments to the Provilb, are for the better; and that the Amendments, made by this Proviso, touching the Custom of Mortaigne, may be an Occasion of a Conference, in order to the leaving out of the whole Proviso: That to the Other Provilb, for saving the Honours of the Lords, they think fit to agree.

The Amendments to the said Bill, sent from the Lords, were read j

And the Amendment, 2 Skin, 8 Line, being put to the Question, was agreed unto.

The next Amendment, 16 Line, 2 Skin, was read:

And the Question being put, to agree to the said Amendment }

It passed with the Negative.

The Proviso, sent down from the Lords) " That neither this Act, nor any thing therein contained, shall infringe or hurt any Title of Honour or other by which any Person hath or may have Right to fit in the Lords House of Parliament, notwithstanding the taking away of Tenures in Knights Service , but that the said Honours shall remain in Force, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Tenures in Knights Service had not been taken away by this Act;" was read:

And the Question being put to agree to the said Proviso 1

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to this Provilb, thus amended , viz.

After the Word " Parliament," these Words be added, viz. " As to his or their Title of Honour, or Sitting in Parliament, and the Privilege belonging to them as Peers, this Act, or any thing therein contained to the contrary in any Wise notwithstandingAnd that the rest of the Proviso be omitted.

The next Proviso, sent down from the Lords, touching Inn-keepers (Sc. entering into a Recognizance, was read; being as followeth:

" Provided always, and be it Enacted, by the Author rity aforesaid, for the better Regulating of the Excise, and carrying on the same with the more moderate Charge to his Majesty and the Subjects, that no Person or Persons whatsoever, which shall be a publick Brewer, Innkeeper, Alehouse-keeper, or Vidhialler, in any City, Borough, Town Corporate, Parish, Village, or Hamlet, within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, of Town of Barwicke upon Tweed, shall, from and after the 24 of March 1660, brew or fell any Ale, Beef, or any other Liquors, for which Excise is to be paid by this Act, unless every such Person and Persons shall, at the next Quarter-Sessions of the Peace, to be held after the 25th Day of December in the said Year of our Lord 1660, in any City, County, Borough, or Town Corporate, respectively, take a Licence from the Court of the Sessions of the Peace, or from Two Justices of the Peace, for the Space of one whole Year next following the Date of the said Licence, for brewing or felling the said Ale, Beer, and other Liquors , unless such Person and Persons shall then also give Security, by Recognizance, at the said Court of Sessions, to His Majesty, for the Payment of the respective Duties of Excise, according to the Tenor of this Act. And be it also Enacted, That the Clerk of the Peace for the said Cities, Counties, Boroughs, and Towns Corporate, shall, from time to time, record the said Licences so granted, and receive the said Recognizances so given; and that every Person and Persons so licensed shall pay K k k unto

unto the Clerks of the Peace for the Recognizances, if above Ten Pounds, Two Shillings j if under Ten Pounds, One Shilling and no more."

And the Question being put, to agree to this Provilb}

It passed with the Negative.

Sir Clement 'Throgmorton reports, that he had delivered to the Lords the Orders of this House, for charging the Excise with One thousand Pounds for Mrs. Lane-, and with One thousand Four hundred Pounds for the Hospitals of the Savoy and Ely House: And the Lords gave Answer, that they concurred therein.

Ordered, That Captain Tytus do desire a Conference with the Lords, upon the Bill for the Court of Wards and Purveyance; and to the Bill for Confirmation of Marriages; and to the Bill for Confirmation of College and Hospital Leases,

This House having Formerly issued an Order for the Serjeant at Arms attending this House to fend for, in Custody, Wm. Nabbs and Mr. Maurice , for violating

the Privilege of this House in the same of Sir Francis Lawley \ and being informed, that the said Nabbs withdraws himself, and that the Serjeant's Deputies, who had in Charge the Warrant as to Mr. , were denied

Admittance to him; and that slighting and contemptuous Words were given, touching the Warrant j the said Deputies were called in to the Bar of this House; and examined; viz. Walter Curtis, and Simon Lowen: Refohed, That Mr. Maurice Tompson be lent for, in Custody, to this House, as a Delinquent: And that the Serjeant at Arms be impowered to break open Mr. Tompson' % House, in case of Refinance; and also to bring in Custody all such as shall make Opposition therein: And he is to call to his Assistance the Sheriff of , and all

other Officers, as he shall see Cause j who are required to assist him accordingly.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Meeres do go to the Lords, and desire, that they will please to lit this Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for Encouragement of Fishery is referred, do make their Report in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That next after the Report upon the Bill for Fishery, the Bill for the Excise be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That next after the Business of the Excise, the Report be made touching the Bill for Wine-Licences.

This House adjourns till Three in the Afternoon.

Friday, xxi Dece, 1660,

post Meridiem.

SI R George Downing reports Amendments to the Bill for Encouraging of the Fishery of this Kingdom: Which he read in his Place; and were afterwards read the First and Second time by the Clerk.

Resolved, That the Restraining of the Use of Drift-Nets or Stream-Nets, between June and , in the

High-Sea, upon the Coast of , within a League

and Half of the Shore, be enlarged to the Western Coast, as far as the Coast of Dorsetshire.

Resolved, That this Bill do continue in Force for Three Years *, and from thenceforth to the End of the First Session of Parliament then next following.

The Question being put, that this House doth agree with the Committee, that That Clause in the Amendments, which limits Wednesday to be a Fish Day in all Inns, Taverns, and Victualling-Houses, do stand;

The House was divided:

And the Yeas went forth.

Sir William Doyly, ( Tellers for the Yeas: J

* t With the Yeas, 5 92‘

Sir Gilbert Gerard % t Tellers for the Noes: j

Mr. Pedley, I With the Noes, J °4*

And so the Question passing in the Affirmative; Refohed^ That this House doth agree with the Committee, that That Clause in the Bill, which limits Wednesday s to be a Fish Day in all Taverns, Inns, and Victual-ling-Houses, do stand.

And the Amendments, so altered, being put to the Question, were agreed.

Resolved, That Candles be brought in to this House.

An enacting Clause was tendered to this Bill *5

Sir Henage Finch reports a Bill for Seventy thousand Pounds for One Month's Assessment to the King's Majesty, to commence First] July 1661: Which was read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be now read the Second time.

And it was read the Second time accordingly.

Resolved, That this Bill be ingrafted: And that the Provilb, agreed on this Day to the Bill for Six Months Assessments, and the Names of the additional Commit sioners to that Bill, be ingrafted with the Bill.

Lord Herbert carried to the Lords the Bill for Six Months Assessment, passed this House in the Forenoon.

Mr. Tytus reports, that he attended the Lords with the Desire of this House, that their Lordships will grant a present Conference with this House: And that the Lords do agree to a present Conference in the Painted Chamber.

Resolved, That the Committees, appointed to prepare the Heads of the Conferences with the Lords upon the Bills, touching the Court of Wards; That for Confirmation of Marriages; and That for Confirmation of Leases from Colleges and Hospitals j be the Committees for managing the said Conferences.

Colonel King reports a Bill for the Excise and Accompts: Which was read the First and Second time; and, on the Question, committed to Mr. Sir Roger

fbaw, Sir Rich. Onslow, Sir John Sir Roger Woljley, Sir Sol. Swayle, Mr. Henly, Sir Gilb.

Mr. Hollis, Mr. Bulkley, Lord , Mr. , Mr,

Bampfield, Mr. Pryn, Lord Viscount , Mr.

Mr. Tong, Mr. Sprey, Sir Geo. , Mr. , Sir

Wm. Tredenham, Sir Allen Brodr, Sir Edmond

Mr. Sprey, Mr. Jottiffe, Sir Wm. , Sir Edw. Maffey, Mr. Knightly, Mr. Walpoole, Colonel King, Mr.

Sir Tho. Meeres, Mr. Pryn, Mr. , Sir Wm. Doyly, Mr. Knight, Colonel Birch, Sir Wm. Vincent, Sir Lancelot Lake, Mr. Rolle, Mr. Harris, Sir Tho. Dacres, Mr. Bafcowen \ or any Five of them: And they are to consider of the most expeditious Way, to accomplish the Ends of that Bill; and of the Arrears due for Prize Goods and those in the Hands of any Treasurers, Receivers, or Tenants of Impropriations; and also of the Monies collected for the Protestants of Polonia, not answered, or for propagating the Gospel in New England: And they are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber, at any time between the Rising and Sitting of the House: And Colonel King is desired to take care of it.

Ordered, That the several Sums of Money, charged by Orders of this House, on the Excise of Foreign Goods imported, be transferred to, and charged upon, the Arrears of Excise, in the Course as formerly ordered.

Sir Henage Finch reported, that the Committee had attended the Conference with the Lords; and that their Lordships had taken time to consider of what was offered by the Committee.

Resolved,

12 Car. II. Journals of the House Commons. 223

Resolved, That to the Order of last concerning

One thousand Four hundred Pounds, for the Hospitals of the Savoy and Ely House, this Clause be added; viz. " unto Mr. JVm. AJbby, Treasurer for the maimed Soldiers, Widows, and Orphans, of the Hospitals of Ely House and the Savoy: And that, the Persons named of that Committee, to whom the Business of the said Hospitals is referred, or any Three of them, do take care for the speedy distributing and proportioning the said Money among the maimed Soldiers, Creditors, and Officers of the said Hospitals; and, to that Purpose, to issue out their Orders to the said Mr. Ashby, to pay the Sums mentioned therein immediately after the Receipt of the said Money." Ordered, That it be referred to the last mentioned Committee, to consider how the said Order may be made effectual: And to report it to the House.

Saturday, xxii Decem 1660.

Prayers.

SIR Anthony Irby reports from the Committee, to whom the humble Petition of Arthur Lord Earl of Donnegall, was referred; that upon Examination of the Cafe, it appeared to the Committee, that James Boswell did, 1642* deliver in for Relief of the

English Army there. Victuals, and other Provisions, to the Value of One thousand Five hundred Thirty-two Pounds Fifteen Shillings; and that, for securing thereof, the said Earl did enter into a Bond, dated Twenty-sixth June 1643, in the Penalty of Two thousand Pounds , and that the said James Boswell did also, in the Year 1644, deliver in Ireland, for the Use of the Forces there, a fur-

ther Quantity of Provisions amounting to Two thousand Fifteen Pounds Eleven Shillings and Ten-pence; and that, in Satisfaction of the said First Debt, and towards Satil-faction of the said Other Debt, the said James , re-

ceived, by Customs of Wine and Excise,

I. s. d.

Anno 1647, — —— — 1299 3 8

And at Drury House, January 1654, 419 15 2

And more at the Prize Office, — rr — 1000 o o

And so there remains unsatislied to the a laid James Boswell, of both the said Debts, v 829 8 2

the Sum of - — J

Besides Interest:

And that the Bond lo entered into by the said Earl, is how in the Hands of John , Administrator of the fad James Boswell: And that the Committee are of Opinion, that the said Debt being a publick Debt, and that the said James Boswell having received more than the First Debt, for securing of which the said Bond was entered into, the said Bond ought therefore to be delivered up to the said Earl, and the said Earl discharged therefrom; and that the Sum remaining unpaid of the said Debts, be satisfied to the said James Boswell's laid Administrator, in such a way as the Parliament shall think lit.

Ordered, That the Earl of be discharged of

the said Bond; and that the same be delivered up unto him, or his Assigns, by the Administrator of the said James Boswell, to be cancelled.

The Lords Concurrence is desired herein: And the Lord Angier is to carry it to the Lords.

Resolved, That the Remainder of the Money due to James Boswell, be left charged on the former Security.

A Message from the Lords, by Dr. Child and *, Two Mailers of Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you here Two Bills; one intituled, An Act for confirming the Sale of the Manor of Hitcham, sold to Mr. Charles Doe by Sir John Clarke: The other intituled, An Act for erecting and establishing a Poll Office: In both which, their Lordships have made some Alterations, wherein they desire the Concurrence of this House.

The said Amendments to Mr. Doe's Bill were read, being as followeth; viz.

6 Skin, 22 Line, after tha Word " Sir," and before the Word " Varney f leave out the Word " "Thomas" and put in the Word " Francis."

7 Skin, 7 Line, after the Word " to," and before the Word " every," put in these Words, " The King's Most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and to:"

And, on the Question, were agreed unto.

The Amendments to the Bill for the Poll Office, tak" ing away the Proviso about Letters to Members of Parliament, were read; being as follows;

The Clause in the 43 Line, beginning with the Word " provided," to be wholly left out; ending with the Word " notwithstanding," in the 48 Line; and, on the Question, were agreed unto.

The Messengers being called in again, Mr. Speaker gave them this Answer,

The House hath considered of your Message ♦, and of the Amendments to both the Bills; to which this House doth agree.

Resolved, That the Amendments to the Bill for Wine Licences be now reported and proceeded in.

Mr. Bodarda reports, from the Committee, Amendments, and four Provisoes, to the Bill for settling the Business of Wine Licences: Which he first read in his Place; and were after read the First time at the Table; and were read the Second time by Parts, with the Coherence; and, being severally put to the Question, they were agreed unto.

Ordered, That Folio 4, Line 14, instead of these Words, Company and Freemen," these Words " Freemen and Commonalty of the Mystery," be inferred.

The First Proviso, for Three Taverns at St. , for maintaining a Free-School there, was read the First and Second time; and, on the Question, agreed unto.

The Second Proviso was read the Second time; the feme concerning former Grants under the Great Seal, for felling Wine by Retail j and* on the Question, was laid aside.

The Third Proviso was lead the Second time; the feme concerning the obtaining of Certificates from the Justices, before Licence to fell Wines be granted; and, on the Question, was laid aside.

The Fourth Proviso, concerning the Fees and Rewards in respect of this Service, was read the Second time:

Resolved, That aPenalty of Ten Pounds be inserted into the said Clause:

Which was accordingly inserted: The Proviso, with that Amendment, was, on the Question, agreed.

A Proviso was tendered to this Bill; That this Act, or any thing therein contained, shall not extend to the Prejudice of the Town of Barwicke upon ,or any the Inhabitants thereof; but that they, and every of them, may fell Wines by Retail in that Place, without Licence from any Commissioners in this Act named or hereafter to be appointed in that Behalf; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: Which was read the First time; and, on the Question, laid aside.

Ordered, That the Lord Viscount Sir

Irby, Mr. Bampfeild, Mr. Boda, Mr. , Sir PVm.

Vincent, Sir Henage Finch, Mr. Allen, Sir Geo. Downing, Mr. Prynn, Sir Tho. Bluddworth, do withdraw, and pen a Clause, upon the Debate of the House, to prevent the mingling and sophisticating of Wines:

The Question being put, that a Clause be inserted into this Bill, for enabling of the Landlords or Owners of any Tavern to take Wine Licences, as well as any Vintner, or other Person, selling by Retail;

The House was divided:

And the Yeas went forth.

Sir

Sir Wm. Doyly, 5 Tellers for the Yeas: 7 r

Colonel King, I With the Yeas, 5 Sir John Duncomb,t Tellers for the Noes:,) Qf-

Sir Gilb. Gerard,l With the Noes, S

And so the Question parting in the Affirmative *,

Resolved, That a Clause be inserted into this Bill, for enabling of the Landlords or Owners of any Tavern to take Wine Licences, as well as any Vintner, or other Person, selling by Retail.

And this Clause, in 3 Folio, Line 4, " or to the

Landlord and Owner of the House, where the Person using such Trade shall fell and utter Wine by Retail," being now read , and, according to the said former Vote, inserted into the Bill; was agreed unto.

Resolved, That it be referred to the Committee last named, to take into Consideration, the quickening of the Execution of those Laws, which provide for die setting of the Price ©n Wines.

A Letter from her Majesty the Queen of , di-

rected, "To the Speaker of the House of Commons," and dated at the Hague, 2 November 1660; was this Day read.

A Message from the Lords, by and Mr.

Two Mailers of Chancery j

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have returned this Bill of Assessments with feme Amendments, and a Proviso; and humbly desire your Concurrence:

They have likewise commanded us to signify to this House, that they fully concur with you in the Bill concerning Sir Edward Goftwicke , and in That concerning Mr. Micklethwayte:

They also commanded us to signify their Delire to this House, that they will fit this Afternoon: And they have commanded us to put you in mind of my Lord of Jett's Bill, concerning the Manor of

The Proviso sent from the Lords,- to the Bill for Six Months Assessments, was read the First, Second, and Third time, being as followeth *, viz.

" Provided also, that nothing herein contained, shall be drawn into Example, to the Prejudice of the antient Rights belonging to the Peers of this Realm And, on the Question, was agreed.

The Amendments sent from the Lords to the Bill for Six Months Assessments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

To add the Proviso to the Beginning of the 3 Skin.

1. Under the Title of Montgomery, after the Word " Waring," put in these Words, " of

2 Instruction, 4 Line, after the Word " Supremacy," and before the Word " and, " add these Words, " or shall take the fame, when they shall be thereunto required."

7 Line, after the Word " there," and before the Word " pay," put in "Arrears of their-," and, after the Word " pay," leave out all the Words to the Word " to," in the 8 Line; and instead thereof, read " according to his Majesty's gracious Promise and Engagement to the Admirals at Sea, by his Letter dated April 1660, from Breda'

12 Line, after the Word " Supremacy," and before the Word " and, " put in these Words, " or shall take the fame, as aforesaid."

14 Line, after the Word " pay," leave out all the Words, to the Words " and the," in the 16 Line and, instead thereof, put in the Word " accordingly."

9 Instruction, 5 Line, after the Word " Esquire," and before the Word "shall," put in these Words, "and John Walker Gentleman."

To leave out the Rider at the End of the 2 Instruction. The First Amendment for adding these Words, " of Oldbury," was read; and, on the Question, agreed.

The Second Amendment, concerning the Oath of Supremacy, was read -, and, on the Question, agreed unto.

The Third Amendment, for adding "Arrears of their," was read; and, on the Question, agreed unto.

The Fourth Amendment, for omitting the Words after the Word " pay," and inferring other Words, was read:

Resolved, That this House do adhere to that Part of the Bill, as it was ferit frosti the Lords.

The Fifth Amendment, concerning the Oath of Supremacy, was read; and, on the Question, agreed unto.

The Sixth Amendment, Line 14, was read:

Resolved, That this House doth adhere to this Part of the Bill, as it went from this House to the Lords.

The Seventh Amendment, 9 Instruction, 5 Line, for adding " John Walker Gentleman," was read; and, on the Question, agreed unto.

The Eighth Amendment, for leaving out the Rider, was read:

Resolved, That this House doth adhere to this Part of the Bill, as it went to the Lords.

Resolved, That this House do fit in the Afternoon.

The Messengers being called in again, Mr. Speaker gave them this Answer j

The House have considered of your Message j and will fit this Afternoon:

They will give what Dispatch they can to the Earl Of Dorset's Bill j and for the Amendments to the Assessment Bill, they will return Answer by Messengers of their own.

Another Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bemet and Mr. Child, Two Matters of Chancery *,

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a free Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, at Five of the Clock in the Afternoon, touching the Three Bills -, aid the Exceptions offered at the last Conference.

Resolved, That a Conference be granted with the Lords, as is desired.

The Messengers being called in again, Mr. Speaker gave them this Answer

The House have considered of your Message , and do agree to a free Conference with the Lords, as is desired.

Sir Henage Finch reports from the Committee, an

enacting Clause to the Bill for Wine Licences, for better preventing the mingling of Wines: Which was read by him in his Place; and after read the First and Second time by the Clerk:

Resolved, That " Lime," be added in the said Clause.

And the Clause, so amended, was agreed; and ordered to be Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That this Bill, with the Amendments, Provisoes, and Clauses, as now agreed, be ingrossed.

This House adjourns till Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Saturday, xxiith December, 1660,

foji Merid.

r\Rdered, That the same of Ralph Damall Esquire, Clerk Assistant to this House, (as to his Purchase of the Manor of Monkland, in the County of Hereford, and of

the Mills and Demelhe Lands to the said Manor belonging) be and is hereby specially recommended to the Commissioners appointed by the King's Majesty to treat with Purchasers and Ecclesiastical Persons: And the said Commissioners are desired by this House, to take special Care, that, according to the Relblves and Votes of the Grand Committee of this House, to whom the Bill of Sales was committed, the said Ralph Damall, his Executors or Assigns, have the full Sum of One thousand Six hundred Twenty-three Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Nine-pence, (being the Purchase Money by him paid) with Interest after the Rate of Six Pounds per Cent', ever since the 24th March 1650, allowed, and paid, and satisfied, unto him, his Executors or Assigns; he or they discounting the mean Profits by him or them received: And that the said Ralph Damall, his Heirs or Assigns, do hold the Possession of the said Manor and Lands, until he or they

be

be satisfied the said Sum of One thousand Six hundred Twenty-three Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Nine-pence, with Interest, as aforesaid; or otherwise, that the Dean and Canons of Windsor do grant unto the said Ralph and his Heirs, a good Lease in Law of the said Manor of Monkland, and of the Mills and Demesne Lands of the said Manor of Menkland, by the said Ralph , purchased, as aforesaid, for the Term of Three Lives, to be named by the said Ralph Darnall., under usual Covenants; reserving unto the said Dean and Canons, and their Successors, the ancient and accustomed Rent formerly referred for the said Manor and Lands, to the said Dean and Canons; in full Satisfaction for the said One thousand Six hundred Twenty-three Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Nine-pence, with Interest for the fame.

Colonel King reports Amendments to the Bill for bringing in the Arrears of the Excise: Which he first read in his Place, with the Coherence:

Resolved, That Candles be forthwith brought into the House.

The Amendments reported to the Bill for getting in the Arrears of Excise, were read the First time, and the Second time, with the Coherence, at the Table.

Resolved, That 2 Folio, 11 Line, these Words, " or other Person or Persons," be omitted.

Resolved, That the Commissioners, to put this Act in Execution, be the present Commissioners for Disbanding of the Army, and Paying off the Navy; Sir Richard Browne, Sir William Doyly, Edward King Esquire, John

Birch Esquire, William Prym Esquire, Robert Esquire.

Resolved, That Arthur Sprey Esquire, be added to the said Commissioners.

A Proviso and enacting Clause was tendered to this Bill; viz.Provided, and be it further Enacted, That the Commissioners appointed for this Service, shall have Power, and are hereby authorized, to make Allowance to Merchants, who have Accounts depending for Arrears of Excise, of all Sums of Money to them due upon half Subsidy, and other Allowance, for Goods imported before the Twenty-fourth of June 1660; as also all such Allowance as was to have been made at the Office of Excise, upon Goods exported,; due Proof being first made, that the Duties and Imposition of Custom and Excise have heen duly paid and satisfied: Which was read die First and Second time; and, on the Question, agreed; and ordered to be Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That Folio 2, Line 11, after the Word " Accounts," these Words, " Commissioners of Excise, Sub-Commissioners, Farmers, and Collectors of the said Excise," be inserted.

And the Amendments, with these Alterations, being put to the Question, were agreed unto.

Resolved, That this Act shall continue in Force for the Space of Two Years, from the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1660, and no longer.

Resolved, That this Bill, with these Amendments, be ingossed.

Sir Henage Finch reports the Substance of the last Conference with the Lords, concerning the Three Bills, — touching the Court of Wards, — Marriages, — and Leases from Colleges and Hospitals:

" That the Alterations, in the Bill for Confirmation of Marriages, their Lordships found so small, that they agreed the Bill as font from this House."

" That, in the Bill for taking away the Court of Wards, their Lordships had agreed upon some Alterations to the Proviso they formerly lent down; and had delivered a new Proviso, with the said Alterations: The other Proviso, concerning Feodal Honours, their Lordships have agreed with the Amendments, as we sent it up: The long Proviso, for better Collection of Excise, and

Recognizances in that Behalf, their Lordships are content to leave it out of the Bill."

" That, in the Bill for confirming Leases from Colleges and Hospitals, the Question was only about the Three last Provilbes. The First, concerning Sir Thomas Cotton' % Interest, in the Lease to Sedbergh Rectory: And their Lordships took notice of what had been said, " that Sir Thomas Cotton's Lease was expired before the other procured; that he fought not to renew it; and that the present Lessee came in upon a great Consideration :" But they have since received Information, that Sir Tho. Cotton offered his Oath, that he had endeavoured to renew it within Three Years of the Expiration; and therefore they have made an Alteration therein, leaving it to the Pleasure of the College, to renew the Lease to him, or confirm it to the other. To which it was replied, that the Amendment is made worse than it was before: And the Lord Chancellor said he had nothing more to say to that. — To the next Proviso, concerning Mr. the Lord Chancellor told us, Mr. Chichely had all along expressed great Fidelity to his Majesty; and on that score the Lease was refused to him; and that being a Man wanting to himself, in following his private Affairs, he supposed, when a Parliament and Two Houses fat, he should not have fared worse, for want of his eager Prosecution: And so they left that to our Consideration. — To the last Proviso, concerning Heads, Fellows, and Scholars f£c. of either of the Universities, which is or shall be ejected by the King's Commissioners, as it first came from die Lords it was without a limited Time; and now their Lordships have amended it to a Time, . before the Twenty-fifth of March next; and instead of " both the Universities," they had inserted " either;" and so they conceive they had, in a great measure, latiffied the Desire of this House. It was infilled on by the Committee; that the Commissioners for Visitation were employed about June, and have acted vigorously since; and that it may be presumed they have completed whatsoever is necessary for Regulation; and that the Continuance of the Power of Ejeftion, till the Twenty-fifth of March next, will give Occasion to make Reviews for a Quarter of a Year longer. The Lord Chancellor said, he now serves the University in the Place of Chancellor; and believes the Commission is at least so far determined, that there will be it further acting in it; but if the Time be too long, he left it to us to lessen the Time as we shall fee Cause."

He also delivers a Paper of Amendments to the Bill for taking away the Court of Wards, received from the Lords at the Conference, being as followeth;

2 Skin, 15 Line, after the Word " Fines," leave out the Words " Duties or Payments ;" and instead thereof, add these Words, " for Alienation."

16 Line, after die Word " Customs," add these Words, " of particular Manors and Places," other than Fines for Alienations of Lands or Tenements holden immediately of the King in Capite-," and leave out all the rest of the Proviso.

The Proviso will then be thus read;

" Provided always, and be it Enacted, That any thing herein contained, shall not take away, nor be construed to take away, any Fines for Alienation, due by particular Customs, of particular Manors or Places, other than Fines for Alienations of Lands or Tenements, holden immediately of the King in Capite

Which was read; and, on the Question, agreed unto.

AnotherProviso, — " Thatneither this Act, noranything therein contained, shall infringe or hurt any Tide of Honour Feodal or other, by which any Person hath, or may have, Right to fit in the Lords House of Parliament, as to his or their Tide of Honour, or Sitting in Parliament; and the Privilege belonging to them as Peers; this Act, or any thing therein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding."

Which was read; and agreed unto.

*LII Refohed,

zz6 Journals of the House of Commons, 1660.

Refold'd^That these Two Provisoes be ingrcffed into tion of College Leases, be adjourned until Monday Mom-the Bill; and the Bill returned to the Lords. — ing next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Child and *, Two Mailers of Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill, intituled, An A<ff for further l'upplying and explaining of certain Defeats in an Act* intituled, An Act for the speedy Provision of Money for Disbanding the Army, and Paying off the Navy; together with divers Alterations and Additions, wherein their Lordships desire the Concurrence of this House.

Their Lordships further desire a present Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, concerning a Message they have received from his Majesty.

Ref he d) That a present Conference be granted with the Lords, as is desired.

Rejohcd, That a present Conference with the Lords be desired upon the'Amendments sent from the Lords, to the Bill for Six Months Assessments: And the Lord Angier is to carry this Message to the Lords.

The Messengers were called in again; and Mr. Speaker gave them this Answer;

The House have considered of your Message; and, to that Part which desires a present Conference in the Painted Chamber, the House doth agree: To the other Part concerning Amendments to the Bill, the House will fend Answer by Messengers of their own.

Resolved, That the Committee, nominated for the last Conference, be the Committee for managing the present Conference with the Lords, upon the Amendments to the Bill for Six Months Assessments: And Mr. Goit and Mr. Knight are added to the Committee. —

The House proceeded to take Consideration of the Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill for confirming of Leases from Colleges and Hospitals.

The First Proviso concerning the Lease of the Rectory of Sedbergh, as it was amended by the Lords, and so delivered at the Conference this Afternoon, was read. —

Lord Angier reports, that he had delivered the Mef-sage to the Lords, desiring a present Conference about the Amendments to the Bill for Six Months Assessments; and that the Lords agree to a present Conference, in the Painted Chamber,

He also reports, that he had delivered to their Lord-Chips the Order of this House, passed this Day, concerning the Earl of Donnegall; and that he received Answer, that the Lords would fend Answer by Messengers of their own.

The Lord Viscount Valentia reports the Conference had with the Lords:

That they had been at a double Conference. At one of them the Lords communicated a Message to the Committee from the King's Majesty, without Date; but laid the same was received this Day (And he read the fame): Which was all that was delivered at that Conference.

Upon the other Conference, the Committee delivered the Bill for the Six Months Assessments, with the Amendments; and desired their Lordships Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Child and #, Two Masters of Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords do desire a present free Conference in the Painted Chamber, touching the Matter of the last Conference.

The Messengers being called in again, Mr. Speaker gave them this Answer,

The House hath considered of your Message; and do agree to a free Conference, as is desired.

Ordered, That those that managed the last Conference do manage this Conference__

Ordered, That the Debate upon the Bill for Confirma-

This House adjourned until Monday Morning Eight of the Clock.

Monday, xxivth December, 1660.

Prayers.

THE Question being put, that the Report made upon the Bill, sent from the Lords, concerning the Earl of Cleveland, be now received j

The House was divided: And The Yeas went forth.

Sir Richard Onslow, t Tellers for the Yeas:

Sir Sol. Swayle, t With the Yeas,

Colonel King, ( Tellers for the Noes:

Mr. Hunger ford) I With the Noes,

And Mr. Speaker giving his Vote with the Yeas; and the Question thereupon passing in the Affirmative;

Resolved, That the Report upon the Bill lent from the Lords, concerning the Earl of , be now received.

Mr. Goodrich reports Amendments to the Bill sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the settling of all the Manors and Lands of the Earl of , in Trustees,

to be sold for the satisfying of the Debts of the said Earl, and of 'Thomas Lord Wentworth his Son: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and were afterwards read the First time at the Table.

24.

24.

The Lord Viscount Valentia reports the Substance of the Conference had with the Lords the last Night, upon the Bill for Six Months Assessments; viz.

" That, according to the Command of this House, the Committee attended the Conference; where the Difference was, about the limiting of the Time, from which the Arrears of the Seamen are to be paid, to the Fourteenth of March 1658, by the Bill, as it went from this House; And that, upon the Debate, we satisfied their Lordships with the Reasons we offered; and so they concurred with this House as to the said Time.

The House being informed, that the Black Rod was at the Door, he was called in; and after he had made Obeisance Three several times, coming up to the Middle of the Room, he delivered this Message;

Mr. Speaker, The King hath commanded me to call yourself, and the Members of this House, presently to him, into the House of Lords.

Mr. Speaker and the Members of this House accom--panying him went to the Lords House, to attend his Majesty there; Mr. Speaker carrying with him the Bill for granting to his Majesty an Imposition upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for Increase of his Majesty's Revenue during his Life.

The Preamble to the Bill for the Earl of , as

it was sent from the Lords, viz. from the First Line,

1 Skin, to the Word " May," the First Word of the 6th Line, in the 2d Skin, was read:

Resolved, Thar, from the Words " enforced to borrow," in the 5 Line of the 1 Skin, all the following Words, to the Words " may it please," in the 5th Line of the 2 Skin, be omitted.

Another Preamble was tendered to this Bill: Which was read the First and Second time:

Resolved, That, in Line 12, the Word " absolute" be left out.

Resolved, That, in Lane 1 x, these Words " and equal'* be left out.

And the Preamble, so amended, was read the Third time; and, on the Question, agreed: And so, instead of the Words ordered as before to be omitted in the Preamble, these Words are to be infer ted; viz. " of several Persons

Persons several great Sums, at Interest, moll of which are mentioned in a Schedule hereunto annexed: Now, to the Intent that all Creditors of your laid Subject, and his said Son, may have just Satisfaction -, and, also, that all Purchasers may hold and enjoy their Bargains."

Resolved, That the House proceed to a Second Reading of the said Amendments to the Earl of Cleveland's Bill, by Paragraphs.

The First Amendment, 2 Skin, Line 13, was read; and, on the Question, agreed unto.

The next Amendment, 2 Skin, Line 24, was read; and, on the Question, agreed unto.

The next Amendment, 2 Skin, Line 31, was read-, and after was read with the Coherence , and, on the Question, agreed unto.

The next Amendment, 2 Skin, 31 Line, for leaving out from these Words, " and that the said Sir John binfon &c." to the End of the Bill, till you come to the Schedule, was read -, and, on the Question, agreed unto.

The First Paragraph of the next Amendment was read:

The Question being put, that this Paragraph be agreed unto

The Ploufe was divided:

And the Yeas went forth.

Lord Ang

Mr. Cornw,

Mr. Bampfield, Mr. Shapco

c Tellers for the Yeas: 7 I With the Yeas, J

91.

t Tellers for the Noes: I t With the Noes, 1 And so the Question passing in the Affirmative;

Resolved, That this Paragraph be agreed unto.

The rest of the said Amendments were read.

Resolved, That, Folio 3, Line 33, of the said Amendment, after the Word " made," and before the Word by," these Words, "since the Year 1630," be inserted.

Resolved', That, in the same Skin, 34 Line, after the Word " Wentworth," and before the Word " of," these

Words, " or either of them," be inserted.

Resolved, That the Time for the Barons of the Exchequer to put the Powers, to them committed by this Act, in Execution, be limited to the Space of Seven Years, from the passing of this Act.

Resolved, That, to " Satisfaction on Securities," these Words, " together with reasonable Interest for the fame," be inserted.

Resolved, That, Folio 6 Line 2, after the Word

" Mortgage," and before the Word " was," these Words, " or any other Mortgage, or other real Incumbrance of any Lands not excepted in this Act," be inserted; and that, in the next Line, the Word " mortgaged" be omitted; and that, in the 5th Line, after the Word Mortgage," these Words, "or other Incumbrance," be inserted.

Resolved, That, Folio 6, Line 23, after the Word " them," and before the Word " difeompting," these Words, " or by virtue of any other real Incumbrance,"

be inserted.

Resolved, That, Folio 7, Line 4, betwixt the Word " Trust" and the Word " for," these Words, " with or," be inserted.

Resolved, That, Folio 7, Line 10, betwixt the Words " same and respectively," these Words, " or his or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns," be inserted.

Resolved, That, in the last Line but Two, 7 Skin, betwixt the Word " Coverture," and the Word " or," these Words, " non fane Memory," be inserted.

Resolved, That the likeClause be inserted, for bringing in Debts to the Barons of the Exchequer, as is in the 7 Folio of the Amendments, in the same of absolute Sales and Decrees.

Resolved, That these Words, " or for new Building, or other Improvements thereupon," be inserted.

A Proviso was tendered to this Bill -, That this Act, nor any thing therein contained, shall extend to the vacating or avoiding of an Indenture of Lease, bearing Date the 29 June, 16 Car. by the which the Earl of Cleveland conveyed Harlington Woody alias Harling-ton Park, in Harlington in the County of Bedford,

by Estimation One hundred and Sixty Acres; and Two Woods called Chitwood, and Lady-well-wood, in ton in the said County of Bedford-, to William Smith, lor Ninety-nine Years, as a Security for the Performance of certain Articles, of the same Date, made between the said Earl, and Thomas Lord Wentworth his Son, on the one Part, and the said Wm. Smith on the other Part -, bur that the said Lease shall continue, and be of the like Force and Effect, (and no other) as if this Act had not been made: Which was read the First and Second time and, with an Amendment made at the Table, instead of the Words " in Force &c." to the End of the Proviso, these Words, viz." of the like Force and Effect:, and no other, as if this Act: had not been made," be inserted.

And so the Amendments, with these Alterations, were, on the Question, agreed unto.

Resolved, That the Bill, so amended, be sent to the Lords.

And Mr. Hollis is to carry it to the Lords.

Resolved, That, instead of these Words, in the Title, "An Act for settling of all the Manors and Lands of the Earl of Cleveland &c." the Title Hand thus , " An Act for the settling of some of the Manors and Lands Ctjc."

Resolved, That this House do adjourn itself till Thursday next.

This House adjourns till Thursday next, at Eight of the Clock in the Forenoon.

<Thtirfday, xxviith , 1660.

Prayers.

THE House proceeded in the Debate of the Three last Provisoes, sent from the Lords, to the Bill for confirming I.eases from Colleges and Hospitals; which, being not concurred in by this House, were returned back from the Lords, with some Amendments.

The First of the Three Provisoes, concerning the Rectory of Sedbergh in the County of York, was read.

Tire humble Petition of Sir Thomas Cotton Baronet was read.

The Question being put, to agree to this Proviso It passed with the Negative.

Another Proviso, sent down from the Lords, touching the excepting out of this Act a Lease made by Trinity College, of the Rectory and Parsonage of Arrington, and of the Rectory of Soham in the county of ,

whereof Mr. Chicheley was formerly Tenant, from being confirmed by this Act, was read j and, upon the Que-ftion, agreed unto.

Another Proviso, lent down with some Amendments, That this Act shall not extend to restore any Person or Persons to any Headship, Fellowship, or Scholarship, of any College or Hall, or to any Chaplain or Clerk's Place, in any College or Hall, in either of the Universities, or to any Lecturer or Reader's Place, that is, or shall be, before the 25 of March next, ejected out of their respective Headship, Fellowship, Scholarship, Chaplain, or Clerk's Place, or out of any Lecture, in the said Universities, by his Majesty's Commissioners under the Great Seal for not having been legally, and according to the several Statutes of the said respective several Places, nominated, elected, or admitted, in or to the same any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding; was read.

The Petition of George Hitchcocke, Anthony Adlard, William Sprigg, and John Curtaine, and Robert , Matters of Arts in the University of Oxon, was read.

Resolved, That the Time limited in this Proviso, as to what the Commissioners have done, or shall do, relate to the First of January 1660, instead of the 25 of March.

And the said Proviso, so amended, being put to the Question, was agreed unto.

Resolved, That a present free Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Matter of the last Conference, upon the Amendments to College and Hospital Leafts:

And

Journals of the House of Commons. A. 1660.

2Z8

And that Mr. Hide do carry this Message to the Lords; 'and also mind the Lords of the Bill for Augmentation of Vicarages-, and of the Bill prohibiting the Exportation of Wool, Wool-fells, and Fuller's Earth; the Bill against profane Cursing and Swearing -, and the Bill against planting Tobacco in England and Ireland.

A Bill, ingrossed, for Encouragement of the Fishery Trade of this Nation, was this Day read the Third time.

A Provilb was tendered to this Bill; That this Act, or any thing therein contained, do not extend to the barring Inn-keepers, on the publick Roads, for drelTing of Flesh on Wednesdays for Travellers whilst they are on their Journey; but that they may, in such Case, drels Meat, as formerly they have done; any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding: Which was this Day read the First time; and laid aside.

And the Bill, being put to the Question, passed.

Resolved, That Sir Geo.Downing do carry this Bill to

the Lords.

Resolved, That this be the Title of this Bill; viz.

" An Act for the Encouragement of the Fishing Trade."

The Lord Bruice carries to the Lords the Bill for the Earl of Cleveland, as it was amended by this House.

Mr. Hide reports, that, according to the Commands of this House, he did, from this House, desire the Lords to grant a free Conference upon the Matter of the last Conference, upon the Amendments to the Bill for Confirmation of College-Leases -, and that the Lords do agree to a free Conference in the Painted Chamber, as is desired: And that he did put the Lords in mind of the several Bills, according to the Command of this House; and received Answer, that the Bill prohibiting the planting of Tobacco, the House of Peers have already passed; and the other are under Consideration.

A Bill, ingrossed, for granting of Wine-Licences, was this Day read the Third time.

A Proviso was tendered to this Bill, for setting Prices on Wines sold by Retail: Which was this Day read the First time; and is as followeth:

" Provided always, and be it Enacted, That from and after the First Day of September 1661, no Wines,

Mufcadelly or Alligant, or other , or Sweet Wines,

shall be fold or uttered, by any Person or Persons within his Majesty's Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Barwick upon "Tw, by Retail, for above Eighteen-pence the Quart; and that no or

French Wines whatsoever shall be fold, by Retail, above Eight-pence the Quart-, and that no Rhenish Wines whatsoever shall be fold, by Retail; above Twelve-pence the Quart; and, according to these Rates, for a greater or lesser Quantity, all and every the said Wines shall and may be fold; upon Pain and Penalty, that every such Person and Persons, who shall utter or fell any of the said Wines by Retail, that is to lay, by the Pint, Quart, Pottle, or Gallon, or by any other greater or lesser Retail Measure, at any Rate exceeding the Rates hereby limited, do and shall forfeit, for every such Pint, Quart, Pottle, Gallon, or other greater or lesser Quantity, so sold by Retail, the Sum of Five Pounds -, the one Moiety of which Forfeiture shall be to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs, and Successors; and the other Moiety to him or them that will sue for the same; to be recovered in Manner and Form aforesaid. Provided nevertheless, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Chancellor of England, Lord Treasurer, Lord President of the King's Council, Lord Privy Seal, and the Two Chief Justices, or Five, Four, or Three of them, and they are hereby, authorized, yearly and every Year, between the 20th Day of November, and the last of , and no other

times, to set the Prices of all and every the said Wines, to be sold by Retail, as aforesaid, at higher or lower Rates than are herein contained, so as they, or any of them, cause the Prices, by them set, to be written, and open

Proclamation thereof to be made, in the King's Court of Chancery, yearly, in the Term-time, or else in the City, Borough, or Town Corporate, where any such Wines shall be fold; and that all and every the said Wines shall and may be sold by Retail, at such Prices as by them, or any Five, Four, or Three of them, shall be set, as aforesaid, from time to time, for the Space of One whole Year, to commence from the First Day of February next, after the Setting thereof, and no longer and no greater Prices; under the Pains and Penalties aforesaid, to be recovered as aforesaid, and afterwards; and in Default of such setting of Prices by the said Lord Chancellor of England., Lord Treasurer, Lord President of the King's Council, Lord Privy Seal, and the Two Chief Justices, or Five, Four, or Three of them, as aforesaid, at the re-fbeftive Rates and Prices set by this Act, and under the Penalties aforesaid, to be recovered as aforesaid."

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hobart and Mr.' Glaficocke, Two Masters of Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to signify their Concurrence to the Bill concerning Mr. Newton: And also to put the House in mind, to give what Dispatch conveniently they can, to the Bill concerning Lindsey Level, in regard of the Publickness of the Nature thereof: Also, that the House of Commons would give what Dispach they conveniently can, concerning the Naturalizing of the Son of the Lord Aftley, a Peer of this House.

Ordered, That the same Committee, who managed the former Conference, do manage this Conference.

Ordered, That the Debate upon the Proviso, tendered to the Bill for Wine-Licences, concerning the Price of Wines, be adjourned till the Conference with the Lords ended,

RefohedThat this House do fit this Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Lords be desired to fit this Afternoon: And that Mr. Morgan do carry this Message to the Lords.

The Proviso tendered to the Bill for Wine-Licences, touching the Setting of a Price on Wines, was read the Second time.

Ordered, That the Blank in the Proviso, as to the Commencement of the Prices of Wines, be filled up with " the First Day of September 1661."

And the said Proviso, so amended, being put to the Question, was agreed unto. ——

Mr. Morgan reports, that the Lords do agree to fit this Afternoon.

Sir Henage Finch reports, from the Committee that attended the Conference with the Lords this Day, concerning the Provisoes to the Bill for confirming College and Hospital Leases, That the Committee acquainted the Lords with the Reasons of this House, for not agreeing with the Proviso concerning Sir Tho. Cotton's Interest in the Rectory oiSedbergh -, and the limiting of his Majesty's Commissioners time for ejefting of Heads, Fellows &c. in the Universities, to the First of January 1660; and that the Lords agree to the leaving out of the Proviso concerning Sedbergh Rectory; and that the time limited, as aforesaid, in the other Proviso, be " the First of January 1660." ——

The said Bill concerning setting Prices on Wines, with the said Proviso, being put to the Question, passed.

Resolved, That Mr. Bodarda do carry this Bill to the

Lords.

A Proviso was tendered for enabling the Merchants to fell Wine by Retail, within the times mentioned in the Proviso.

And

And the Question being put, that this Proviso be received;

It passed in the Negative.

And so the Bill, being put to the Question, passed.

Resolved, That' this be the Title of the Bill; An Act for the better Ordering the felling of Wines by Retail, and for preventing Abuses in the mingling, corrupting, and vitiating of Wines; and for setting and limiting the Price of the fame.

Resolved, That this Bill be carried to the Lords for their Concurrence: And Mr. Bodarda is to carry it to the Lords.

Resolved, That Mr. Brampjion do carry up to the Lords the Bill for Encouragement of the Fishing Trade.

a

This House adjourns to Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Hyurfday, xxviith D, 1660, foji Meridiem.

SIR Richard Onslow reports from the Committee, to whom it was referred to consider of a Compenfadon to be given to the Clerks, Officers, and Servants, attending the Service of the Parliament, the Opinion of the said Committee, what is fit to be given to the said respective Clerks, Officers, and Servants, for their respective Pains and Service, since the last Sitting of this House; as followeth:

A Report from the Committee, to consider of the Pains taken by the Chaplain *, and the Petition of the Provost-Marshal, and his Six Men, to attend the Speaker} and of the Clerks, and other Officers, attending the House.

For the Chaplain, since the Parliament V

began — ----- J

The Provost-Marshal, and Six Men, j

since the Adjournment — - ----- 3 4°

For Mr. Jejfop., the Clerk ----- -- - 72

120

s.

o

d.

o

10

To Mr. jejfop, for ingrossing publick l

Bills since 2 5 April ----- ----- ----- --- J

To Mr. Darnell, Clerk-Assistance —

o o

To the Serjeant at Arms To the Under-Clerks — ——

To the Servants of the Serjeant at Arms-

Cooper ——

Nonelley ----- ----- — . ——

Hughs ----- ----- ----- - ‘ —

Bainbam'sWife To the rest —

To 7 ‘bo.Rookes, Stationer, for Parchment, Pen, Ink, Paper, and other Ne-ceflaries ——

3

rod 72 25 80 20 IS 10 , 10 20

o

10

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

199 io o

IQ O O

io o

To John Tench, Clerk to the Com- j

mittee for publick Debts — ----- ----- I

To John Ince ——

To Wm. Howard, that keeps the Gal- % lery and the Duchy Chamber for the Ser-

vice of this House ----- ----- - . ----- j

To George Vine., Clerk to the Committee 1 in the Exchequer Chamber, for Custom > and Excise, Trade and Navigation — V

Which was read.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the Sum of One hundred and Twenty Pounds be and is hereby conferred on Mr. Edward , the Chaplain attending on this House, for his Pains and diligent Service in constant praying with this House, every Morning, since the Beginning of this Parliament; and that the same be charged on the Arrears of the Excise, due the Twenty-fifth of this Instant , and forth-

with paid»unto him, or his Assigns: And the Commission--ers of Excise, and Treasurers for that Receipt, be and are

22p

hereby authorized and required to pay the same accordingly: And the Acquittance or Acquittances of the said Mr. Edward Voyce, or his Assigns, testilying the Receipt thereof, shall be a sufficient Discharge in that Behalf.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the Sum of Forty Pounds be and is hereby conferred on Lancelot Emott, Provost-Marshal, and his Six Men, for their Service in attending the Speaker of this House since the Adjournment of this House; and that the same be charged on the Arrears of the Excise, due the Twenty-fifth of December Instant, and forthwith paid unto the said Lancelot Em, or his Assigns: And the Commissioners and Treasurers of the Excise are hereby authorized and required to pay the same to the said Lancelot Emott, or his Assigns, accordingly: And the Acquittance or Acquittances of the said Lancelot or

his Assigns, testilying the Receipt thereof, shall be. a sufficient Discharge in that Behalf.

Ordered, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the Sum of One hundred Twenty-two Pounds Ten Shillings be and is hereby granted and allowed unto William Jeff of Esquire, Clerk of this House,- for his extraordinary Charges about ingrossing publick Bills, from the 25 April last j and as a Reward for his diligent and faithful Attendance upon the Service of this House, since their last Recess and that the same be and is hereby charged - upon the Arrears of the Grand Excise, due on the Twenty-fifth Day of this Instant December, and paid forthwith unto the said William jejfop, or his Assigns: And the Commissioners for the Excise, and Treasurers appointed for the Receipt of the Arrears of Excise, and every of them, be and are hereby authorized and required to make Payment thereof to the said William jejfop, or his Assigns . accordingly: And the Acquittance or Acquittances of the said, William jejfop, or his Assigns, testilying the Receipt thereof, shall be a sufficient Discharge to the said Commissioners and Treasurers, and every other Person or Persons who shall pay the same.

Ordered, That the Sum of One hundred Pounds of good and lawful Money of England, be and is hereby granted and allowed unto Ralph Esquire, Clerk-

Assistant to this House, for his diligent and faithful Service of this House, since the last Recess and Adjournment of this House ? and that the said Sum of One hundred Pounds be and is hereby charged upon the Arrears of the Grand Excise, due the Twenty-fifth of this Instant . December, and forthwith paid unto the said Ralph Darnall, or his Assigns: And the Commissioners for Excise and Treasurers appointed for Receipt of the Arrears of the Excise, and evoy of them, be and are hereby authorized and required to make Payment thereof accordingly: And the Acquittance or Acquittances of the said Ralph Darnall, teflifying the Receipt thereof, shall be a sufficient Warrant and Discharge to the said Commissioners and Treasurers, and every of them; and to such other Person or Persons as shall pay the same.

Ordered, That the Sum of Sevchty-two Pounds Ten Shillings be and -is hereby allowed unto Jan\es Norfolke Esquire, Serjeant at Arms attending this. House, for his diligent and faithful Attendance on. the Service of this House , and that the same be and is hereby charged on , the Arrears of the Grand Excise, due the Twenty-fifth of ;this Instant December, and forthwith pad unto him, or his Assigns: And the Commissioners of Excise* and Treasurers appointed for the Receipt of the Arrears of Excise, and every of them be and are hereby authorized and required to make Payment thereof accordingly: And the Acquittance or Acquittances of the said James,

testifying the Receipt thereof, shall be a sufficient Warrant and Discharge unto the said Commissioners and Treasurers, and every of them, and to such other Person or Persons as shall pay the same.

Ordered, That the Sum of Twenty-five Pounds oe, and is hereby granted and allowed unto the Under-Clerks of Wm.jejfop Esquire, attending the Service of this

House, for their respective Pains and Service , and the same be and is hereby charged on the Arrears of the M m m Grand

ip

Journals of the House of Commons. A. 1666.

txrand Excise; due the Twenty-fifth Day of this Instant

December* and forthwith pad unto JVm. Jessop Esquire, to be distributed amongst them accordingly: And the Commissioners for Excise, and Treasurers for receiving the Arrears of the Excise* and every of them, be and are hereby authorized and required to make Payment thereof to the said William Jessop, or his Assignees, accordingly: And the Acquittance or Acquittances of the said JVm.

Jessop, or his Assignees, testifying the Receipt thereof, shall be a sufficient Discharge to the said Commissioners and Treasurers* and every of them; and to such other Person or Persons as shall pay the same.

Ordered, That the Sum of Eighty Pounds be and is hereby granted and allowed unto the Under-Officers and Servants of James Northfolke Esquire, Serjeant at Arms attending this House , and that the same be charged on the Arrears of the Grand Excise, due the Twenty-fifth Day of December Instant* and forthwith paid unto them, or their Assigns, respectively; that is to lay, to Edward Cooper, or his Assigns* the Sum of Twenty Pounds unto Richard Nonelly, or his Assigns, the Sum of Fifteen Pounds; unto Tho. Hughs, or his Assigns, the Sum of Ten Pounds; unto George Bragg, for the Children of John Bainham, deceased, the Sum of Ten Pounds; unto John Ince, or his Assigns, the Sum of Five Pounds; and the Sum of Twenty Pounds, Residue of the said Sum of Eighty Pounds, unto the said James Northfolke; to be by him distributed among the rest of his Under-Officers and Servants attending this House: And the Commissioners for Excise, and Treasurers appointed for Receipt of the Arrears of Excise, and every of them, are hereby authorized and required to make Payment of the said several Sums of Money to the respective Persons aforesaid, or their Assigns accordingly: And their respective Acquittances, testifying the Receipt thereof, shall be, to the said Commissioners and Treasurers, a sufficient Warrant and Discharge.

Ordered, That the Sum of One hundred Ninety-nine Pounds Ten Shillings, due and owing unto Tho. Stationer, for Parchment, Pens, Ink, Paper, Standi (lies* attd other Necessaries, by him delivered for the Use of this House, as by a Note of the Particulars delivered in to this Committee, signed by JVm. Jessop Esquire, Clerk of this House, appeared, be arid is hereby charged on the Arrears of the Grand Excise, due on the Twenty-fifth Day

of December Instant, and forthwith paid to the said 'Thomas

Rookes, or his Assigns: And the Commissioners for Ex-

cife, and Treasurers for the Receipt of the Arrears of Excise, and every of them, be and are hereby authorized arid

required to make Payment thereof.to the said Tho.

Rookes, or his Assigns accordingly: And the Acquittance or Acquittances of the said Thomas Rookes, or his Assigns, testifying the Receipt thereof, shall be to the said Commissioners&'f. a sufficient Warrant and Discharge.

Ordered, That the Sum of Ten Pounds be and hereby is granted and allowed to John Tench, for his Service in attending the Committee of publick Debts, as their Clerk , and that the same be charged on the Arrears of the Grand Excise, due Twenty-fifth of December Instant and forthwith paid unto him, or his Assigns: And the Commissioners and Treasurers appointed to receive the Arrears of Excise, and every of them, be and are hereby authorized and required to make Payment thereof accordingly: And

the Acquittance of the said John Ttrtcb, or his Assigns, -testifying the Receipt thereof, shall be a sufficient Discharge to the said Commissioners and Treasurers, and every of them and to every such other Person or Persons as shall

-pay the lame.

Ordered, That the Sum of Three Pounds be, and is hereby granted and allowed to Howard, for keep-

ing the Gallery and Duchy-Chamber for the Service of this House; and that the same be charged on the Arrears of the Grand Excise, due the Twenty-fifth of December Instant, and forthwith paid unto him, or his Assigns: And the Commissioners and Treaforers appointed to receive the Arrears of Excise, and every of them, be and are hereby authorized and required to make Payment thereof 'accordingly: And the Acquittance of the said

Hayward, dr his Assigns,- testifying the Receipt thereof, shall be a sufficient Discharge to the said Commissioners and Treasurers, and every of them; and to every other Person or Persons as shall pay the same.

Ordered, That the Sum of Ten Pounds be and is hereby granted and allowed unto George Vine Clerk to the Committee in the Exchequer-Chamber, for Custom and Excise, Trade and Navigation* and that the same be charged on the Arrears of the Grand Excise, due Twenty-fifth December Instant, and forthwith paid unto him, or his Assigns: And the Commissioners and Treasurers appointed to receive the Arrears of Excise, and every of them, be and are hereby authorized to make Payment thereof accordingly: And the Acquittance of the said George Vine, or his Assigns, testifying the Receipt thereof, shall be a sufficient Discharge to the said Commissioners and Treasurers, and to every such other Person or Persons as shall pay the same.

Ordered, That the Sum of Fifty Pounds be, and is hereby granted unto, and conferred upon, John Ogilby Gentleman (who presented this House with a lair Bible of his own Impression to remain in this House for the Use of this House, and succeeding Parliaments) as a Testimony of their kind Acceptance thereof, and for an Encouragement of his Industry; and that the said Fifty Pounds he and is hereby charged upon the Arrears of the Grand Excise, due on the Twenty-fifth Day of December Instant; and forthwith paid to the said John Ogilby, or his Assigns: And the Commissioners of Excise, and Treasurers appointed to receive the Arrears of Excise, and every of them, be and are hereby authorized and required to make Payment diereof, to the said John Ogilby, or his Assigns, accordingly: And the Acquittance or Acquittances of the said John Ogilby, testifying the Receipt thereof, shall be a sufficient Discharge to the said Commissioners and Treasurers, and every of them; and . to such other Person or Persons as shall pay the same.

Ordered, That Sir Allen B be desired to go to the Lord Chancellor from this House, and present to him the Desire of this House, that he will please to give his belt Furtherance for the speedy passing, under the Great Seal, - the Patent for constituting of Mr. Jessop Clerk of the Commons House of Parliament; being a Person formerly recommended to the King's Majesty by this House, to the said Employment; and a Warrant issued by his Majesty in that Behalf.

The. ingossed Bill, for accompting and levying the Arrears of Excise, was this Day read the Third time.

> ' i <-

Ordered, by the ' and Commons assembled in Parliament, That the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds be and is hereby presented unto his Highness James Duke of Yorke, as a Testimony of the Houses great Respect to his Highness; and that the said Sum of Ten thousand Pounds be and is hereby charged on the Arrears of the Excise, and paid for his said Highness' Use to such Person as he shall appoint to receive the same, in Course, after other Sums charged by former Orders of this Parliament on the Receipt of Excise, shall be satisfied: And the Commissioners of the said Receipt, are hereby authorized and required to make Payment thereof, tp his laid Highness his Assigns accordingly: Whose Acquittance, together with this Order, shall be, to the said Commissioners, a sufficient Warrant and Discharge in this Belialf.

Resolved, That the Lords Concurrence be desired herein: And Mr. Vowell be desired to carry it to die Lords.

Ordered, by the and Commons assembled in Parliament, Thar, as an Evidence of the great Respect which the Houses bear to her Majesty the Queen of Bohemia, there be presented to her said Majesty the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds; which is hereby charged on the Arrears of Excise, due the Twenty-fifth of December Instant ;. and is ordered to be paid to her Majesty's Use, to such Person as lhe shall ii )that Behalf appoint to receive

' the

the fame, in Course, next after the other Sums satisfied, which are charged on the Excise, by former Orders of this present Parliament: And the Commissioners of Excise are impowered and required to pay the same accordingly: And the Acquittance of her said Majesty, or her Assigns, testifying the Receipt thereof, shall be to the said Commissioners a sufficient Warrant and Discharge.

The Lords Concurrence is desired herein: And Sir Ybo. Metres is to carry it to the Lords.

The Question beingput, that, towards the present Relief of the Children or Henry Esquire, heretofore

Clerk of the Commons House of Parliament, (who out of his Loyalty and Duty to his Majesty, and the Publick, deserted his said Employment in the Year 1648, and is since dead, leaving a very small Provision for his Children) there be charged, on the Arrears of Excise, due the Twenty-fifth of December Instant, the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, and paid, for the Use aforesaid, out of the said Receipt, in Course, next after the other Sums shall be satisfied, which are charged on the Excise by former Orders of this Parliament; and the Commissioners of Excise are hereby impowered and required to pay the same accordingly i

The House was divided:

And the Yeas went forth.

Mr. Willoughby, cTellers for the Yeas:)

Sir Rob. Harley, I With the Yeas,

Mr. Monson, cTellers for the Noes:?

Sir Rob. Harley, _ I With the Noes, J

And so the Question passing in the Affirmative;

Resolved, That towards the present Relief of the Chil-. dren of Henry Elfing Esquire, heretofore Clerk of the Commons House of Parliament (who out of his Loyalty and Duty to his Majesty and the Publick, deserted his said Employment in the Year 1648, and is since dead, leaving a very finall Provision for his Children) there be charged, on the Arrears of Excise, due the Twenty-fifth of December Instant, the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, and paid for the Use aforesaid, out of the said Receipt, in Course, next after the other Sums shall be satisfied, which are charged on the Excise by former Orders of this Parliament: And the Commissioners of Excise are hereby impowered and required to pay the same accordingly.

90.

84;

Resolved, That a Candle be brought in to the Table.

Ordered, That the Clerk do prepare, and bring in Tomorrow Morning, a List of all the Sums charged on the Excise, by Orders of this present Parliament.

Friday, xxviii,h December^ 1660.

Prayers.

JDEfolved, That all such Monies which shall appear to be due and in Arrear, at , and other

Port Towns of this Kingdom, for the Quartering, Attendance, and Cure of the sick and wounded Seamen and Soldiers, sent thither from aboard his Majesty's Ships, or from his Majesty's Garrisons in , betwixt the

First of June 1658, and the Fourteenth of March 1658, shall be charged on the Arrears of Excise, and paid upon Certificates, from the Auditors appointed for that Service; who are to examine, state, and certify the same accordingly.

A Bill for raising Two Months Assessments in the City of London, to satisfy the Disbursements and Allowances

about the Militia of that City, was this Day read the Second time.

The Question being put, that this Bill be committed} The House was divided:

And the Yeas went forth.

Mr. Herbert, c Tellers for the Yeas:

Sir Hen. Crofts, \ With the Yeas, f* 92-Sir Win. Doily, c Tellers for the Noes:

Sir Yho. Bludworth, t With the Noes, J 10^‘

And so the Question passed in the Negative.

A Lift of the Names of the Commissioners to be ia-ferted into this Bill was read *,

Resolved, That the said Persons be the Commissioners to be inferred into the Bill; and that the Blank for Commissioners Names be filled up accordingly.

Resolved, That this Bill be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr. Glas-cocke; Two of the Mailers of Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you a Bill, intituled, An Act for making the Precinct of Ccvent-Garden parochial, with divers Alterations and Additions: To Which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Mr. Voweil reports, that, according to the Commands bf this House, he had delivered to the Lords the Order for presenting Ten thousand Pounds to his Highness the Duke of Yorke, charged on the Excise , and that the Lords gave Answer, that they concurred therein.

The Amendments and Provisoes, sent from the Lords, to the Bill for Covent-Garden, were read; and, on the Question, agreed; being as followeth:

1 Skin, Line 8, omit the Word " Government," being the First Word of the 8th Line; and, instead thereof, insert theft Words, " Conveniency of the Inhabitants.'*

Line 12, after the Word Majesty," leave out these Words, " and by i" and, instead thereof, insert " with the Advice and Consent of."

Lines 25, 26, after the Words, " Name of," in the 25 Lane, and before the Word " Covent J* in the 26 Line, insert these Words, " the Parish of St. Pauli* and after the Word " Garden,* in the same Line, omit the Word "Parish."

29 Line, after the Words, " of the," and before the Word " Parish," insert the Word " laid."

33 Line, after the Words, " Parish of," and before the Word " Covent,* insert the Words "

42, after the Words, " Church of," and before the Word " Covent,* insert these Words, "

2 Skin, Line 1, after the Word " Days," and before the Word " after," put in the Word " next."

Line'4, after the Words, " Consent of," leave out all to these Words, " from time to time," in the 5 and 6 Line; and, instead thereof, put in these Words, " the Patron of the said Church of St. Paul Covent-Garden.*

Line 6, after, the Word "able," omit the Word " Divineand, instead thereof, put in the Word " Mi-nifter."

Line 7, after the Word " Successors," leave oilt all to the Words, "And it is further Enacted," Lane 60; and, instead thereof, insert these Words, " And, for the further Maintenance of the said Restor, and for Provision of the said Curate, and other Officers hereafter mentioned, belonging to the said Church-, be it further Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid; That on every Tuesday in EasterWcck there shall be Three Churchwardens, and no more, named for the said Parish. of St. Paul j one whereof

shall be chosen by the said William Earl of , his

: Heirs and Assigns-, another by the said Rector, and his Successors-, and a Third by the Inhabitants, Housholders, of the said Parish, or by the major Number of them and that the yearly Sum of Two hundred and Fifty Pounds shall from thenceforth be charged upon the Houses of the Inhabitants of the said Parish of St. Paul Covent-Garden, except the House commonly called Bedford House, with the Appurtenances-, and shall, within Twenty-eight Days next after the said Yuefday in Easter Week, be assessed by the said'Churchwardens, or any Two of them, after a Pound Rare, according to the improved Value of the yearly Rent of the respective Houses of such Inhabitants: Which laid Assessments shall be confirmed and allowed by the Two next Justices of Peace of and dwelling within the City of Westminster, and the liberties thereof, under their Hands and Seals; and be collected by the Churchwardens aforesaid, or by fucj? Person or Persons whom

1

Journals of the Hotife of Commons. A.

they shall appoint, at the Four usual Feasts, Dr Times of to be taken, then to commit such Person or Persons to Payment, above-mentioned." the common Gaol, without Bail or Mainprize: Which said

3 Skin, Line 2, after the Words " the said," put out Monies shall be disposed of for the respective Uses for all to the Word " shall," in the 3 Line; and, instead which they were assessed. And be it further Enacted, by . thereof, put these Words, "Church-wardens, or any Two the Authority aforesaid, That the Sum of Three hundred of them." and Twelve Pounds Ten Shillings shall, in Manner and

Line 7th, after these Words, "Name of the," and Form, and after the Proportions aforesaid, be assessed upon before the Word " wherein," leave out these Words, the said Inhabitants of by the

" Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Parish ;" and, in- Two next Justices of the Peace for the City and Liberty stead thereof, put in these Words, " said Churchwardens, of; and be levied and collected by them, or

or any Two of them." any Person or Persons whom they shall appoint, for and

Line 9, after the Word " said," and before the Words towards and in full Satisfaction of a Salary for the Mi-, " of them," leave out these Words, " Governors, and nifter, Curate, Clerk, and Sextons, who have officiated their Successors, or any Seven, or more-," and, instead in the said Precinct since St. Thomas Day 1659, or shall thereof, put in " Churchwardens, or any Two." officiate there until Lady Day 1661 , to be distributed after

line 12, 13, after the Word " Pounds," leave out all such Proportions as the said William Earl of Bedford shall to the Words " at the Four," in the 13 Line-, and, direct."

instead thereof, put in the said Sums to be paid to the 3 Skin, Line 33, after the Word " said," leave out laid Rector and Curate by even and equal Portions." all to the W7ords " are hereby authorized," in the 35 15 Lane, after the Word " happen," and before the Line j and, instead thereof, insert these Words, " Church-Word "of," leave out these Words, " after Demand, wardens, or any Two of them." at the Place aforesaid." 3 6 Line, after the Words " Parish of," and before

id Line, after the Words, " as aforesaid," leave out the Word " ," insert these Words, " St. Paul ;"

these Words, " at the Place aforesaid," before the Words and, in the fame Line, after the Word " and

" to be paid." before the Word " for," leave out these Two Words,

17 Line, instead of the Word " Governors," put in " as well."

these Words, " Church-wardens for the Time being, qr 37, 38, after the Word " for,'* leave out all to these

arty Two of them." Words, " the Payment," in the 38 Line.

18 Line, for the Word " Houses," put in the Word 40 Line, after the Word " be," and before the Word

" House;" and, after the Words " of any," in the same " and, " put in these Words, " the said Rate and Assess-

Xane, leave out these Words, " Two of the Governors ment to be made and allowed in Manner as is before ap-

aforesaid;" and, instead thereof, put in these Words, "of pointed, for the raising of the Two hundred Fifty

the said Church-wardens for the Tim? being." Pounds a Year aforesaid."

19 Line, 3 Skin, after the Words, " that then," leave 41 Line, after the Word " the," and before the Word out all to the Word " shall," in the 20 Line; and, m- " Assessments," put in the "Word " said."

stead thereof, insert these Words, the Two next Justices 43 Line, after the Word " said," put out these Words,

of the Peace of and dwelling within the said City of " Governors for the Time being, or any Seven or more;"

Wefimiafier, and the Liberties thereof." and, instead thereof, insert these Words, " Church-ward-

21. Line, after thsWord" Ait," and before the Wond ens, or any Two."

" and, " put in these Words; " and shall or may cause Line, after these Words, " by them, or any," leave the said Church-wardens, who shall fail to make Payment out the Words, "Seven or more; ' and, instead thereof, as aforesaid, to be imptifoned, till Payment be made of put in the Word " Two;" and after these Words, " of what shall be so behind." them," in the same Line, leave out " in the Vestry

xx Line, after the Word " he," and before the Word upon publick Warning assembled."

raised," put in the Word " yearly." 50 Line, leave out the Proviso to the End of the Bill;

Z3 Line, after the Word " of," and before the Word andput, instead thereof, the Proviso following: "Provided " Covent," insert these Words, "< the said Parish of always. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the St. Paulf* and, in the fame Line, after the Word Overseers of the Poor, and Surveyors for the Highways of

" Pounds," and before? the Word " be," put in the Word the said Parish of St. s, and the Church-wardens of

" shall;" and, in the same Line, after the Word " em- the Parish of St. Paul inCovent-Garden, to assess and collect -ployed," and hefore the Word "for," put in these of the Inhabitants of the Parish of St. Paul Covent-Garden, Words, by the said Church-wardens, or any Two of for Relief of the Poor, and Reparation of Highways, all them." such Rates and Taxes, as the Overseers for the Poor, and

24. Line, after the Word Salaries," leave out all to the Surveyors for the Highways, of St. Martin's Parish,

Words " And be it further," in the 32 Line ;. and, in- might have done before the.making of this Act; any thing

stead thereof, insert these Words, " for a Clerk and Two in this Adjt to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. Sextons, to be yearly nominated by the aforesaid Earl of Provided also, and be it Enabled, That neither this Act, Bedford, his Heirs and Assigns, and by the said Redior nor any thing therein contained, shall extend to invalidate fop the Time being: Which said Sum of Fifty Pounds shall or avoid any Ecclesiastical Law or Constitution of the

be distributed according to the Directions of him the said Church of England; nor to destroy any of the Rights or

Earl, his Heirs and Assigns; and of the said Rector and Powers belonging to the Bishop of or his Suc-

his Successors. And it is farther Enacted, by the Au- cessors; but that he and they may now, and at all times thority aforesaid, That if any Person, or Persons have hereafter, visit, institute, and exercise Ecclesiastical Juris-herctofope, by virtue-of any Authority, or any pretended diction, in the said Parish of St. Paul Covent Garden, as Authority, whatsoever, received any Sums of Money, amply as he or they may in other Parishes within the

heretofore assessed on any of the Inhabitants of the said Diocese of ."

Farifhof St. Paul Covent-Garden, or have, in his Hands, The Messengers being called in, Mr. Speaker gave any such Sums not paid; that then it shall and may be them Answer;

lawful to and for any Two Justices of the Peace for the The House have considered of your Message; and of City and Liberty of Westminster, to call such Person and the Amendments to the Bill for Covent Garden; and do Persons to an Account-: And, in case they shall refuse or concur therein, neglect to pay such Monies, as shall appear to the said

Two Justices to be in the Hands of any such Person or Mr. Bodarda reports, that, according to the Order of Persons aforesaid, unaccounted for, and unpaid; then it this House, he delivered to the Lords House Yesterday shall and may be lawful to and for the said Two Justices the Bill concerning Wine-Licences, to levy the same by Distress; and, in Default of a Distress

5 Mr.

I~ a

Mr. Brampflon reports, that, according to the Order

of this House, he delivered to the House of Peers the Bill for Encouragement of the Fishing Trade.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to the King's Majesty One Month's Assessment, commencing the Day of next, was this Day read the Third time and, on the Question, passed.

Resolved, That the Title of this Bill be. An Act for the raising of Seventy thousand Pounds for the further Supply of his Majesty.

Ordered, That this Bill be carried to the Lords: And Sir Wm. Lewes is to carry it to the Lords: And he is desired to put the Lords in mind of the Bill to restrain the Exportation of Wool -, and That for endowing Vicarages.

Amendments, sent down from the Lords, to the Act Tor Provision of Monies, for the disbanding and paying-off the Forces of this Kingdom both by Land and Sea* was read first at large; and after read with the Coherence; the Amendments being as followeth:

1 Skin, 16 Line, after the Word " Exemption," leave out the Words " by Privilege."

17 Line, after the Word " Servants," and before the Word " to," leave out the Words " or otherwise."

27 Line, instead of the first Word " Two," read " Three."

4oLine, instead of the Word "Two," read " Three." 49 Line, after the Word " have," and before the Word " been," put in these Words, " before the Sitting of this Parliament."

51 Line, leave out the Interlineation " whether Peers or Commons."

68 Line, instead of the Word "Two," read " Three.'*

- 2 Skin, 21 Line, instead of the Word " Two," read " Three."

, 23 Line, leave out the Interlineation " other than the peers of this Realm."

49 Lane, to leave out die Proviso concerning the Peers; to add the Addition instead thereof.

The 1 ft and ad Amendment, 1 Skin, i6vLine and 17 Line, were read:

Resolved, That this House doth adhere to the Bill, as formerly it was, without these Amendments.

( The Amendments in the 27, 40, and 49 Lines were read , and, being severally put to the Question, were agreed unto.

The Amendment in the 51 Line was read:

Resolved, That this House doth adhere to the Bill as it was formerly sent to the Lords without this Amendment.

The Amendments in the 68 Line, and 2 Skin, 21 Line, were read and, on the Question, agreed unto.

The Amendment in the 23 Line was read:

Resolved., That this House doth adhere to the Bill as it Was formerly sent to the Lords, without this Amendment, The Amendment 49 Line was read:

Resolved ', That this House doth adhere to the Bill as it went from this House to the Lords, without this Amendment.

The Proviso, sent down from the Lords, was read: The Question being put, to agree to the Proviso sent ^own by the Lords

It passed with the Negative.

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords ppon the Amendments to the said Bill: And Mr. Tong is to carry this Message to the Lords: And also to desire their Lordships, from this House, to fit in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Lord , Mr. , Mr.

Bampfeild, Sir Henage Finch, Sir John , Serjeant

Glyn, Sir Tho. Widdrington, Mr. , Mr.

Mr. Hollis, Sir Edw. Turner, Serjeant , be the

Committee to manage the said Conference.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Child and Mr. Glafcocke, Two of the Masters of Chancery j

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you a Bill, intituled, An Act for the disappropriating of the Rectory appropriate of Preston, and uniting and consolidating of the said Rectory, and of the Vicarage of the Church of Preston , and for the alluring the Advowson and Right of Patronage of the same unto the Mailer, Fellows, and Scholars, of Emanuell College in , and their Successors; together with several Additions and Alterations: To which they do desire the Concurrence of this House.

They likewise signify, that they agree with this House in the Bill concerning the Earl of Cleveland, as it was amended by this House.

They do also agree with this House, in the Bill concerning Wine-Licences.

Sir William Lewes carried to the Lords the Bill for railing Seventy thousand Pounds, for further Supply of his Majesty.

Ordered, That Sir William Lewes be desired to put the Lords in mind of returning back to this House the Bill concerning Wine-Licences.

The Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill cohcerning the Rectory of Preston, in the County of Suffolk, were read; and, on the Question, agreed; being as followeth:

3 Skin, Line 15, after the Word " that," and before the Word " the," leave out " William Munningsand after the Word " now," in the same Line, and before the Word " Incumbent," add " true and lawful."

22 Line, instead of " William Mannings" read " lawful Incumbent."

4 Skin, 12 Line, instead of ''William Munnings,'* read " lawful Incumbent."

5 Skin, 16, 17 Lines, leave out " William Munnings theand after the Word " now," and before the Word " Incumbent," put in the Word " lawful."

Last Skin, 19 Line, after the Word " to," and before the Word " all," add these Words, " the King's most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and.Successors, and to."

The Messengers being called in, Mr. Speaker gave them this Answer,

The House have considered of your Message; and of the Amendments to the Bill concerning Preston , and do concur with the Lords therein.

Mr. Tong makes Report, that he had attended the

Lords with the Message from this House, and the Lords Answer; That they will give a present Conference with this House in the Painted Chamber, upon the Bill for supplying the Defects of the Bill for Poll-Money: And, also, that they will fit in the Afternoon.

Sir Tho. Meeres reports, that, according to the Command of this House, he had delivered to the Lords the Order for presenting Ten thousand Pounds to the Queen of Bohemia; and that their Lordships answered, by the Lord Chancellor,' that they concurred therein.

The Hopfe adjourns till Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Friday, xxviii ‘December, 1660, foji Meridiem.

A Letter to the Clerk of this House from the Commissioners for the Excise, dated this present Day, was read. ' ‘;

Two Lifts, which were inclosed in the said Letter; , one intituled, An Account of Monies charged by this Parliament upon the Receipts of Excise, which are paid; the other intituled, An Account of Monies, remaining ftiil ftiarged upon the Excise by this Parliament, which are not paid } were also read,

' *-Nnri *, A Lift

» , ..

A Lift of die Debts, charged on the Excise by Orders ‘ of this House, in the Method wherein they were charged!, with some other Sums mentioned in the Lift from the Commissioners of Excise, was read; being as followeth:

Pounds, together with Interest

To the Executors of his late Highness Henry Duke of , together

with Interest ——

To Denham Esquire, his Majesty's

Sum was Backwell

advanced by Alderman

Ed. Backwell ——

To her Majesty the Queen of mia, together with Interest; being advanced by Alderman Edw. Backwell -To her Highness the Princess Henrietta Maria, together with Interest —

Remainder of 7978/. 9 the S

of — —

To Henry Peeke Esquire ——

To Sir Thomas Dacres Knight —

To Colonel Anthony Bailer ——

To RowlandLapghorne Esquire —

To Tho. Lodington , being advan

by Alderman Edw. Backwell ——

To Henry Symball —

Honywood, together with Interest To Colonel John and

Macocke, Printers ——

To Francis Windham Esquire To Mr. Wm. Ash, Treasurer for the Hospitals of the Savoy and Ely

House ——

To Mrs. Dorothy Seymour — — To Sir Edward Majfey Knight —

To Sylas Tytus Esquire ——

To Mrs. Jane Lane ——

To his Highness the Duke of Tor he To her Majesty the Queen of Bohemia To Dttszill Hollis Esquire, Sir Win. Lewes Knight, and Tho. Povey Efcp. or their Assigns, for the Use of the

ceased

To Colonel Edward Harley, Governor

jovernor 1 f 84001.

/. J s. d.

> 2157 2 II

O O O O O

| 5000 O O

fIOOOO O O

J |10000 O O

|10000 O O

Y 597s 8 9

J 3443 12 5\

250 0 0

343* 16 10

JOOOO 0 0

} 3450 0 0

1387 18 io

J 2200 0 0

} 5*8 l3 3

1000 6 0

O O »-« 0 0

3 571 0 0

3000 0 0

3000 0 0

1000 0 0

10000 0 0

10000 0 0

; 5°° p 0

J > 7200 0 0

of Dankirk, the Remainder of for the Use of that £rarrifon

To the several Persons, to whom any Sums of Money shall appear to be due, for1 the Quartering, Cure, and Attendance, of lick and wounded Seamen and Soldiers, lent from aboard his Majesty's Ships, or from his Majesty's Garriforis in Flanders, to Dover, Harwich, or other Port-Towns of this Kingdom, such several and respective Sums as shall be stated and certified by the Auditors, to whom the Rating of Accompts of that Nature is referred, to have incurred and become due fromarid after the First of June 1658; and to or before the 14th of March 1658,

Resolved, That the Sums, mentioned In the said Edftj-be charged on the Arrears. of Excise, in.Course, and forfeited into the Bill for levying the said Arrears.

Resolved, That, Tomorrow Morning, a List be brought in of such of the Debts, reported 1 May last, from the late Council of State, t(o be by them charged oh several Trealbries, and allowed by this House, as do still remain unsatisfied; and that the Debts, so remaining unpaid, shalt be charged on the Arrears of Excise.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Child and Mr. Two Matters of Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a present free Conference with the Members of this House, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Matter of the last Conference.

Resolved, That a free Conference be granted, as is dc-fired.

The Messengers being called in again, Mr. Speaker gave them this Answer;

The House have considered of your Message; and dor agree to a present free Conference, as is desired.

Resolved, That the Committee 'who managed the former Conference do manage this Conference.

Saturday, xxixth D, 1660.

Prayers.

THE Lord Valentiareports the Effect of the Con-> ference had last Nighr with the Lords, upon their Amendments to the Bill for supplying the Defeats of the Poll- Bill:

That their Lordships delivered their former Proviso, with feme Alteration; being, with the Alteration, as followeth:

" Provided always, and be it Enabled, That this Act, or any thing therein contained, shall not extend to any Peer of this Realm, in point of Assessment, imprisonment, Distress, or otherwise; Provision being made, in the said first recited Act, for the afieffing of the said Peers, by certain Peers who are therein named and appointed in that Behalf. And be it further Enacted, That the Lord Chancellor, Lord Treasurer, the Lord Steward of his Majesty's Houshold, Lord Chamberlain of his Majesty's Houshold, the Earl of Northampton, Lord Howard of Charlton, the Lord Roberts, the Lord Grey of Warke, the Lord Craven, the Lord Mobun, and the Lord H; be‘ added to the Peers

named in the said first recited Act for the Afielfing of tfo* Peers, according to the said recited Act

And so these Words were struck ouf by the Lords froffli the Proviso, as it first came down; viz.

The Committee infilling upon it, that there was P<J Obligation on the Lords Cotr.missioners for the Peers to assess the Petrs; they returned into- their House: And after, delivered an Addition to the said Proviso, in Paper* as followeth:

" Which laid Lords Commissioners, or any Five of them, in this and the former Act named, shall have Power to assess, levy, and collect, all such Sums of Money as shall be assessed, according to the Tenor of this and the former Act, upon such Peers who have not pad proportionably to their Estates '

' So, with that Addition, they adhered as formerly; expressing themselves forty, that there having been hitherto so good a C.orrespondence betwixt the Houses, they should be now fafpefted, in this House; taking notice, that, in the late Times of Misery, they suffered as much as any j and hope nothing shall be done to the Prejudice of their Privileges; adding, that they hope they shall be ready to drain themselves as for as this House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to this Proviso* with the Amendments.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to all the other Amendments to this Bill, which were font from the Lords, and in which this House did formerly adhere.

Resolved,'That Sir John Holland be desired to go to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House doth concur with their Lordships, in the Amendments to the Bill for fiipplying the Defefls to the Poll- Bill, as they were delivered at the last Conference; and to put-their Lordships in mind of thq Bill for encouraging the Eishing Trade.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Child and , Twq Mailers of Chancery j

Mr.

ic

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have Tent you the Bill for railing Seventy thousand Pounds for his Majesty's further Supply-, with Addition of a Proviso: To which the Concurrence of this House is desired.

They have likewise returned the Act concerning Wine-Licences, according to the Desire of this House.

The Proviso, from the Lords, to the Bill for Seventy thousand Pounds, was read y being as followeth:

" Provided always, That this Act, nor any thing therein contained, shall be drawn into Example, to the Prejudice of the ancient Rights belonging to the Peers of this Realm And, on the Question, was agreed unto.

Memorandum, This Proviso was annexed to the Bill next before the Clause for additional Commissioners.

Mr. Speaker did this Day deliver in Three Letters, directed to himself, with Three Petitions inclosed in them: viz. Two from William Howl, Prisoner in Newgate , and the other from Sir James Harrington.

The Messengers being called in again, Mr. Speaker gave them Answery

The House have considered of your Message y and of the Proviso sent from the Lords y and to the Bill for One Month's Assessmenty and do agree to the said Proviso.

Ordered, That Mr. Bulkley do go to the Lords, and desire them to give Dispatch to the Bill for Augmentation of poor Vicarages.

Sir "Thomas Clergis reports, from the Committee for Rating the Debts of the Navy and Army, and other publick Debts of this Kingdom, That, upon Examination of" the Accounts of Colonel William Lockart, concerning the Garrison of Donkerke, itappeareth to this Committee, that there is due to the said Colonel from the

Sixteenth of February (which was the Time of the Re-fticution of the secluded Members) to the First of June (which was the Time of the said Lockart*& leaving of that Garrison) the Sum of Seven thousand Three hundred Fifty-seven Pounds Five Shillings Eight-pence.

He also presents a Report from the Committee, to whom the publick Debts are referred, the Opinion of the said Committee, upon Consideration of the Petition of Sir Andrew Dicke and John J for the Debt of Sir William Dicke, deceased, and of Gbrijlian , one of

the Creditors, That the Sum of Two thousand Pounds be paid to Sir Andrew Dicke and John JouJfey, for the present Support of the distressed Family of Sir William Dicke -, and that One thousand Pounds be paid -to Mrs. Christian English, one of the Creditors of Sir William Dicke and that the before-mentioned Sum of Two thousand Pounds, and this One thousand Pounds, be in Discharge of so much of the Debt of the said Sir William Dicke.

Rejohed, That the several Sums of Two thousand Pounds and One thousand Pounds be and are hereby charged on the Arrears of Excise, due the Twenty-fifth of December Instant, and paid as followeth y that is to lay, the Sum of Two thousand Pounds to Sir Andrew Dicke and John Joicjjey, for the present Support of tihe distressed Family Of Sir Wm. Dicke, deceased y and the said Sum of One thousand Pounds to Christian English, Widow,-one of the Creditors of the said Sir William Dicke, in Course, alter the Sums charged by former Orders of this Parliament on the Excise shall be fattsfied: And the Commissioners, Treasurers, or other Persons* who are or shall be employed for Receipt of the said Arrears of Excise, art impowered and required to pay the same accordingly: And this Order, with the respective Acquittances of, the said Persons testifying the Receipt thereof, Until' be to the said Commissioners, and other Persons, a sufficient Warrant and Discharge.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Child and , Two Matters of Chancery y

x

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have here lent you a Bill, intituled, An Act for prohibiting the Exportation of Wool, Wool-fells &c y to which their Loraships have made several Alterations and Amendments y and desire the Concurrence of this House.

The Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill prohibiting the Exportation of Wool, were read y and, upon the Question, agreed unto y the same being as followeth:

I Skin, icy Line, instead of " Five-and-twent'u;th Day of December" read " Fourteenth Day of January.'*

23 Line, after the Word " Wales" and before the Word " or," put in these Words, " or Town of Barwicke upon Tweed"

33 Line, after the Word " Ireland," and before the next Word " or," put in these Words, " or Town of Barwicke"

37 Line, after the Word " Ireland" and before the Word " lftes," put in thele Won.is, " Town of Barwicke."

39 Line, after the Word " Irelcmd" and before the Word " files," put in these Words, " Town of Barwicke".

43 Line, instead of " Five-ancfitwentieth Day of December," read Fourteenth of January."

45 Line, after the Word " Wales," and before the next Word " or," put in these Words, " or Town of Barwicke."

48 Line, after the Word " aforesaid," leave cut all to the Word "and," in the 2d Skin, the 12 Line y and, instead thereof, put in these Words, " That all and every the Offender and Offenders, Offence and Offences aforesaid, shall be subject and liable to the respective Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, hereafter following , that is to say, the said Sheep, Wools, Wool-fells, Mortlings, Shorlings, Yarn made of Wool, Wool-Flocks, Fullers-Earth, and Fulling-Clay, so exported, transported, carried, conveyed, packed, or loaden, contrary to the true Intent of this Act, shall be forfeited y and that every Offender and Offenders therein shall forfeit Twenty Shillings for every such Sheep, and Thrtt Shillings'for every Pound Weight of such Wool* Wool-fells, Mortlings, Shorlings, Yarn made of Wool, Wool-Flocks, Fullers-Earth, or Fulling1-Clay y and also the Owners of the said Ships or Vessels, knowing such Offence, shall forfeit all their Interests in the said Ships or Vessels, with all their Apparel and Furniture to them and every of them belonging y and that the Matter and Mariners thereof, knowing such Offence, <apd wittingly and willingly aiding and assisting the reunto, shall forfeit all their Goods and Chattels, and have Imprisonment for the Space of Three Months, without Bail or Main prize: The one Moiety of which said Penalties and Forfeitures shall be to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors y and the other Moiety to him that will fuc for the same by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, or before; die Justices of Assize, or in die General Quarter-Seffions of the Peace y in which Suit.no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, mail be allowed. And be it further Enacted, That if any Merchant, or other Person or Persons, shall, after the said Fourteenth Day of transport, or cause to be transported, any Sheep, Wool, Wool-fells, MortEngs, Shotlings, Woollen Yam, Wool-Flocks, Fullers-Eatthj 'or Fulling-Clay, contrary to the true Intent of this Act* ind be thereof lawfully convictedy that then he shall be disabled to require any Debt or Account of an^ Factor' or others, for or concerning any Debt or Eftaoe property belonging to such Offender. Provided always* and it is nevertheless Declared, That this Act, or any thing therein contained*, shall not be con-llrued to take away any greater Pains or-Penalties inflicted, or to be mfiifted^ for any the Penalties aforesaid, by virtue of any former Act of Parliament now in Force."

2 Skin, 20 Line, -the Clause beginning with the Word " Provided, and ending with the Word " Law" in the 23 Line, to be left out.

24 Line, after the WordOffence," put in the Wotd " aforesaid,'

25 Line,

2 5 Line, leave out the Words " made Felony by this Act."

25 and 2 6Lines, instead of the Words " thereof in-disted," put in the Word " prosecuted."

29 Line, after the Word " Behoof," and before the next Word " all," put in these Words, " and to the Use of the King, his Heirs and Successors."

34 Line, after the Word " Ireland" and before the Word " Illes," put in these Words, " Town of wicke."

39 and 40 Lines, instead of the Words " and absolute Properties," put in the Word " Moiety."

42 Line, after the Words " allowed to," and before the Word " give/* leave out thele Words, " prosecute, or to."

44 Line, after the Word " questioned," and before the Word " by," leave out these Words, " or arraigned, or tried for Felony."

60 Line, after the Word " Ireland" and before the Word " Illes," put in these Words, " or Town of wicke."

3 Skin, 16 Line, after the Word " in-

stead of the Words " Six hundred," read " Two thousand."

The same Line, after the Word " and be-

fore the Word " Alderney," leave put the Word " with," and put in these Words, " One thousand Tods, and no more, of uncombed Wool, and unto;" and after the Word " Alderney," put in these Words, " Two hundred

Tods, and no more, of uncombed Wool."

17 Line, after the Word " and, " and before the Word " Sarke," put in the Word " unto /* and after the Word " Sarke" and before the Word " hundred," leave out the Word " Six," and put in the Word " One."

24 Line, leave out the Words " Six hundred /* and, instead thereof, read " Two thousand."

28 Line, after the Word " of," and before the Word "Guernsey" leave out the Words " Jersey or."

30 Line, leave out the Words " Six hundred Tods/' and, instead thereof, read " One thousand Tods for

fey , Two hundred Tods for , and One hundred

Tods for Sarke"

The Messengers being again called in, Mr. Speaker gave them this Answer;

The House have considered of your Message, and the Amendments you brought down to the Bill to prohibit the Transportation of Wool fcfr; and they do agree to all the Amendments.

The Lord Angler reports, from the- Committee for stating the Debts of the Army and Navy, and other publick Debts of the Kingdom, the State of the Debt due to Mr. Davies:

In pursuance of an Order of the House of Commons, of the Eighteenth of December 1660, this Committee have taken into Consideration the Petition of John , of

Carickfergus in the Kingdom of Ireland, Esquire; and; upon Examination of the Matter contained in the said Petition, do find j

That there is due to the said Mr. Da- vies, by an Alignment from Sir Arthur Blundell, which was due to him by Ordinance of Parliament, dated 22 August . 1648, and charged upon the Excise, be-. / ing for Money, Plate, and Goods, delivered to the Lord Castle, Steward, for the Use of the Garrison of Fort Falkland in Ireland ----- ----- — . —

/. s. 940 3

d,

For Interest for 7500l. lent for the Service of Ireland, Anno 1646, on the

Credit of an Ordinance, dated 23 May 1646, whereby the Interest of Monies so lent was appointed to be paid, the Sum

11197 4

K

For Monies paid to Colonel Alger-' non Sydney, upon the Alignment of an

Order of the Committee for the Affairs of Ireland, dated the 19 October 1648,

for Service by him done in the Years 1646 and 1647, the Sum of 1809/.

13 s. 8 d j of which unpaid ——

And for Monies disbursed to Persons appointed to assist the Collectors in bringing in 69,480/. 2d. 3 upon the several Assessments for Ireland, for which Six-pence per Pound was allowed by an Order of the Committee for the Affairs of Ireland, dated 21 September 1648, the Sum of ——

1298

d.

) 1737 o ©

In all due to the said Mr. Davies $172. 11

"7

Upon Consideration of the whole Matter, it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sums herein contained be reported to the House, as a due Debt to the aforesaid John Davies.

The Question being put, that this House doth agree with the Committee, that the Sum in the Report mentioned, and claimed by Mr. John Davies, be taken as a publick Debt; and ought to be taken care of j The House was divided:

The Yeas went forth.

Lord Angier, j Tellers for the Yeas:

Mr. Palmer,

Mr. Thomas,

Sir Hen. Cholmtey,

So it passed with the Negative.

I With the Yeas,

C Tellers for the Noes: 1 I With the Noes, I

82.

108.

The humble Petition of Maurice Gardner was read:

Resolved, That the Sum of One hundred Pounds be and is hereby allowed to the Petitioner *, and that the same be charged upon the Arrears of the Excise, and paid, in Course, to the said Maurice Gardner, or his Assigns, after the other Sums charged on. the Excise by former Orders of this Parliament, shall be satisfied: And the Commissioners, Treasurers, and other Persons, who shall receive the said Arrears, are hereby impowered and required to pay the same accordingly: And this Order, with the Acquittance of the said Maurice Gardner, or his Assigns, testifying the Receipt thereof, shall be to the said Commissioners, Treasurers, or other Person who shall pay the same, a sufficient Warrant and Discharge.

The humble Petition of One hundred and odd same Soldiers, Widows, and Orphans, which continually attend the House Door, and which were set out under the Command of the Earl of Essex, for the King and Parliament j was this Day read j and laid aside.

The humble Petition of the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens, of the City of London, Governors of Christ-Hospital, was read:

Ordered, That the Sum of Seven thousand Four hundred Twenty-seven Pounds Thirteen Shillings, given by Richard Aldworth Esquire, deceased, be charged upon the Arrears of Excise due the Twenty-fifth of December Instant, and paid to the said Governors, or their Assigns, in Course, after the other Sums shall be satisfied, which are charged on the Arrears of Excise by former Orders of this present Parliament: And the Commissioners, Treasurers, or. other Person or Persons who shall receive the said Arrears, are hereby authorized and required to pay the same accordingly: And this Order, together with die Acquittance of the said Governors, or their Assigns, shall be to the said Commissioners, Treasurers, and ©.her Person or Persons who shall pay the same, a sufficient Warrant and Discharge.

The

a

The humble Petition of divers poor Persons, whose Relations, or themselves, were in Captivity before 1642, was read.

Ordered, That the Restriction on the Order of this House, of the Twentieth of December Instant, whereby Ten thousand Pounds is granted for Redemption of Persons now in Captivity, who were taken in English Ships since 1642, be taken off; and that the Petitioners have equal Relief with the other Captives in that Order mentioned, out of the said Sum of Ten thousand Pounds ordered to the said Captives: And that the said Ten thousand Pounds be charged, in Course, upon the Arrears of the Excise, after the Monies charged thereupon by former Orders of this Parliament shall be satisfied.

Resolved, That the House do go on with the Bill for bringing in the Arrears of the Excite.

The ingrossed Bill for collecting and levying the Arrears of Excise, with the Lift of Debts charged thereon by the Vote of Yesterday in the Afternoon, was read.

Resolved, That the Lift of additional Debts, charged on the Arrears of Excise, be ingrossed into the Bill.

Resolved, That this be the Title of the Bill , viz. An Act for collecting and levying the Arrears of Excise.

A Proviso was tendered to this Bill; That the said Commissioners for Accompts, or any Three or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority, in Manner and Form as aforesaid, to take, examine, and state the Accompts of the late Collectors and Commissioners for Prize-Goods; and of all other Collectors, Treasurers, and other Persons whatsoever, accountable to the Public, excepted out of, and not pardoned by, the general Act of Indemnity and Oblivion, made this Parliament; and to levy all such Sum and Sums of Money, and other Arrears, which they shall find due, upon the Hating of their respective Accompts in such Manner as is before expressed; to be paid unto and issued out by the Treasurers aforesaid, for and towards the Discharge of the Debts of the Navy: And that the Sum of One thousand Pounds, which shall be first raised out of the Arrears of Prize-Goods, shall be issued and paid out, by the Treasurers aforesaid, for and towards the Redemption of such English Seamen, taken in English Vessels, as are now in Captivity under the ‘Turks and Moors; and to the Use of other Englisho Captives, their Widows or Children, formerly redeemed from Captivity by themselves or their Friends, in hopes to be reimbursed out of the Duty of the Moiety of One per Cent', (levied for that End, since diverted to pay and top-ply the Navy); in such Proportions, as the said Commissioners for Accompts, upon Examination of their respective Catos, Conditions, and Necessities, shall think fit: Whose Acquittances and Receipts for the said Sums, or any Part thereof, shall be a fufikient Discharge to the said Treasurers.

The House being informed, that the Usher of the Black Rod was at the Door, he was called in -, and, making Three several Obeyfances, as is usual, delivered this Message;

Mr. Speaker,

The King hath commanded me to call you, and the rest of the Members of this House, pretently to him into the House of Lords.

The Speaker, and the rest of the Members of this House accompanying him, went to the Lords House accordingly; Mr. Speaker carrying with him the Bills following, (being passed both Houses); The Bill for Six Months Assessments: The Bill for raising Seventy thousand Pounds for further Supply of his Majesty: The Bill for levying the Arrears of Assessments: The Bill for establishing the Poll-Office: The Bill for Wine-Licences; and The Bill for supplying the Defects of the Poll- Bill.

Mr. Speaker, and the Members of this House, being come into the House of Peers, and his Majesty toating himself in his Royal Chair of State, Mr. Speaker, after an eloquent Oration, presented the Bills by him carried up: To which, with some others, his Majesty gave his Royal Assent: And, after that, was pleased to make a

4

gracious Speech to both I loufes of Parliament, there af-tembled, to the Tenor following;

My Lords and Gentlemen,

" T Will not entertain you with a long Dif ourto; the

Sum of all I have to lay to you bung but to give you Thanks, very hearty Thanks: And, I allure you, I find it a very difficult Work to satisfy Myself in my own K.'C-pressions of those Thanks, personctory Thanks. Ordinary Thanks for ordinary Civilities are ealiiy given; but when the Heart is as foil as Mine is, it is a Labour to thank you. You have taken great Pains to oblige Me; and therefore it cannot be caiy lor Me to express the Sente I have of it."

" I will enlarge no further to you, on this Occufion, than to tell you, that, when God brought Me hither, I brought with Me an extraordinary Afri dtion and Elleem for Parliaments. I need not tell you, how much it is improved by your Carriage towards Me. You have outdone ali the good and obliging Acts of your Predecessors towards tire Crown: And, therefore, you cannot but believe My Heart is exceedingly enlarged with the Acknowledgment. Many former Parliaments have had particular Denominations, from what they have done; they have been fty led Learned, and Unlearned; and some times have had worte Epithets:

I pray let us all resolve, that This be for ever called The Healing and the Elefffod Parliament."

" As 1 thank you, though not enough, for what you have done; so I have not the lead Doubt, (by the Biofiing of God) but, when I shall call the next Parliament, (which I shall do as soon as you can reasonably expect or desire) I shall receive your Thanks, for what I have done since I parted with you: For I deal truly with you, I shall not more propoto any one Rule to Myself, in My Actions and My Councils, than this; What is a Parliament like to think of This Action, or This Council ? And it shall be want cf Understanding in Me, if it will not bear That Test."

"I shall conclude with This, which I cannot say too often, nor You too often where you go. That, next, to the mi-, raculous Blessing of God Almighty, and, indeed, as an immediate Effect of That Bluffing, I do impute the good Dispoiitiun and Security we arc ail in, to the happy Act of Indemnity and Oblivion: That is the principal Corner-stone which top ports this excellent Building -, That creates Kindness in us lo each other0 and Confidence in our joint and common Security. You may be sure, I will r.ot only obforve it rdigioufiy and inviolably Myself, but also exact the Observation of it tioin others. And, if any Person should ever have the Boldnds to attempt to per-toade Me to the contrary, he will find such an Acceptation from Me, as He would have,-who should persuade Me to burn Magna Chari a, cancel all the old Laws, and to erect a new Government alter Mine own Invention and Appetite."

" There are many other Particulars which I will not trust My own Memory with, but will require the Chancellor to say the rest to you."

After which the Lord Chancellor made an eloquent Oration to both Houses; and concluded it thus:

" I have no more to add, but tire Words of Custotn That the King declares this present Parliament to be dissolved: And this pre-font Parliament is dissolved."

A Report was prefonted to the House on the 18 th Day of December Instant, by Colonel Birch: Which is here entered; and is as followeth:

" At the Committee, to whom the Bill for Excise was referred

Ordered, That Colonel Birch do report the Bill for

Foreign and Inland Excise."

Ordered, That Colonel Birch do report to the House

all the Debts charged upon the Excise, by the Lords and Commons, before the Seventh Day of December 1648, and yet unsatisfied; except such as- were payable to any of the Persons excepted in the Act of Oblivion; in order to be inserted into the Bill of Foreign and Inland Excise."

O o o,

Journals of the House of Commons. A. 1660.

Ordered, That Colonel Birch do like wife report a

Lift of Debts, charged by this Parliament, and yet unfa-tisfied, to be inferred in the said Bill; that is to say. Upon one Ordinance of Parliament, dated the Thirteenth Day of May 1647; the several Si Viz.

To Thomas Walker ——

To Alderman Thomas Atkin —

To Thomas Couch ——

To John Moody —

To Simon Ash and Anthony Tuckney To Alderman William Gibbs —

To Alderman John Langbam

To James Clerkeand Michael Warren —

To John Clarke ——

To John Gellebrand ——

To Wm. Hall ——

To John Scudamore

To Francis Drake and John Wollfris

To John Gace ——

To Alderman Samuel Avery —

To Alderman Thomas Foote ——

To Thomas Harrott

To Alderman Richard Chiverton To Deputy Thomas Arnold —

To Wm. Marsh

To Thomas Barnes

To Laurence Brinley ——

To George Fox croft ——

To John Babington —

To Sir Thomas Viner ——

To Mary Pinchin ——

To Edward Vaughan

To Mark Hildftey-

To Siriacb Skinner — — — To John Marsh —

To Alderman Tempest Milner To Maurice Gething -

To Edward Hallbrooke To Valentine Bootbby To Samuel Foote -

To Alderman Richard King

To Thomas Barnes ——

To Sir Thomas Viner ——

To Charles George —

To Alexander Bence ——

To William Rowell ——

To John Gregory ——

To Wm. White To Jane Harwood — -

To George Foxcroft ——

To Elizabeth Reynolds To James Campion -To Wm. Benson To William Burr owes To Maurice Gething

To Elizabeth and Robert Bellamy

To John Ne Ithr of-

To Thomas Ashwell ——

To John Bolton ——

To Aquila Garfeild ——

To Gunter Morrell ——

To John Nelthrope ——

To Peter Newton ——

To Christopher Packe ——

To Andrew Vanley ——

To Wm. Beake —

To William Beake ——

To John Cutler ——

To Edward Smith ——

To Alderman Tempest Milner To George Foxcroft —

To Dame Ann Moulfonn To Sir Anthony Bateman —

To Sir William Bateman To Sir Anthony Bateman —

5

following

I. s. d.

252 IO O

*489 16 8

48 15 10

470 12 4

460 0 0

485 19 4

531© 7 8

805 16 0

381 8 0

224 8 4

154 14 4

218 6 0

616 11 0

227 16 0

*9 10 0

*437 *7 8

536 3 0

450 14 0

736 16 4

103 IO 10

802 8 8

820 5 4

10 0 0

525 8 i

i3°4 14 8

76 7 4

' 559 12 6

125 18 6

1166 14 8

274 0 0

271 0 0

141 9 6

52 11 8

2500 0 0

42 0 0

290 10 0

607 0 0

483 11 4

280 1 6

1374 3 4

693 0 0

187 16 8

324 14 0

138 14 4

3208 6 6

236 15 2

285 9 8

9 1 0

256 12 10

27 1 10

I33 3 6

73 9 6

598 >5 4

*37 13 0

176 O 0

479 10 8

300 0 0

175 12 6

140 0 0

380 2 8

79 0 3 6

2 59 13 4

795 l6 0

163 13 0

534 4 8

264 IO 0

6082 8 8

57 2 9 8

572 9 8

357 2 4

To Sir William Bateman ——

To Jacob Strange ——

To Alderman Thomas Cullum ——

To Peter Jurion ——

To Alexander Jones —

To James Story ——

To James Story ——

To John Cropley ——

To John Carder ow ——

To John Aufty ——

To Samuel Payne ——

To John Brett ——

To John Brett ——

To Alderman Tempest Milner ——

To Elizabeth Hatigh ——

To George Foxcroft — — .

To Elizabeth Evileigh ——

To Dame Ann Moulfon ——

To George Foxcroft — —

To Symon Weeden ..... ——

To Thomas Kemp

To Michael Wilkins ——

To Mathew Jumper ——

To Mary Vickars — —

To Nathanaell Ward ——

To John Dethicke ——

To Rebecca Wilmore ——

To Colonel Thomas Player ——

To Hatton Burners ——

To George Clarke —

To Edward Smith ——

To Christopher Searle — —

To Aquila Garfield — -

To Thomas Lamb — —

To Humphry Prymate — —

To Peter Houblon - —

To Samuel Smith and William Leman

To John Aston ----- ----- ----- --- <

To Alderman Richard Chiverton —

To Humphry Prymate — -

To William Marsh ——

To Humphry Whitwicke — ---

To James Campion — —

To Peter Houblon —

To Robert Gravenor ——

To Elianor Castle ——

To Wilmott Harford — —

To William Greene ——

To Hatton Burners — —

To Edward Cooke ——

To Richard Shelberry ——

To John Laurance ——

To John Bolton —

To George Wit ham ——

To John Johnson —

To Edward Creffett ——

To Alderman Tempest Milner ——

To William Wing ——

To Henry Raper ——

To George Thorp ——

To Richard Gar ford — —

To Benidibl Scott ——

To Richard and Mary Slaty — —

To Dame Honoria Watkins — —

To Nathaniel Anderton and Hugh Nettleship

To John Marsh ——

To Thomas Culling ——

To Benjamin Woodnoth ——

To John Dethicke — — —

To Philip Parker —

To Edward Smith — — —

To William Rujholt, &c. — —

To Thomas Ruddyard — ....

To Robert Browne ——

To Erasmus Smith — -

To John Gace — —

/. s. d.

465 6 O

122 4 4

1564 *3 4

!97 7 0

509 *5 2

289 4 8

*47 5 0

i37<5 3 2

320 0 0

45 *5 6

50 16 8

554 1 4

66 7 4

465 0 0

2 95 6 8

532 3 2

171 16 6

546 9 8

JI5 18 6

155 l7 8

323 2 6

41 1 0

526 5 0

521 7 10

508 6 10

1092 H 8

2089 3 2

245 6 8

165 H 0

*74 18 0

183 8 8

602 10 0

646 6 0

123 1 4

100 0 0

545 18 4

1050 12 8

167 1 4

301 10 0

130 0 0

312 12 0

40 IO 0

240 2 10

189 6 4

2 57 *3 8

234 11 4

152 9 8

365 12 0

71 0 0

181 2 0

235 0 0

1521 1 0

58 2 4

2041 4 6

L37 10 0

23 0 0

43 8 8

76 14 8

410 12 0

81 2 0

220 0 0

119 6 8

481 9 4

2615 1 4

218 8 8

164 12 8

380 6 8

450 5 0

761 2 10

263 0 8

4i7 12 8

">33 18 0

214 9 4

149 9 0

338 15 2

6O II 8

Tt

To Rebecca Gofe — — —

T o Christopher Searle — - —

To Thomas Wickes ——

To Thomas Arnold&c. — —

To Thomas Arnold &c. — —

To Mrs. Mary St. Loe — — To John Bagnall — — —

To John Hinde ——

To Erasmus Smith ——

To Colonel Christopher —

T o Colonel Christopher Whitchcot ——

T o Thomas Harriott ——

To Russell Alftope ——

To Elizabeth Clarke — ——

T o Nathaniel Stevens — — —

To Richard Woodnoth ——

To Richard Shelbury — —

To Anne Shelbury ——

To John Shelbury ——

To Dame Mary Lidcott — —

To Richard Mills ——

To Alderman Temp eft Milner — —

To Humphry Robinson — —

T o John Sampson — —

T o Jonathan Blackwell ——

To Dame Margaret Hunger ford — —

T o Robert Thompson ——

To Thomas Boone ——

To John Moodey — —

To Symon Hackett ——

To Edward and Andrew Hopegood ——

T o Elizabeth Herring ——

T o John King — — —

T o Timothy Alfope — —

To Philip Francis > - ——

T o Christopher Seely ——

To Mary Bound — — —

To James Whitehall ——

To Benedict Scott ——

To John Boulton ——

T o Edward Anthony ——

To Thomas Hall, Richard Bracy, —

To John Bentball ——

T o Samuel Moyer ——

T o Henry Spurftow ——

To Thomas Walker ——

To Isaac Light ——

To Humphry Jones ——

To Elizabeth Lee ——

To Daniell Deeves ——

To John Mayo ——

To Joseph and Benjamin Collyer ——

To Henry Andrews ——

To Russell Alfope ——

To Katherine Walker ——

To Thomas Hatton ——

To Edward Phillips ——

To William Hobson ——

To Thomas Culling ——

To Thomas Stubbins ——

To Wm. Bridges ----- ----- ----- " ——

To Cloriftopher Searle ——

To Thomas Pidocke ——

To Sarah Methwold ——

To John Babington ——

To Abraham Chambers ——

To Laurance Brinley ——

To Laurance Brinley ——

To Thomas Garrett ——

To Richard Legal ——

To Edward and Andrew Hopegood ——

To Francis Kirkham ——

To John Pargiter ——

To John Floyd ——

To Alexander Jackson ——

To Katherine Mol ion ——

I. s. d.

56 10 10

158 2 4

82 O 0

130 9 4

*31 0 0

325 4 6

64 18 0

l57 *5 4

199 10 6

545 11 0

98 2 8

50 18 0

274 9 4

108 8 0

575 2 6

267 15 0

181 6 10

60 *7 10

200 *3 4

210 *3 0

1856 9 10

161 0 0

215 1 8

101 6 0

509 1 10

138 *3 4

199 *7 10

*93 6 10

55 2 10

43 0 0

1104 4 4

4i32 6 8

122 *9 6

138 *9 4

138 16 0

138 *9 4

64 6 8

49 8 8

285 16 0

59 2 10

156 15 0

3° 5 5 4

427 5 6

28b 10 0

593 16 0

380 10 4

858 10 10

25 0 0

268 9 4

*57 *9 4

1789 6 8

666 12 10

114 / 0

*37 *9 0

349 5 0

540 10 0

40 0 0

324 9 10

493 12 2

287 7 4

188 l9 0

280 12 4

567 J7 6

661 10 0

182 12 0

2334 4 0

748 0 0

61 0 0

1728 0 0

108 16 0

*59 15 0

310 0 0

63 4 8

201 *3 0

136 12 2

406 *5 10

To Thomas Steven ton To Mary Browne —

To Francis Finch —

To Edward Corbett To George Vaux —

To Wm.Ward ——

To Alexander Polling ton To Edward Barcocke To Silvester Anderton To Nicholas Gould To John Boulton —

To John Delillers —

To Thomas Culling —

To Laurence Peacocke

To Wm. Benson ——

To Peter Hottywood To George Thorp —

To Constance Wallis To Constance Wallis To John Wallis —

To Evars Armine —

To NathanielI

To Humphry

To John Smith ——

To George Poynsr —

T o John Mars —

To John Marshall —

To Simon Hackett —

To John Pemell ——

To James Story ——

To James Story —

To Charles Lloyd —

To Charles Lloyd —

To Edward Smith —

To Abraham Chambers

To John Alleyne ——

To Jane Meade

To Hugh Smi, See. To John St event on To John Benbow —

To Wm. Stone ——

To John Boyfe

To Sarah Morewood To John Goodwin —

To John Bagnall —

To John Maynard To Francis Alleyn e To Edward Mosely To Geofry Howland To Christopher Searle To Sir Richard Lucy To John Green

To Sir Michael Armine To Baron Atkins —

To Wm.Peake ——

To Elizabeth To Elizabeth Castleman

To George Monson ——

To Peter Ducane -

To Nicholas Skinner —

To Mathew Turner ——

To Mathew Bigge ——

To William Wright ——

To Michael Holeman —

To Richard Holeman —

To John Water ton ——

To William Gunfton —

To Magdalen Boyfe —

To William Parker —

To Mary Denew ——

To Christopher Searle — To Colonel Henry Mi I dm ay

To Henry White ——

To George Bradley ——

To Sir Hugh Smithson To Mary Wright —

23 9

1. s. d.

101 2 0

191 9 8

534 *5 8

68 10 0

165 *9 2

103 3 6

376 10 10

327 7 10

42 2 0

1S07 3 4

578 *7 6

826 7 0

12 *7 4

249 16 10

96 *7 4

129 *3 0

97 10 8

65 16 0

111 9 4

75 0 0

110 0 0

501 12 G

5 6 0 0 0

852 0 0

*3°4 6 O

241 *4 8

93 *7 4

126 8 0

338 9 0

3* 12 4

336 18 0

181 9 4

611 3 6

627 *4 10

72 0 0

79 *4 4

3*5 4 8

3022 10 10

105 0 4

81 5 0

*50 0 0

261 12 0

144 0 0

142 10 0

237 18 0

89 18 10

1852 11 10

87 12 6

488 19 S

478 9 0

1723 12 8

791 11 8

97 0 10 0

105 4 8

*73 *5 4

160 8 10

35 4 0

210 *9 10

700 9 2

778 18 8

48 4 8

632 *5 2

639 8 8

697 7 10

*3* 7 6

166 0 8

161 12 0

202 0 0

*3* 10 0

379 7 10

146 *7 6

274 6 8

1756 14 4

178 IO 6

3*5 II 0

27 3 0 To

To Aldertnan 'Thomas To Abraham Babington —

To John Nelthrop ——

To Richard Clut —

T o William Bolnest —

To Hanfrid Knowles ——

To Richard Bigge ——

To John Wilfby ——

To Thomas Hatton

To Alderman Tempefi Milner

T o Thomas Edwards ——

To Richard Woodnoth —

To Thomas Piddocke ——

To John and Roger Sawry

To Nicholas Bendy ——

To William Stone ——

To George Foxcroft ——

To Robert Lant ——

To George Foxcroft ——

T o Rowland Wilson —

T o Samuel Manning —

To William Sherman ——

T o Richard By field ---

To Joyce Hughs ——

To Thomas Pepts -

To John Laurance ——

To Thomas Barnes ----- --= —

To Benjamin Whitcomb —

To John Car drew ——

.T o Samuel Payne ——

T o Thomas Hall ——

T o Edward Husbands ——

To Henry Moffe ——

To Richard Sherrar ——

To Peter Newton ——

To Sir Edward Barkham —

To John Ledginham ——

T o Richard Chapline —

To Symon Hackett

To Joyce G cur don - —

To Wm. Brice —

To John Alleyne —

To George Vaux ——

To Elizabeth Leigh —

To Captain Francis Finch To Robert Allom —

T o Daniel Waldoe To Joyce Midmore —

To Elizabeth Harvy -

To Richard Lloyd —

To Wm. Billingjly —

To William Shambrocke To Edward Smith —

To Erasmus Smith —

To Jane Host — -

To Gabriel Patridge —

To Captain Francis Finch

To Isaac Ash -

To Nathanael Snape —

To Edward Fielder ——

To Alderman William Tompson To Henry Moffe —

To Thomas Goodyeare To John Hill —

To Thomas Sherman —

To Major Symon Hackett To George Witham —

To Francis Webb —

To Wm. Wood ——

To Robert Cordell -

To Bridget Harrison To Richard Clutterbucke To Tho. Rich —

To Tho.Middleton -

To Wm. Wood —

I. s. d:

1354 15 8

*9 4 0

135 2 10

33° 3 8

137 11 4

275 7 2

582 7 2

138 6 8

i43 3 2

357 6 4

149 9 0

188 8 0

200 0 0

206 10 0

109 4 0

86 8 0

169 14 6

294 16 0

1240 0 0

179 0 0

96 9 3 8

96 0 0

138 10 0

66 0 0

203 19 2

47° 6 10

53i 18 8

49 *7 4

189 *5 0

259 l7 8

69 6 0

45 12 0

301 7 0

306 1 0

166 9 10

572 0 0

207 12 8

79 6 0

80 l9 4

39 l7 0

453 7 4

130 0 0

43 4 0

74 11 8

152 l7 8

138 3 0

530 0 0

487 6 8

228 1 6

321 9 8

124 1 4

137 16 8

156 1 2

224 5 4

119 10 0

272 4 6

107 3 0

*3* 11 2

209 1 8

281 16 10

40 0 Q

258 16 O

*38 16 8

3i7 4 0

102 0 8

54 14 8

144 16 0

1300 0 0

365 14 4

2657 *7 2

237 11 8

97 0 0

759 13 8

26 1 8

325 0 0

To John Harrison —

To Peter Mathews —

T o Benjamin Whet comb To Wm. Peake —

To Grace Pinker —

To John Bolton —

To John Bolton -

To Winifrid Burr owes —

To Valentine Vanley —

To Peter Noyes -

To Michael Warren —

To John Ramsey and Robert Allom

To Robert Drey don

To Dame Honoria Watkins -

To Alderman Richard Chiverton

To William Wickins ——

To John Clerke —

To Clmftopher Searle -

To Wm. Stone — —

To Wm.Burrough ——

To Baron Atkins — -

To Aquila Garfield —

To Tho. Cushing —

To William Farr . — -

To Samuel Moyer —

To George Ahnery —

To Elizabeth Cradocke — -

To John and Roger -

To Sir William Play ter ——

To Christopher Goodfellow -

To Humphry Jones —

To Thomas Powell ——

To Thomas Kemp —

To Mary Jackson —

To Sir Jacob Garrett —

To Wm. Crefce ——

To Dame Honoria Watkins To Francis Warner —

To Samuel Browne of Shetton-fioking To Peter Mills —

To Ann Tilfiey — - -

To Thomas Barton —

To Edward Vaughan —

To William Joanna —

To Thomas Rodbeard —

To Margaret Jackson —

To Deputy Thomas Arnold To William Fitzhugh —

To Richard Staper —

To Christopher Searle —

To Humphry Hulley —

To Edward Smith —

To Henry White —

To Edward Smith ——

To Thomas Cojfine - —

To William Wing -

To Dame Mary Lidcott To Timothy Dodd —

To Philip Owen — -

To Nathanaell Tayler —

To Alice Thyrlfton —

To Thomas Tong —

To Wm. Watson

To John Brewster —

To Robert and RiclSmith

To Mary Williams ——

To John Lawrence, Alderman To John Harrison —

To Damaris Rogers —

To Wm. Newbold —

T o Dame Margaret Hunger ford To Nathan Fiftoer —

To John Bedingfeild —

To Edward Smith —

To Major General Browne

s.

14 8 O

117 0 8

3558 10 8

425 2 0

103 4 0

20 0 0

100 0 0

106 6 0

'7 6 8

340 0 0

32 *5 a

255 2 0

1068 5 4

272 *3 4

1250 0 0

144 12 10

410 *4 13

71 10 8

244 2 0

70 0 0

27 9 4

71 *7 4

454 0 0

209 11 0

238 16 0

1228 4 13

*43 7 6

98 18 4

403 *5 S

4*4 9 2

162 10 O

110 7 a

158 *9 s

81 4 4

1826 16 0

170 *4 4

672 16 0

*35 0 0

483 7 S

187 *5 . 2

67 17 X

*74 8 6

*34 1 6

52 *5 0

207 3 13

*35 10 4

29 9 4

75 9 0

268 0 3

*38 0 0

584 J7 X

261 5 3

593 6 4

542 2 X

412 12 6

*954 *9 3

190 0 0

382 6 X

287 12 0

249 8 13

358 8 4

37* 0 0

38 10 0

170 *9 13

369 *5 4

136 6 8

57 12 0

118 *7 4

*5 8 4

33 *4 X

379 18 4

12 *7 4

328 0 0

128 6 0

100 *4 0

To

12. Car. II. Journals of the House of Commons.

/. s. d.

120 l3 6

612 O 4

;>97* i o

1747 18 2

41

To Edward Heath — - —

To John Maynard ——

' Total of the First Ordinance i

Note, The Monies due to Persons exempt from Pardon, are herein deduct- > cd and abated, being — — J

Upon one other Ordinance of Parliament, dated the

Viz.

T o MichaelI Skinner

To John Greene —

To Charles George To Edward Tooke —

To Elizabeth Leigh To Ann Hayly To Ann BaJJano —

To John Mellish -

To John Hollowell -

To John Latham —

To Hugh Norris To Richard Mauditt To John Harrison To 'Thomas Jenery To Richard Clutterbucke T o James Gourden To Andrew JVanley To Thomas Hall —

To Joyce Gourden —

To Nathaniel Barnardiston To Robert Toward

To Anne Tiljley -

To Symon Hackett To Edmond Harrison -

To John Freeman T o Arthur Manley -

To Henry Smith To Symon Hack —

To. John Lee — -

To John Rowfe ——

T o Simon Hackett ——

To Dame Anne Moulfon —

T o Edward and Andrew

T o Thomas Turgis ——

To Thomas Dickenson -

To Thomas Conny ——

To John Boltony senior —

To John Owen ——

To Robert Hickes ——

To John Fowler ——

To Thomas Gill ——

T o John Paynter ——

To Elizabeth Topsfeild —

To Nathaniell Ward ——

To Richard Parker ——

To Adam Walker ——

T o Thomas King ——

To John Alford ——

To Job Throgmorton ——

To Nicholas Orton ——

T o Nathaniel Tayler ——

To Nicholas Skinner —

To William Brearner ——

T o Roger Hey ton ——

To Richard Mills ——

To Ralph Triplett ——

T o John Aston — .....-

To Aquila Garfield ——

To Sarah Payne ——

T o Samuel Babington ——

To Henry Spurftow —

To Sir Thomas Ada, Alderman

To John Prowd —

is following:

1 s. L

103 3 0

76 3 2

233 6 8

150 14 0

62 *7 8

215 16 2

100 8 0

459 17 2

155 11 2

219 l3 0

137 14 6

107 IO 8

67 12 6

80 3 0

641 14 0

12 7 8

28 16 0

1858 4 8

10 16 0

351 18 0

89 10 8

97 0 8

57 9 4

641 10 0

53 5 0

653 18 2

280 *7 4

56 19 2

7 IO 4

118 *9 4

27 5 4

57 12 0

225 1 0

339 0 6

395 0 0

146 i7 8

132 12 8

161 5 4

274 14 6

55 5 2

218 6 4

130 9 0

212 15 0

147 0 8

111 4 8

186 14 0

27 6 8

242 2 6

26 0 0

200 10 0

559 4 0

5*5 6 8

337 7 0

429 12 10

2 53° 18 2

70 17 8

45 6 0

86 0 0

160 0 0

28 16 8

376 11 2

310 0 0

74 2 0

To James Par call ——

To John Bolton ——

To Christopher Searle ——

To Nicholas Gold ——

To Mary Treagle ——

To Richard Crawley —

T o Aquila Garfeild ——

T o Humphry Halley —

John Osborne ——

To John Melliflo ——

T o BenoniHonywood ——

T o Christopher Searle —

To Thomas Goody ear e

To Edward Smith ——

To Thomas Burton — —

T o Joseph and Benjamin Collyer

T o John Cutler ——

T o John Crosse ——

T o Symon Hackett ——

To Symon Ur line — -

To Major Symon Hackett ——

To John Boltony fen. -

To Thomas Kemp ——

To Edward Tooke ——

To John Bi mthall ——

To Thomas Lamb ——

To William Marsh —

To William Beake —

To John Ducane

To John Tardley ——

To William Wood-man ——

To Edward Honywood ——

To Richard Floyd —

To John Bolton, fen. ——

To Thomas Lambe —

To James Storey —

To Richard Floyd -

To Edward Gibbs —

T o Thomas Lambe ....

To Samuel Moyer —

To Roger Hey den — -To Richard Norton —

To Christopher Searle —

To Richard Norton and Company

To William ..... r

To Richard Floyd —

To John Gace - —

To Thomas Dickenson -

To Thomas Middleton —

To Robert Browne — —

To Joseph Brand — —

To William Andrews — —

To Richard Aldworth &c ....

To Captain John Osborne ——

To Robert Voyce — —

To Thomas Kemp ——

To William Hawkes —

To William Hawkes —

To Daniel Shat ter den —

To John Blackwell — — -

To Captain William Billiers -

To Rebecca Kendricke —

To John Whalley —

To Alderman Thomas Atkins —

To Aexander Jones — —

The Total Sum of this Second Ordinance is ——

Note, The Monies due to Persons ex--. empt from Pardon are herein deducted C and abated, being — —

PPP

s.

*3 7

54' 12

330 2

295 0

22 9

428 6

»4 10

702 *4

*55 *3

x°*5 16

829 8

417 9

6i 6

282 0

95 H

413 9

269 2

6 r 17

69 / x7

400 0

25 io

Ho ii

201 . 8

200 0

43i 2

3U *3

53 9

22 12

462 ii

10 0

60 0

464 2

37i J4

210 4

58 2

H9 1

116 r

696 D 2

67 O

42 2

288 O

701 16

314 l7

1038 H

202 0

181 14

235 1

562 16

361 9

43 10

564 5

65 6

-83 6

576 10

95 11

20 10

258 5

48 H

84 Q

J38 17

302 O

67 II

l5* J3

158 3

90 1

5, no *9

d.-'

O

o

IO

o

o

o

o

o

8

8

o

o

4

o

4

8 , o o o o t o o o o o o o o Io o o o

4

o

o

4

io

io

8

4

o

o

o

8

o

4

4

o

4

8

4

8

8

o

o

4

8

o

o

4

o

4

2

4

4

333 8 g

Upori

Journals of the House of Commons. A. 1660.

500

j.

o

200

Upon several other Ordinances of Parliament*,

To Thomas Darling Esquire, one of the Trustees for the Use of the Military 1 Ground in St. Martin's in the I

by Ordinance dated the Twenty-f eighth of May 1647, payable with In- J terest, each Six Months, in Course,

To Richard Sherwin, for the Use of the

Military Ground in Tutthill , by Ordinance dated the Twenty-eighth of May 1647, payable in Course, with Interest, each Six Months, — —

To several Gunsmiths and others, out of the One hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds for the Army, by an Ordinance dated the Twenty-eighth of May 1647, and assigned unto them by the Committee for the Army, payable in Course, with Interest, each Six Months; viz.

T o Edward Anjley ——

To Michaell Charleton ______.

To Christopher Tucke — —

To Thomas Boft 0 eke ——

To Thomas Boftocke, more —

To Richard Beale' ——

To Francis Kirknam ——

To Richard Freeman — —

To John Cardrow — --

To Joseph Butler ——

To Joseph Butler To John Freefton, in one Assignment —

To John Freefton in another ——

To Eliah Palmer ——

To Edward Barker ——

To Margaret Kinder ——

To John Skinner To John Champ ante To John Champante To Mary Cragg To Mary Cragg —

To William Fell —

T o William Fell -

To William Fell

To William Fell ——

To William Fell -

To William Fell —

To William Payne -To John Stevenson

To John Tanner —

To John Felton —

To Richard Freeman To Francis Webb To John Gace —

To Thomas Pidcocke

mas Priestly T O Thomas Pidcocke T o Thomas Pidcocke

Executor to Tho-

bo- j

T o Margaret Holloway, Executrix to John \

Holloway ----- ----- ----- ----- — I

To Stephen Bolton ——

To Henry Harris ——

T o Stephen Boulton ——

To John Foley ——

To Theodore Jenings ——

To Theodore Jennings ——

To Theodore Jenings ——

To Mary Jackson ——

To Edward Jackson ——

To Jane Stavely ——

To Syriacke Skinner ——

To Hugh Maffey ——

To Mary Thurslon ——

To Syriacke Skinner ——

To Sarah Hawes ..... —

To Sarah Hawes ——

To William Fell ——

i To Alexander Norming'.on ——

To Samuel Neale ——

l. s. d.

155 0 0

86 x4 0

42 0 0

43 lS 0

58 6 8

75 0 0

100 0 0

228 18 0

27 10 0

50 0 0

62 10 0

3i 5 0

3l 5 0

59 10 0

223 16 8

100 0 0.

75 0 0

561 13 0

100 0 0

79 0 0

120 0 0

206 8 0

300 0 0

20 10 0

*55 0 0

*3 10 0

45 5 0

58 6 8

58 6 8

116 13 4

350 0 0

37° 0 0

65 0 0

83 6 8

100 0 0

5° 0 0

44 15 0

104 0 0

33 6 8

5l 10 0

182 0 0

2 95 0 0

300 0 0

150 0 0

50 0 0

130 0 0

243 0 0

400 0 0

400 0 0

42 0 0

212 0 0

300 0 0

43 15 0

58 6 8

67 12 0

141 13 4

500 0 0

To Peter Newton T o Peter Newton To Thomas Pidcocke,

Priestly ——

To Thomas Pidcocke To Thomas Pidcocke,

Preiftly ——

T o Thomas Pidcocke To Dorothy Wat [on To Edward Palmer To Godfrey Petty —

To Francis Reynardson To William Crosse To William Crosse T o Symon Jones —

To Thomas Skinner

To Thomas Skinner

T o John Silke ——

To Ellen Smith —

To Thomas Skinner To Thomas Pidcocke T'o John Skinner —

To John Silke ——

To Ellen Smith ' —

To John Skinner —

To John Turton — To John Turton

Executor to John

Executor to John

To Charles Thor old. Executor to Thomas

Thorold ——

To Richard Tredwell ——

To John Turton ——

To William Fell -

To William Fell ——

To Francis Webb ——

To Samuel White ——

To Henry Ward

To William Maud and Mr. Preston, Executors to Mathew Wilson — ——

To Hugh Audley —

L s.

180 0

100 0

} 184 16

500 0

On 00 0

too 0

84 16

207 3

120 0

67 15

22 0

67 4

200 0

150 0

62 0

I50 0

337 2

150 0

177 10

53 5

53 5

50 0

1 to 0

649 15

33 6

J 2598 15

283 6

322 15

43 *5

350 0

36 0

60 0

123 0

} *43 0

IOOOO 0

IJiOll *9

a.

o

6

4

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

8

o

8

o

o

o

o

o

o

In all I.

To several Persons hereafter mentioned^fsigned to them by the Committee for Accompts, payable in Course, with Interest, each Six Months, by virtue of an Ordinance of

To Leonard Bates —

To Ellis Cunliffe -T o George Sharpulls To John and Humphry Larder — To Thomas Lightfoote

To Edmund Prideaux his Executors To George Smiths To George Smiths To George Smiths To Robert Snowe To George Smiths To George Smiths To Richard Wilcox To Martin Walker To William Cutler and others, for incident)

Charges of the said Committee

To Susanna Abercromy by Ordinance, dated the Twentieth of December 1647, j able in Course, with Interest — —

dated the Twenty-second c 1647, payable in Course —

viz.

1. S. d.

60 0 0

41 3 9

109 7 3

128 0 5

22 10 0

250 0 0

165 5 0

115 7 9

4* 3 4

40 3 4

9 10 0

41 3 4

54 6 8

26 *9 4

CD OO 0 2

1388 O O

I r 300 O O

On 00 l6 O

To several Persons, assigned to them by Richard Turner and Company, by Ordinance, dated Twenty-second March 1647, payable in Course, with Interest, each Six Months.

/. d.

To Henry Ashurst ----- --- — ----- — 59 19 o

To John Baker — - 67 1,1 q

To

To Mary Kendall, alias Bond

To Francis Croft ——

To John Cox ——

To Peter Ducane —

To William Hawkins —

To Jeremiah Hamey ——

To Thomas Juxon ——

To John Key To John Key To Barnaby Meires —

To John Key —

To Samuel Plumb

To Josiah Primate -

To Sarah Potter —

To Michael Rayner —

To Hugh Ratcliffe —

To Hilkiab Reader —

To William Richardson To Dorothy Swift To Edward Spencer — —

To William Shemishire

To Richard Turner ——

To Richard Baldwin —

To John Tayler

To Alice Underwood —

To Hugh Williams To Nicholas Williams To John West ——

To Humphry Prymate

/. s. d.

126 19 0

29 10 0

6 0

36 19 0

575 O 0

148 3 8

1857 16 6

24 *9 0

2214 1 6

I I 0 0

- II 11 0

265 0 0

124 14 2

26 12 0

53 11 0

22 *3 0

31 8 0

165 *3 0

11 *5 0

16 *9 0

12 15 0

1099 10 0

700 0 0

1327' ► 0 0

197 0 0

14 5 0

65 2 0

18416 0

124 14 2

9625 3 1

:1 Welden, then Governor of 1

b, by Ordinance dated the/ of June 1648, payable ini'

To Colonel Welden, then Governor of] Plymouth,

Seventh Course

To Sir Arthur Blundell, by Ordinance, dated the Twelfth of 1647, (

payable in Course — — 3

s.

d.

To her Highness the Princess Royal, with Interest, from the Third of September 1660 ——

To Mr. Denham, his Majesty's Sur-} veyor, with Interest, from the Third

of September 1660 — '

To her Majesty the Queen of , 1

with Interest, from the Third Septem-

ber 1660 3

To her Highness the Princess 3

v ember 1660 —

To Mr. Henry Peeke, by Order dated

the Twelfth of November 1660 — J

To Sir Thomas Dacres, by Order of the )

Twelfth of November 1660 — )

To Colonel Anthony Buller upon the}

To

wenty-t Sir Roi

land

Langhorne, by Order,) dated Twenty-fourth November 1660 J To Thomas Loaldington, by Order dated J

the Twenty-sixth of November J

To Henry Symball, upon the Foreign

Excise, by Order dated Fifth Decern- C

/. 10000 243 s. d. 0 0

5000 0 0

10000 0 0

10000 0 0

3443 12 3r

250 0 0

3436 16 10

3000 0 0

ber 1660

345°

1387 18 10

Sum 1S7501Q 13 5-

To several Persons assigned to them by Sir Robert ney, of Sir Charles Coote, by Ordinance dated Twenty-third of March 1647, payable in Course, with Interest, each Six Months , viz.

To Robert Pemberton - 250 ,0 9

To William Dunvill — — — — r 2 50 00

.To Alexander Holte — — — 200 o o

To George Nash — — — ----- ----- ----- - — 1040 o o

To George Perier ----- -- — — — 260 o 9

In all 2000 o o

September 3d, 1660.

At the Committee for publick Debts,

Resolved, That Colonel Birch do,' with all convergent Speed, report to the House the Estimate of the Debt of his Majesty's Navy, now received from Sir George Cartrett, as well for Stores of all Sorts, as for Wages due; being a Debt, they humbly conceive, fit to be taken care for by the Parliament.

The general State of the Debts upon the Accompt of his Majesty's J'favy, until Twenty-fofirth June last past, required from us, the principal Officers and Commi.ffioners of his Majesty's Navy, together with the Increase of the growing Charge of Wages and V ftuals, to the Fleet unpaid, until this present Fifth of December 1660.

d.

I.

j.

6,000 o o

940 3 *T

The Total of Monies charged upon the 1

Receipt of the Excise, by the Ordi-/ act a At nances and Orders aforesaid, the Sum f 3

Besides what Monies are farther charged by this present Parliament, the Orders whereof are not yet come to the Office of Excise.

An Account of the several Sums of Money charged upon the Receipt of Excise, since the Sitting of the fe-eluded Members, and by the present Parliament, which remain unpaid this Seventh Day of December 1660;

For the Wages of the Officers and Mariners, serving on board the Seventeen Ships, which yet remain unpaid, of 'the Twenty-five, heretofore directed by ^128030 o O the Parliament to be paid out of the Poll- Bill, with the Increase of their - Charge, to the Fifth of December —

For die Wages of the Officers and

Mariners in Eighty-four Ships more, which are yet also in Pay, with the Increase of their Charge, unto the Fifth of December, abating the Thirty-six Ships for the Winter Guard, from the Twenty-fourth of June 1660, which is to be borne by his Majesty — —

Pot the Wages unto the Officers and-,*

Workmen of his Majesty's Yards at'

Deptford, Woolwich, Chatham, Portsmouth, and Harwichj as also unto Ship-keepers of the Ships riding in those Harbours, to the'Twenty-fourth of June 1660, per Estimate — . ..

258459 o 9

) 42463 10 9

5978

s.

8

d.

9

To the distressed Protestants of Piedmont - % and Poland, payable unto Sir Tho. L

Vyner ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- - 3

To Sir Richard Browne Knight, Lord 7

Mayor of the City of London ----- --->

To his Highness the Duke of Torke,

with Interest from the Third of Sep- L 10000 o o

tember 1660 — 3

To the Executors of his late Highness")

428,952 10 o

2063 16 9

the Duke of Gloucester, with Interest / from the Third Day of (" 700°

1660, — — — J

o ©

For Bills, regularly passed in this Of- ' fice for Provisions delivered, and Service done, from the Year 1657, to ^ie Twenty-fourth June 1660, the Particulars whereof are contained in a Book herewith presented j besides other Bills of the like Nature, which, by reason of the short Warning given, could not be brought in from remote Parts to be therein inserted, which may amount unto, perEfiimate, 20,000l. the Sum of

128078 13 10

Fop

244

For so much due unto several Persons, bn the Account of Victuals by them delivered unto his Majesty's Ships, as appears by an Account produced unto us under the Hand of the present Surveyor

of Marine Victuals ——

For so much due unto several Persons for Provisions bought of them at mouth, to supply the Western Squadron, between the 20th of 1659, an<

24 June 1660 *-

More due to the Agent of Plymouth, 1 by a Bill signed by the late Commis- I sioners of the Navy for maintaining of f Prisoners there, to the 21 February 1659 J For so much demanded by the Bai- 1 liffs of Yarmouth, as disbursed accord- C ing to Certificate upon the like Account J -

For so much due to Robert Da vid Davison, Thomas Carter, John Young, and Thomas for Provisions delivered into the Office of the Ordnance, omitted in their Account; and, therefore, by his Majesty's special Command, here inserted, the Sum of For so much due unto several Persons for entertaining of sick and wounded Men, set on Shore from foveral of his Majesty's Ships, according to an Account produced unto us by the Commissioners for Sick and Wounded, the Sum of — For so much disbursed by -» the present Treasurer of the Navy out of his Majesty's Revenue, upon Account of victualling of the Navy, 41473/.

13 j. out of which abating, for his Majesty's Charge upon the 36 Ships, 16607/. so remains due

Journals of the House of Commons. A. 1660.

3187

999 6 9

22

172952

11529 14 11

5936 19 1

Excise Money to answer this.

24866

For so much paid more to ' divers Persons in Part of their Debts, upon Bills bearingDate before 24 June 1660, inCon-

sideration of the most Part of those Goods found in Store, and to advance further Credit for the same Persons for the . Navy's Use

9483 3 2

51815 17 2

For several Debts on Bills not yet brought in, by reason of the remote f Living of the Proprietors, who have V 20000 o o not had timely Notice to produce their 1 Debts, per Estimation — J

Abstract.

/. s. d.

428.952 10 o

172.952 1 7

i - 5L8i5 17 2

20,000 o o

3

0 o

the First of March last; a List of which Debts is also to be reported for the Parliament's further Direction.

At the Committee for publick Debts.

September 3d, 1660.

Ordered, That it be reported to the House, as the Opinion of this Committee, that the Debts, hereafter mentioned, are such as the Parliament is bound in Honour to take care of, which now stand charged as underwritten.

There is charged upon his Majesty's '>

Exchequer, as appears by a Certificate returned by Order of the Lord Treafu- /. s. d. rer, which is secured by his Majesty's > 65000 o Lands, and was charged thereupon by his late Majesty, during the late Troubles, the Sum of ——

There is likewise charged there, and j Tallies struck for the lame, for Money j lent to his late Majesty by divers of the > 50000 Nobility and Gentry, as appears certi- 1 fied by the Lord Treasurer, the Sum of J There was charged, by the Lords and -Commons, the 22 of April 1646, upon his Majesty's Revenue, for the yearly Support of the Queen of Bohemia, his Majesty's Aunt, 10000l. per Annum-, whereof there remains in A near, for the Time it was continued, and upon former

Ordinances ----- ----- ----- ' ——

There is charged upon his Majesty's Exchequer, for Wares and Commodities about the Years 1641 and 1642, for which Privy Seals were given, as appears by the aforementioned Certificates of the Lord Treasurers ----- ----- ----- — ----- -'

There is due to the old Farmers of the Customs, for Money paid by Direction of the Lords and Commons, in the Year 1642; and likewise to his Majesty, in the same Year, in ready Money, for which they had Tallies struck upon their Receipt of the Customs, by way of

Anticipation ——

Due to the Princess Royal, for her i Portion, for which his present Majesty > 40,000

is engaged ----- -- ----- ----- — < — '

Due from his Majesty to the late Tin- 1 ,

Farmers, certified as aforesaid ----- --) 11,000

\ 50000 © 6

60000 o o

253000 o 0

o o

o o

529,600 o o

26000 o o

673,720 8 9

More unpaid upon old Freight of Ships, employed in the Years 1642 1643, and 1644, not included in the abovesaid Sum ——

Resolved, That Colonel Birch do, with all convenient Speed, also report to the House the Estimate of the Debts now Handing charged on his Majesty's Exchequer under Four Heads, as it is now received from Sir Phillip wicke, Secretary to the Treasury, as Debts fit for the Parliament's Care, except such Part thereof as appears to have been charged by the pretended Protectors, or other Authority, betwixt the Time of the pretended Restauration of the Exchequer by Oliver in the Year 1653, and

Memorandum, The aforementioned Debts were all charged by his late Majesty, and for which his present Majesty is engaged in Honour to fee satisfied; and are humbly offered to the Parliament, by this Committee, as Debts which in Honour they are bound to take care of.

Memorandum, That no Part of the Debts of his present Majesty, either in England or elsewhere, are brought into this Account.

By the late Council of State, these Debts stand charged upon his Majesty's Exchequer, and are yet unpaid, which are humbly offered as the Opinion of this Committee, to be fordiwith paid.

For Ely House and Savoy

Council

/. s. d.

1400 0 0

f 151 10 0

*55« 1 10 0

J. 95,000 0 0

fore the 13 th of February last -

Which this Committee is of Opinion should be suspended.

JOURNALS

24?

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

ParliamentuM inceptum et tentum apud die

o&avofcilivet die Maii, Anno RegniDomini nojlri Caroli Secundi, Dei Gratia, -

glice, Scotioe, Francide, et Hibemice Regis, Fidei Defenforis, &c. decimo tertio, Annoque Domini 1661.

Prayers.

ON which said Eight of May, being the First Day of the Session of this Parliament called by his Sacred Majesty King Charles the Second, about Seven of the Clock in the Morning, the Most Noble James Duke of Ormond, Lord High Steward of his Majesty's Houshold, having Power, by himself and his Deputies, to , administer the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance to all Persons returned as Members, before they fat in the House, came into the Court of Requests, a Place anciently made use of for that Purpose, attended with several Persons of Honour c And the Clerk of the Crown presenting to his Grace a List of the Knights, Citizens, Burgesses, and Barons, elected to serve in this present Parliament , and the Clerk of the House of Commons attending, according to the Duty of his Place; his Grace did himself in Person administer the said Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance to above Fifty Members of the House of Commons. And his Grace having made a Commission or Deputation under his Hand and Seal to several of those so sworn, and to divers other Members of the House, to administer the said Oaths to the rest of the Members of the House, the lame was publickly read: And thereupon his Lordship departed to attend his Majesty. And all the Members so commissioned, which were then present, did divide themselves into several Places; and, being attended by Mr. William brough, the Clerk of the House of Commons, and Mr. Sharpe, his Assistant or Deputy, and several Clerks by them assigned for this Service, did, according to the Power to them given, orderly and distinctly, administer the said Oaths to all other Members, who then appeared: And an exact Lift iriW riting was taken of every Member's Name that took the said Oaths.

And, after the Members had seated themselves in the House of Commons, Sir John Gentleman-Usher

of the Black Rod, came from his Majesty into the House, to acquaint them, that his Majesty expected them in the House of Lords.

And thereupon the Members immediately went up to attend his Majesty; who was pleased to make tins gracious Speech:

My Lords, and Gentlemen, fcfc.

And, after his Majesty had finiftied, the Lord Chancellor spake as folloWeth:

My Lords, and you &c.

Which being done, the several Members returned into the House of Commons.

And Sir Charles Berkeley, Comptroller of his Majesty* a Houshold, proposing unto the House Sir Edward Turner Knight, as a very worthy and fit Person for that Employment; he was (una voce) allowed and made Choice of as their Speaker: And, the House not admitting any Excuse, he was immediately conducted to the Chair by Sir George Carterett, Vice-Chamberlain to his Majesty, and Mr. Comptroller, and Sir Heneage Finch, his Majesty's Sollicitor General: And, being in the Chair, he, modestly declaring the Doubts he had of his own Abilities, desired the House to make Choice of feme Person better experienced, and fitter for this Service: Which being denied; and the House Unanimousiy confirming their former Choice; the Mace was brought in, and laid upon the Table.

And the House being acquainted, that his Majesty had appointed them to present their Speaker on Friday next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon;

The Question being put, it was resolved, that the House should be adjourned till Two of the Clock that Afternoon; and then to meet to present their Speaker to his Majesty, at the Time appointed.

CyfAmes Butler, Marquis and Earl of Ormond. Earl of J OJfory, Viscount Thurles, Baron of Arclo, Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, Lord Steward of his Majesty's Houshold, Chancellor of the University of Duhlyn, Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Garter, and one of his Majesty's Privy Council of England and Ireland; To all to whom these Presents shall come. Greeting. Know ye, that I the said Lord Steward, by virtue of my said Office of Lord Steward, have constituted, named and appointed, and by these Presents do constitute, name and appoint, the Right Honourable Arthur Annejley Esquire, Sir William Morris Knight, Principal Secretary of State, Denzill Hollis Esquire, Sir Anthony Ashly Cooper, Sir John Holland, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Baronets, Sir William,

Q.qq Sir

Sir William Waller, Sir Walter Sir Anthony Irby,

Sir Dudly North, Sir Richard , Sir John

Sir Henage Finch, Knights, John Crew, Ri-

chard Knightly, ‘Thomas Hatcher, Edward Turner, Edward King, Samuel Jones, Job Charleton Esquires, or any Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, or One of them, my Deputies and Deputy, in my Place and Stead, to tender and minister the Oath of Supremacy, according to the Form and Effect prescribed and set down in the Statute in that Behalf made in the First Year of the Reign of the late Renowned Queen Elizabeth , and also the Oath of Allegiance, according to the Form and Effect prescribed and set down in the Statute in that Behalf made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of the late Renowned King James, to all and every Person which is or shall be jglefted or appointed a Knight, Citizen, or Burgess, dr Ihron for any of the Five Ports, for the Parliament summoned to begin and to be holden the Five-arid-twentieth Day of Aprillaft past , and to take and receive the Oaths of every the said Person and Persons, which is or shall be defied or appointed, Knight, Citizen, Burgess, or Baron for any of the said Five Ports, as aforesaid, for the same Parliament begun and holden on the said Five-and-twen-tieth Day of April last past: Giving them Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, and One of them, full Power and Authority to execute and perform the same: Ratifying, confirming, and allowing all and whatsoever my said Deputies, or any Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, or One of them shall do and perform in this Behalf, in as ample,

Eerfeft, and full Manner, as if I myself had personally een present and done the fame. In Testimony whereof, I have hereunto set my Hand and Seal. Given the Fourth Day of June, in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord Charles, by the Grace of God, King of England, Scotland, France, and Ireland, Defender of the Faith, Is?c.

Ormonde.

Vmens, decimodieMau, i g Car.RegisSecundi.

Prayers.

THIS Day Mr. Speaker, being attended by the feve-

ral Members of this House, was presented to his Majesty in the House of Lords; and made this Speech

following:

After which, Mr. Speaker, returning with the several Members into the House of Commons, there made Report to the House of the Effect thereof. And then A Bill intitled, An Act against Vagrants, and wandring, idle, difTolute Persons, was read the First time.

Ordered, That the same be presented to be read again on this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the Rules which were made for the Committee of Elections the last Parliament, be brought into the House Tomorrow Morning; and that the Clerk of the Crown do then likewise attend, with all the double Returns which are now made: And this House will then take the same into Consideration , and proceed to the naming of a Committee of Privileges and Elections.

And the House then adjourned till Tomorrow Morning at Eight of the Clock.

Sabbati, n° Die Mail, 1661.

Prayers.

~pEter Prideux Esquire, being returned a Burgess both

for Honiton in the County of Devon, and Lifcard in the County of Cornwall, made Choice to serve . Ordered, That a new Writ do issue out for the Election of a new Burgess for Lifcard; and that Mr. Speaker do make a Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to issue a Writ accordingly.

Ordered, That a new Writ do issue for the chusing of a Burgess in the Place of the Lord Hollis, being now a Peer, who was returned one of the Burgesses for chester in the County of Dorsett; and that Mr. Speaker do make a Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown to issue a Writ accordingly. 4

Sir Charles Harbord Knight, his Majesty's Surveyor General, being elected one of the Burgesses for Donbivid alias Lancefton in the County of Cornwall, and returned by a several Indenture as a Burgess for Hindon, made Choice to serve for Donbivid, alias Lancefton, and waved his Election for Hindon:

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do make out Warrants to the Clerk of the Crown, to issue out new Writs for new Elections in such Places as hereafter shall- be waved by any Members who are returned for- several Places, or shall otherwise become void.

Ordered, That, upon all double Returns of Members, none do fit, till their Returns be determined, excepting such only as are returned in all Indentures.

Ordered, That a Committee of Elections and Privileges, be appointed of the Members following; Sir George teret Kiiight, Sir Wm.Morrice Secretary, Sir Edward

Hungerford, Lord Ancram, Lord Mandevill, Mr. Weld, Sir George Probert, Sir Richard Oat ley. Sir Wm. Strowd, Sir Humph. Winch, Earl of Newburgh, Mr. Rich. Spencer, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Edward Bofca, Sir John Mr. Edward Phillips, Mr. Hen. Seymore, Sir Mr. Marvill, Sir Rich. Maliverer, Sir Morrice Barckley, Mr. Street, Sir Rich. Ford, Mr. Rigby, Mr- Mr.

James Harbert, Sir Hen. Lea, Sit Rich. Brebam, Sir Hare, Mr. Cotton, Sir Tho. Hebblethewait, Mr. Collins, Mr. Gobdderick, Mr. Jo. Ashbumham, Mr. Denny

burnham, Mr. Phineas Andrewes, Mr. Sir Tho,

Payton, Sir Rich. Fanshaw, Sir Fanfhaw, Sir John

Dawney, Sir Wm. Lewes, Mr. Lawrence Hide, Mr. Jonathan Trelawney. Dr. Burrell, Dr. Craddock, Sir Gervas Cliff ton. Sir John Holland, Sir John Harrison, Sir John Strangwayes, Mr. Stanley, Sir Rob. Hdlt, Sir Hen.

Sir Baynam Throgmorton, Mr. Mallet, Sir Rich.

Mr. Giles Strangways, Mr. John Newton, Sir John Bram-

ston, Mr. Manwaring, Sir Hen. Lingham, Col. Windham, Mr. James Scudamore, Sir Jorden Crojland, Mr. Will.

Lowther, Mr. Arthur Stanhope, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Philip Warwick, Sir John Sir Philip

grave, Serjeant Charlton, Sir Tho. Leigh, Mr. Lewes Palmer, Mr. Thurland, Lord St. John, Mr. Pendarvis, Sir George Reeve-, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Heneage Finch, Mr. Wm. Mountague, Sir Tho. Meeres, Sir Tho. Strickland,

Lord Mansfeild, Sir Hen. Puckering alias Newton, Lord Bruce, Sir Rich.Onslow, Mr. George Mountague, Sir Norton, Sir James Smith, Col. Fretchvile, Sir

Mr. Wm. Coventry, Sir Hugh Pollard, Sir John Roll, Sir Wm. Dbyley, Sir Jo.Hotham, Mr. Waring, Sir Antho. Cope, Mr. Tho. Chichely, Sir Tho. Dolman, Mr. Glafcocke, Mr. Anthony Eyre, Mr. Wm. Sandis, Sir John Tuffton, Mr. Coventry, Col. Gilby, Lord Cornbury, Mr. Hide, Sir

John Nicholas, Mr. Strickland, Mr. Crymes, Mr. Darcy, Sir Wm. Hartope, Sir Wm. Bowyer, Sir George Scndis, Mr. Edward Seymour, Lord Fawlkland, Sir John Burlacy, Sir Ralph Bankes, Mr. Noell, Mr. Orme, Mr. Heath, Mr. Goddard, Sir Tho. Bloodworth, Col. Kyrkby, Mr. Giles Hungerford, Sir Gilbert Ireland, Sir Chichester Wray, Sir Wm. Compton, Sir George Stonehouse, Sir John,

Sir Nicho. Cryfp, Sir Edmund Peirce, Sir Hump. Bennet, Phillips, Sir John Talbott, Mr. Tomkins, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. John Stroud, Mr. Shawe, Mr. Whitaker, Sir Rich. Temple, Sir Wm. Fleetwood, Sir Lancelot Lake, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Windham, Sir George Fletcher, Sir Tho. Widdrington, Mr. George Fane, Sir Rob. Howard, Sir Wm. Smith, Mr. Ed. Smith, Mr. Bulckley, Mr. Sir Ed. Wallpoole, Mr. Wm. Gawdy, Mr. Henley, Mr. John net, Sir Wm. Whitmore, Mr, John Lowther, Lord

loghby.

logbby, Mr. Dowdfwell, Serjeant Littleton, Mr, Hen, Co-

ventry, Mr. Stafford, Mr. Rich. Taylor, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Knight, Sir Hugh Betbell, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Sherrard, Sir Fran. Henry Lea, Mr. Waller, Sir Price, Mr. Baruaby, Sir Roger Bradshaw, Mr.

Sir John Denham, Mr. Clifford, Mr. Pucker, Sir Edmund Pooley, Sir Justinian Isham, Mr. Mr. Henry Goring, Mr. Prideaux, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Tucker, Lord

Buckburjl, Mr. Swanton, Sir Tho. Ingram, Col, Legg, Mr. Evers, Sir Rich. Evererad, Lord Butler, Sir Wm.

Terringham, Sir Rich. Winn, Sir Jo. Torke, Sir George Grubbam How, Sir John Pelham, Mr. Lewkener, Dr. Arris, Mr. Jeoff. Palmer, Sir Adrian Scroope, Sir John Norris, Sir Tho. Middleton, Mr. Rich. Cooke, Col. Morley. Sir John Fagg, Lord Le de Spencer, Mr. Walden, Mr. Swimfen, Mr. Hen. Williams, Mr. Whitley, Sir Francis Clarke, Lord Richardson, Col. Brown, Sir Charles Comewallis, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Hugh Windham, Lord

Rosse, Mr. Bullin Reymes, Mr. Churchill, Mr. npayes. Sir Robert Brooke, Mr. Wrenn, Mr; Robert Crooke, Mr. Flint, Sir Hen. Harbert, Six Sir Allen

Broderick, Mr. Trelawney, Sir Benya. Ayliffe, Six Wm. Drake, Sir George Downing, Mr; Mr'. Morgan,

Mr. Comewall, Mr. Randolph Edgerton, Mr.

Sir John Rouse, Mr. Hugh BSir John Mr. James Phillips, Mr. Washington, Col. Bowyer, Sir Francis Lawley, Mr. John Elliot, Mr. Braham, Mr. Pleadwell, Sir Robert Bowles, Sir Tho. Stewkley, Mr. Morton, Sir Wm. Tredinham, Lord Brerton, Sir John Pelham, Mr. John Earnley, Mr. Torke, Mr. John How, Mr. Mil-ward, Mr. Chetwind, Mr. Tho. Price, Sir Rowland Bar-

eley. Col. Sands, Mr, George Clerk, Sir Thomas Fan/haw junior, Mr. Clifford Clifton, Sir Edward Seymor,

Resolved, That this Committee do meet this Afternoon at Two of Clock* in the Exchequer-Chamber } and every Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Place before-mentioned } arid do take into Consideration all such Matters as shall or may come in Question, touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges } and to proceed upon double Returns in the first Place , and report their Proceedings to the House. And all Persons that will question any Returns already made, are to do it in Fourteen Days next, and so in Fourteen Days after any new Return shall be brought in And the Committee is to have Power to receive Petitions} and to fend for Witnesses, Papers, and Records, for their Information; and to make Report of any Matter which may concern Breach of Privilege. And all Members that are returned for Two or more Places are to make their Election by this Day Three Weeks for which of the Places they will serve j provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place. And if any thing shall come in Question, touching the Return, or Matter of Privilege, of any Member of this Committee, such Member is to withdraw from the Committee during the Time the Matter which concerns himself is in Debate.

Ordered, That the Grand Committees for Religion, Grievances, and Trade, do meet every Week, as followeth} that is to say, the Committee for Religion, on Mondays; the Committee for Grievances, on Wednesdays , and the Committee for Trade on Fridays; at Two of die Clock in the Afternoon.

Resolved, upon the Question, that this House be called over on Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, Nemine Contradicente, That Mr. Speaker, with this whole House, do attend his Majesty } and that Mr. Speaker shall, in the Name of the House, tender their humble Thanks to his Majesty, for his great Expressions of Kindness to this House } and for his gracious Communication of his intended Marriage with the Princess of Portugal; and, that they are so abundantly satisfied therewith, and sensible of the great Advantages which, in all Reason, piuft needs happen thereby, that they shall not only

pray to God Almighty for his Blessing arid Furtherance, but do also make it their earnest Request to his Majesty, as much as in him is, to hasten his designed Marriage: And to represent to his Majesty their unanimous Resolu -tion to assist him therein against all Opposition whatsoever. And such of the Privy Council, as are Members of this House, are desired to wait on his Majesty, to know his Pleasure when he will be attended.

Sir Allen Broderick, being elected a Burgess for Or ford in the County of Suffolk, and also a Burgess for \ in Cornwall, made his Election to serve for Orford.

Lurue, iff Die Mati> 130 Caroli.

Prayers.

/">1QL. Adam Browne, chosen one of the Knights fori the County of Surry, and one. of the Burgesses for. Midhurst in the County of Sussex, made his Election to serve as Knight of the Shire for Surry

Sir Heneage Finch, his MajestyV Sollicitor General, being chosen to serve for the University of Oxford, and for Beutporris in Anglesey, made his Election to serve for the University of Oxford.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do forthwith attend this House, to give an Accoijmt touching his Neg-led of Attendance upon the Committee of Elections and Privileges.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper shall, upon Sunday next cpme Sevennight, being the Twenty-sixth of this Instant May, in the Forenoon, be administered at St. Margaret's Church in Westminster, according to the Form prescribed in the Liturgy of the Church of England and that all the Members of this Hopfe shall then and there receive the said Sacrament } and that whosoever shall not then and there receive the said Sacrament, shall not, after that Day, come into the House, until he shall have received the said Sacrament in the Presence of Two or more of the Parties hereafter appointed to that Purpose, and the same be certified, and the Certificate thereof allowed by this House. Arid* for the better pfifeerning who shall then receive the said Sacrament, and who not; it is further Ordered, that Sir Anthony Cope, Sir John Brampfion, Sir Philip Warwick, Six John Goodrich, Sir Allen Brodrick, and Sir George Reeve, shall take special Notice of all such as shall then and there receive the said Sacrament; and that every Member of this House shall then bring with him a Note in Writing, containing his Name, and the Shire whereof he is Knight, and the City whereof he is Citizen, and the Borough whereof he is Burgess, and the Port whereof he is Baron.-, which Note he shall, in the same Church, when the same shall be demanded of him, deliver to the said Parties before particularly mentioned, feme or one of them; And the said Persons so appointed, are likewise to take particular Notice of every Member of this House, at such Time as he receiveth the said Sacrament. And Mr. Dr. Guning, and Mr. Carpenter, the Chaplain of this House, are desired to officiate at that Time, and to preach, one of them in the Morning, and the other in the Afternoon.

A Bill for securing and preserving his Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable and seditious Pra^ dices and Attempts, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning} and the same be the First Bill that shall then be read.

A Bill for confirming of publick Acts was this Day read the First time.

Resolved,

2

Re/ohed, That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning , and the same be read next after the Bill for securing and preserving his Majesty's Person and Government.

A Bill for confirming of private Acts was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read the Second time on this Day Fortnight.

A Message from the Lords, by Dr. and Dr.

Childe, Two of the Matters of the Chancery,

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a present Conference with this House, in the Panted Chamber, touching some of the Matters declared by his Majesty in the Opening of the Parliament.

Ordered, That there be a Conference with the House of Lords, as is desired: And that Mr. Secretary,

SvrHeneageFinch, Sir Philip W, and Serjeant

ton, do manage the Conference, and make Report thereof.

The Messengers being again called in, Mr. Speaker gave them this Answer;

The House have considered of your Message; and they will presently meet with the Lords in a Conference, as is desired.

Sir Heneage Finch reports, that the Lords had passed a Vote and Resolution, wherein they desired the Concurrence of this House: Which Vote and Resolution is as followeth:

We the Lords and Commons do humbly tender our Acknowledgments and Thanks unto Your Majesty, for that free and gracious Communication of Your Resolution to marry with the Infanta of Portugal which we conceive to be of lb high Concernment to this Nation, as that we receive it with great Joy and Satisfaction; and do, with all Earnestness, beg a Blefiing upon, and a speedy Accomplishment of it. And we cannot but express our own unanimous Resolutions, (which we are confident will have a general Influence upon the Hearts of all Your Subjects) that we shall, upon all Occasions, be ready to assist Your Majesty, in the Pursuance of those Your Intentions, against all Oppositions whatsoever.

Resolved, upon the Question, That this House doth concur with the House of Lords, in this Vote and Resolution: And

Ordered, That the same Persons, who managed the last Conference, do wait upon the Lords, to acquaint them, that this House had passed the like Vote and Resolution on Saturday last; and had received a Message from his Majesty, to attend him at Two of the Clock this Afternoon: And, if the Lords can be ready at that Time, this House will wait upon them; or, otherwise, must observe the Time appointed.

Sir Heneage Finch reports, that he did acquaint the Lords with the said Message.

A Message from the Lords, by Dr. Bennet and Dr. Childe;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have dispatched my Lord Chamberlain to his Majesty; and desire the Patience of this House to fit till his Return.

Resolved, upon the Question, That this House will fit, till they do receive an Answer from the Lords.

The Messengers being again called in, Mr. Speaker gave them this Answer,

The House hath considered of your Message; and will fit, till they do receive an Answer from the Lords.

A Message from the Lords, brought by Mr. Baron Atkins and Mr. Baron T\urner;

Mr. Speaker, His Majesty hath appointed Four of the Clock this Afternoon, for Reception of both Houses, in the Banqueting-house at Whitehall.

Ordered, That the Speaker of this House, being accompanied by all the Members thereof, do, with the House of Peers, wait upon his Majesty, in the Banqueting-house at Whitehall, at Four of the Clock this Afternoon, Recording to his Majesty's Appointment, to present the said Vote and Resolution of both Houses: And, in order thereunto, the House adjourned till Three of the Clock this Afternoon.

The Judges being Called in, Mr. Speaker acquainted them, that he, being accompanied with the Members of this House, would wait upon his Majesty, with the House of Peers, in the Banquetting-House at , at Four

of the Clock this Afternoon, according to his Majesty's Appointment.

Ordered, That no Committee shall fit this Afternoon.

And the House adjourned till Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Eodeni) pofi Meridiem.

'THE House then met, according to Appointment: AndMr.Speaker, being accompanied with the Members, did go to wait upon his Majesty, with the House of Peers, to present the said Vote and Resolutions, according to the said Appointment.

And adjourned till Eight of the Clock Tomorrow Morning. "

Martisy 140 Die M, i)°Caroli.

Prayers.

A Petition preferred to this House, in the Name of Sir John Munfon and others, was this Day read. Ordered, That a Bill be brought in with the Petition and then this House will take the same into Consideration.

Mr. Speaker reports to the House, that the Lord Chancellor being attended with the Lords, and Mr. Speaker being attended by the Members of this House, they were together led up to the King's Majesty in the Banqueting-house: And, both of them holding in their Hands a Copy of the Vote and'Resolution of both Houses, the Lord Chancellor read the same to his Majesty, in these Words following:

We the Lords and Commons do humbly tender our Acknowledgments and Thanks unto Your Majesty, for that free and gracious Communication of Your Resolution to marry with the Infanta of Portugal; which we conceive to be of so high Concernment to this Nation, as that we receive it with great Joy and Satisfaction j and do, with all Eameftnels, beg a Blessing upon, and a speedy Accomplishment of it. And we cannot but express our own unanimous Resolutions, (which we are confident will have a general Influence upon the Hearts of all Your Subjects) that we shall, upon all Occasions, be ready to assist Your Majesty, in the Pursuance of those Your Intentions, against all Oppositions whatsoever.

The King was pleased to desire the Lord Chancellor to return his Thanks to the House of Lords; and then commanded the Speaker of this House to return his Thanks unto the Commons} and to inform them, that he did, in the Matter of his intended Marriage, as much study their Good, as his own: And so took his Leave of them both.

Ordered, That the said Vote and Resolution of both Houses, so presented to his Majesty, be printed: And that the Lords Concurrence be desired to the printing thereof: And that Sir William do attend the Lords for their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Sir Richard , Sir Robert Atkyns,

Sir John Gooderickt Sir Philip , Sir Solomon

Swaile, Serjeant Charlton, Mr. , Mr.

Mr.

"Mr. Lowther, Mr. Huffey, do look into all the Journals

of the Long Parliament, since his late Majesty departed from London, till the Dissolution thereof , and make Re-

port of what they shall think fit to be expunged thereout, as treasonable, and scandalous to his Majesty, and his Royal Father, of blessed Memory.

Ordered, That they likewise make Search in the several Courts of Justice, whether the traiterous Writing, called Theinstrument of Government, be there remaining; and that they report, how they find the fame.

Ordered, That Sir Solomon , Mr. , Mr.

Goodrich, Mr. Yorke, and Mr. , do every Saturday

Night peruse the Journal of this House, as to all the Passages of the Week precedent, and to see that right Entries be made thereof.

Ordered, That none of the Proceeding of this House "be printed, without the Order of this House.

A Bill for the Uniting of the Parfbnages of St. ,'

arid Witton St. Mary in Drcytwich, was this Day read

the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read the Second time this Day Fortnight. '

A Bill for securing and preserving his Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts, was this Day read the Second time; and, on the Question, committed to Lord , Lord Corn-

lury, Sir Ralph Baneks, Serjeant Charleton, Sir Allen Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Henage , Mr.

Mr. Coventry, Mr. Torke, Sir Wm. Compton, Sir Phil. Warwicke, Mr. Laur. Hide, Lord Faulkland, Sir shaw, Sir Geo. Ryve, Mr. Wm. Sandys, Mr. Samuel -dys, Sir Anth. Cope, Sir Ja. Smith, Lord Brereton, Sir Rich. Ford, Sir Wm. Doyle, Sir Chichejley Wray, Mr. John

Ashburnham\ Sir Allen Broadrick, Sir Cha. Cornwallis, Mr. Bullen Reymes, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Mr. Staf-

ford, Mr. Gawdy, Mr. Mountague, Sir Cha.

Mr. Fane, Sir Jervas Clifton, Mr. Heath, Sir

fey, Mr. Bunckley, Mr. Jones, Mr. Cotton, Mr.

ivell, Serjeant Maynard, Lord Bruce, Sir Rob.

Mr. Spencer, Lord Richardson, Sir Wm. Smith, Sir Meeres,- Sir John Barrington, Sir Hen, Herbert, Mr. Huffey. Sir Wm. Stroud, Sir Lancelot Mr. John Mr. Goodrich, Mr. ThurlandMr. Mr. Stain-

fen, Hugh Bofcowen, Mr. Phillips, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Hen. Worsley, Sir Just. Ifarn, Mr. Mr. Orme,

Mr. Kirkby, Colonel Coryton, Sir John Roll, Sir Math.

Apleyard , Sir John Goodrich, Mr. Knight, and all other Members of the House which are of the Long Robe: And they are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock; and to adjourn de die in diem as they shall think fit: And it is specially recommended to Mr. Chicheley to procure the Dispatch thereof.

Resolved, upon the Question, That no Member of this House, that is not of this Committee, is to have any Vote thereat.

Sir William Doyley made Report to this House, That the Lords would fend an Answer by Messengers of their own.

A Message, by Dr. Child and Dr. Bird, Two of die Masters of Chancery;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords return this Answer; That they have ordered the Votes of both Houses, that were made Yesterday, to be printed, already.

Ordered, That Sir Heneage Finch and Serjeant Charlton do prepare and bring in a Bill for fetding the Militia of this Kingdom, and the Dominions thereto belonging.

A Bill for confirming of publick Acts was this Day read the Second time; and, on the Question, committed to Sir Tho. Fanfbawe, fen. Sir Allen Apjley, Mr. Orme, Sir

Just. Ifham, Sir John Goodrich, Sir Edm. Peirce, Sir Ralph

Baneks, Sir Edm. Pooley, Sir Fra. Lawley, Sir Allen Broadricke, Sir Hen. Newton alias Puckering, Sir Tho. shall o, jun. Sir Fra. Vincent, Mr. Jeffery Palttjer, Dr. Burrell, Mr. Wren, f)r. Craddock, Sir Rich. Francklin,

Sir Phil. Musgrave, Sir Cha. Cornwallis, Mr. Mountague,

Mr; Wm. Herbert, Mr. Ja. Herbert, Sir John wayes. Sir Rich. Fanfhaw, Sir John Barrington, Sir Rich.

Probert, Sir Henage Finch, Mr. Bunckley, Mr. Gyles Strangwayes, Sir Tho. Meeres, Mr. Bullen Reymes, Mf." Churchill, Nix. Lucy, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Clarke, Mr* Vicechamberlain, Sir Wm. Morrice, Sir Rich. Onslow,

Sir Hen.Lee, Sir Wm. Sandys, Mr. Swantoti, Mr. Tucker,

Sir Fra. Clarke, Mr. Laur. Hidt‘, Mr. Mount agile. Sir Cha. Harbord, Lord Combury , Mr. Heath, Sir Edw. Majfey, Mr. John Jones, Mr. Cotton, Mr. Dowdfwell, Sir Rich, Everard, Mr. Gold, Mr. Bulteele, Sir Bennett, Sir Bcnj. Ayloffe, Sir John Brampfton, Lord St -. Johns, Lord Bruce, Lord Rosse, Mr. Swinfen, Mr. Griffin, Mr. Clifford, Sir Tho. Dike, Mr. MorSir Courtney Poole, Sir John Pelham, Sir John Covert, Sir John Norton, Colonel Phillipps, Sir John Pa; Sir Rob. Bowles, Lord Newburge, Lord Mandevile, Sir Throgmorton,

Sir Math. Appleyard, Colonel Adam Browne, Sir Jervas Clifton, Mr. Goreing, Sir Rich. Lukener, Sir Adrian Scroope,

Sir Rich. Graham, Sir Tho. Middleton, Sir Norton Knath-bull. Sir Wm. Doyly, Sir Hen. Lingen, Mr.

Mr. Edw. Smith, Colonel Fretcbvile, Captain Sherard,

Sir John Holland, Mr. Gawdy, Sir Rich. Temple, . Mr.' Chichley, Colonel Birch, Mr. Clifford, Mr. Bifcowen, Sir Geo. Ryves, Sir Wm. Stroud, Sir Win. Compton, Mr; Lowther, Sir Oatelcy, Sir Hen. North, Sir John Trctt, Colonel Sandys, Ix>rd Rich. Butler, Lord Mandevile, Sir Rob. Howard, Colonel Kirkby, Mr. Trelawney, Mr. Rigby, Sir Solomon Swayle, Mr. Lord Faulk-

land, Sir Anth. Cope, Sir Edm. Windham, Sir John wayes, Mr. Steward, Mr. Manwaring, Mr. Churchill, Mr. Lewis Palmer, Mr. Hen. Coventry, Sir Tho.

Mf. Brooke, Sir Rich. Wyn, Mr. Stafford, Mr. Tomkins, Mr. Wendy, Sir John Torke, Sir Geo. Mr;

Knight, Mr. Thurland, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Mr. Mar-vile, Lord Brereton, Mr. Griffen, Mr. Secretary Morrice, Colonel Trelawney, Sir Phil. Howard, Sir John Pelham, Mr. Stanley, Sir Roger BradfhawSir John Barrington, Mr. Ja. Herbert, Sir Phil. Warwick, Mr. Glasscocke,

Sir John Morley, Sir Tho. Strickland, Sir Clement Fisher, Serjeant Charleton, Captain Sherrard, Sir Wm. Stroud, Lord Willoughby, Lord Spencer, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Lucy, Mr. Clerke, Sir Broome Wherwood Mr. Hugh Bifcowen, Sir Tho. Leigh, Sir John Rolls, Mr. Stanhop, Mr. Coriton, Mr. Huffey, Sir Tho. Uttletbn, Sir Sir

Gilbert Gerrard, Lord Ancram, Mr. Newton, Mr. Whitley, Mr. Bennett, Sir John Nicholas, and all other Gendemen of the House that are of the Long Robe.

And it is Resolved, upon the Question, ' That the said Committee shall compare the Titles of the Act of Pardon, Indemnity, and Oblivion; and the Act for Confirmation of judicial Proceedings; of the Act for taking away the Court of Wards, and Liveries, and Tenures; and of the several Acts touching his Majesty's Revenue; in the said Bill mentioned, with the Acts themselves; and to examine whether the same be right, for Form only; but to return the same back to this House, without any Alteration as to the Substance of the said Acts: And as to the other Acts, in the said Bill mentioned, the said Com-.mittee is to take the same into their Consideration; and to proceed therein according to the usual Course: And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Inner Court of Wards: And the said Committee is desired to give a speedy Dispatch thereunto.

And the Question being put, that all the Members of this House, who are not of that Committee, shall have Votes at the said Committee;

The House was divided:

And the Yeas went forth.

1 Rrr Lord

Lord Aitcrant, t Tellers for the Yeas:

Lord Falkland, I With the Yeas, 1 12 9*

Lord Bruce, (Tellers for the Noes: 7

Lord Mandevill,t With the Noes, J zog.

So it palfed in the Negative.

And the House adjourned till Eight of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Mercurii, 150 die Maii> 13 Caroli.

Prayers.

TD Efolved, upon the Question,- That a new Writ do

A issue for the Election of a Burgess for the Town of Haverford-West, in the County of the former

Writ having mifearried; and that Mr. Speaker do make a Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown to issue a Writ accordingly.

A Petition, preferred to this House in the Name of Sir William Platers Knight and Baronet, Sir John Hewet Baronet, and others, claiming under the original Adventurers of the great Level of the Fens, was this Day read.

A Bill concerning the great Level of the Fens was read the First time this Day.

Resolved, That the same be read again the Second time, on Friday next coroe Sevennight.

Another Bill, for draining the great Level of the Fens, was read the First time this Day.

Resolved, That the said Bill be read again the Second time, on Friday next come Sevennight.

A Petition, preferred to this House by George Liddell against Sir John Morley Knight, one of the Burgesses for Newcastle upon Tyne, in the County of was this Day read.

Ordered, That the Petitioner be brought to the Bar; of this House, to fee whether he would justify his Petition: Arid he, being brought to the Bar of this House, did own and justify the said Petition, and his Name subsenbed thereunto to be his.

Jovisr 16° die , 1661.

Prayers.

SErjeant Charlton reports from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, concerning the double Return for the City of Brijloll, That Thomas Earl of Ojfory, and John Knight Esquire, were returned as Citizens to serve for the said City of Brijloll by one Indenture; and Sir Humphrey Hook Knight, and John , were returned by another Indenture; and that Sir Humphrey Hooke subscribed to the Election of the Earl of Ojfory, and sealed to his Return, and renounced his own Election; and the Opinion of the said Committee thereupon, that the Return was therefore single; and that Sit Humphrey Hook might renounce his Return and that the Earl of Ojfory ought to fit, till the Merit of the Cause touching the said Election were determined.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee; and that the Earl of Ojfory do fit in the House, till the Merits of the Cause touching the said Election be determined.

Serjeant Charltonalfo reports from the said Committee,

touching the double Return for the City of Bath, That Alexander Popham Esquire, and William Pryn Esquire, were returned as Citizens to serve for the said City of Bath by the Mayor and Aldermen only in one Indenture; and Sir Charles Berkly and Sir Thomas Bridges by the Aldermen only in another Indenture; and the Opinion of the said Committee thereupon, that the said Mr. Popham and

Mr. Pryn ought to fit,-till the Merits of the Cause touching the said double Return be returned.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the said Committee; and that Mr. Popham and Mr. Pryn do lit in this House, till the Merits of the Cause touching the said Election be determined.

Ordered, That the Petition of Sir Charles Berkley Knight, Comptroller of his Majesty's Houshold, and Sir Thomas Bridges Knight, now presented to this House, be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections.

Serjeant Charleton also reports from the said Committee, touching the several Returns for the Town of Bedford, That John Keeling Serjeant at Law, and Richard Taylor Esquire, were returned, in two Indentures, by the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses; and that Sir Satnuel Luke and Mr. Taylor were returned in another Indenture by the Mayor; and the Opinion of the Committee, that Serjeant Keeling ought to fit, till the Merits of the Cause touching the said Election be determined.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the said Committee; and that Serjeant Keeling do fit in this House, until the Merits of the Cause tpuching the said Election be determined.

Serjeant Charleton makes Report from the same Committee, touching the double Returns for the Borough of Truro, That Nicholas Arundell Esquire, and Edward Bofcowen Esquire, were returned, by one Indenture, by the Mayor; and William Bruarton Esquire, and Arthur Trevor Esquire, by another Indenture, to which the Mayor refused to put his Hand: And the Opinion of the Committee is, that Mr. Arundell and Mr, ought to

fit, till the Merits of the Cause touching the said Election be determined.

Resolved, That this House agree with the fad Committee; and that Mr. Arundell and Mr. Bofcowen do fit in this House, till the Merits of the Cause touching the said Election be determined.

Serjeant Charleton makes Report from the feme Committee, touching the several Returns for the Borough of Bodmin, That Sir John Carew was returned in Two single Indentures by the Mayor; that Hender Roberts Esquire was fikewife returned in Two single Indentures, whereof one was by the Mayor; that the said Mr. Roberts and Sir James Smith returned by another Indenture; and the said Sir John Carew and Barnard Greenvil Esquire by another Indenture; and the Opinion of the Committee, that Sir John Carew and Hender Roberts, being only returned by the Mayor, do fit, until the Merits of the Cause touching the said Elections be determined.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the said Committee, that Sir John Carew and Hender Roberts, being only returned by the proper Officer, do fit in this House, till the Merits of the Cause touching the said Elections, be determined.

Serjeant Charleton also reports from the feme Committee, touching the several Returns for the Borough of Camelford, that Thomas Coventry Esquire, and Charles Rofcarriek Esquire, are returned by several Indentures by the Mayor; and Barnard Greenvile Esquire by another

Indenture by the Burgesses; and the Opinion of the Committee, that Mr. Coventry and Mr. Rofcarriek do fit, until the Merits of the Cause touching the said several Elections be determined.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the said Committee; and that Mr. Coventry and Mr. Rofcarricke do fit in this House, until the Merits of the Cause touch-. ing the said several Elections be determined.

Serjeant Charleton also reports from the same Committee, touching the several Returns for the Borough of Bojftny, That Robert Roberts Esquire, and Richard Rouse . Esquire, are returned by the Mayor in Two several Indentures; and Anthony Fuller Esquire, by the Burgesses

in

in another Indenture; and the Opinion of the Committee, that Mr. Roberts and Mr. Rouse ought to fit, until the Merits of the Cause touching the said Elections be determined.

' Resolved, That this House doth agree with the said

Committee; and that Mr. Roberts and Mr. Rouse do fit in this House, until the Merits of the Cause touching the said Elections be determined. . "

Serjeant Charletonreports from the same Committee,

touching the several Returns for the Borough of St.

That James Praed Esquire, and Edw: Nofworthy Esquire,

are returned in several Indentures by, the Mayor; and John 'Bajfett Esquire in another Indenture by the Burgesses j and the Opinion of the Committee, that Mr. Praed and Mr. 'Nofzvorlby do fit in this House, till the Merits of the Cause touching the said Elections be determined.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the said Committee; and that Mr. Praed and Mr. do

fit in this House, till the Merits of the Cause touching the said Elections be determined.

Serjeant Charleton also reports from the said Committee, touching tire double Returns for the Borough of St. chaell-, that Sir Edward Mosely, and Mathew IVren Esquire,

ire returned in Two several Indentures by John Wood* house, Deputy Portreve , Sir Peter , and Humphrey Borlace Esquire, and the said Mr. , in another

Indenture by Mr. Nancharrau, who pretended to be a Deputy Portreve, whole Deputation was revoked > and the Opinion of the Committee, that the fad Sir Edward Mosely, and Mathew Wren, only ought to fit, until the

Merits of the Cause touching the said Elections were determined.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the said Committee; and that Sir Edward Mosely and Mr. Wren do fit in this House, until the Merits of the Cause touching the said Elections be determined.

Serjeant Charleton also reports from the said Committee, upon the several Returns lor the Borough of St. Mawes, That Arthur Spry Esquire, and Sir William , are

returned in several Indentures by the Mayor; and Sir Richard Vivian in another Indenture by the Burgesses j and the Opinion of the Committee, that Mr. Spri and Sir William Tredenbam ought to lit, till the Merits of the

Caule touching the said Elections be determined.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the said

Committee; and that Mr. Spry, and Six William,

do fit in this House, until the Merits of the Cause touching the said Elections be determined

Serjeant Charlton also reports from the said Committee, touching the Return of the Borough of , That

George Howard Esquire, and Sir John are returned

by the Mayor and Burgesses in one Indenture , and William Russell Esquire, and Sir John Davy, by the Port-

reve alone in another Indenture, and that the Borough is not therein mentioned and the Opinion of the Committee, that Mr. Howard, and Sir John Davy, should fit; and that the Return of the said Mr. Russell is void.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the said Committee , and that the said Mr. Howard, and Sir John Davy do fit in this Hottfe j and that Mr. Russell & Return is void.

Serjeant Charleton also reports from the fad Committee, touching the double Returns for That Sir John

Maynard Knight, Serjeant at Law, and George Howard Esquire, are returned in one Indenture by the Mayor j and Sir John Maynard and Elizeas Crymes in another Indenture, by the Burgesses; and the Opinion of the said Committee, that Serjeant Maynard, and Mr. Howard, do fit in this House, until the Merits of the Cause touching the said Elections be determined.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that Serjeant Maynard, and Mr. Howard, do fit in this House, until the Merits of the Cause touching the said Elections be determined.

Serjeant Charlton also reports from the said Committee, touching the double Return for the Town of Poole, That John Morton Esquire, and William Esquire, are

returned by one Indenture , and John Morton Esquire, and Sir John Fitz-James, by another Indenture j and all by the chief Officers , and the Opinion of the Committee, that both Mr. Constantine, and Six John. Fitz-James, do forbear to fit in this House, till the Merits of the Caule tpuch-ir.g their Elections be determined.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that both Mr. Constantine, and Sir John Fitz-James, do forbear tp fit in this House till the Merits of the Cause touching their Elections be determined!

Serjeant Charlton also reports from the said Committee, touching the double Return for the Borough of Wareham, That George Pytt Esquire, and Robert Esquire, are

returned in one Indenture by the Mayor; and the said Mr. Pitt, and Robert Lawrence Esquire, in another Indenture, by the Burgesses j and the Opinion of the Committee, that Mr. Culleford ought to fit, till the Merits of the Cause touching the said Elections be determined.

Resolved, That this Hobfe doth agree with the Committee, that Mr. Culleford do lit in this House, till the Merits of the Causes touching the said Elections be determined.

Serjeant Charlton also reports from the said Committee,

touching the double Return for the City of Hereford, That Sir Henry Lyngen Knight, and Sir Edward Hopton Knight, are returned by one Indenture and Herbert Westfalin Esquire, and Sir Henry Lingen Knight, are returned by another Indenture; and the Opinion of the Committee, that Sir Edward do fit in this House,

till the Merits of the Cause touching the said Elections be determined.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that Sir Edward Hopton do fit in the House, till the Merits of the Cause touching the said Elections be determined. 1;

Serjeant Charleton also reports from the said Committee, touching the double Return for the Borough of Leicesteri That John Grey Esquire, and Sir William Hartop Knight, are returned by one Indenture , and Sir William Hartop Knight, and Sir John Prettiman, Knight and Baronet, by another Indenture* and all by the proper Officer *, and the Opinion of the Committee, that both Sir John Prelti-man, and Mr. Grey, do forbear to fit in this House, until the Merits of the Cause touching the said Elections be determined.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that both Sir John Prettiman, and Mr. Grey, do forbear to fit in this House, until the Merits of the Cause touching the said Elections be determined.

Serjeant Charlton also reports from the said Committee, touching the double Return for the Borough of , That Robert Lord Willoughby of Earifby, and Sir Anthony Irby Knight, were returned by one Indenture by the Mayor; and Robert Lord Willoughby of Earifby, and Thomas Thory Esquire, by another Indenture, by the Burgesses *, and the Opinion of the Committee, that Sir Anthony Irby do fit in this House, till the Merits of the Cause touching the said Elections be determined.

Resolved , That this House doth agree with the said Committee, that Sir Anthony Irby do fit in this House, till the Merits of the Cause touching the said Elections bp determined.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the Calling-over of this House, in respect of the great Business of this Day,

be

be now forborn; and that the House be called over on Saturday next, at Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

A Bill for Confirmation of certain Decrees, made for the Level of Ancolne, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read again the Second time on Wednesday next*

A Bill to enable John Harbin Esquire to rtiake Sale of his Lands to pay his Debts, and make Provision for younger Children, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read again the Second time on Wednesday next*

Ordered, That the Bill for vacating of Cohveyances passed by Sir John Packing ton and his Lady, of certairi Lands at Aylesbury, be read first Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill for reviving a Settlement of certain Lands on John Orlibearefor Life, with Remainder to his Son, be read in the Second Place Tomorrow Morning.

Upon Report made by Mr. Vaughan from the Committee for confirming of publick Acts;

Resolved, upon the Question, that the said Committee have Power to make a Sub-Committee, to look upon the original Records of the Acts of Pardon, Indemnity, and Oblivion; of the Act for Confirmation of judicial Proceedings; of the Act for taking away the Court of Wards, and Liveries, and Tenures; and of the several Acts touching his Majesty's Revenue; mentioned in the Bill to them committed; and fee that the Titles do agree: And that the said Committee have Power to fend for Persons, Papers* and other Records, as they shall think fit.

Sir Philip Warwick reported from the Committee, to whom the Consideration of the Bill for leaning and preserving of his Majesty's Person,..... several Amendments to be made in' the said Bill:

And the first Amendment, being for filling up of the Blank in the first Line, and the third Page, the fame, being twice read, and put to the Question, was agreed upon.

And the Second Amendment, being in the Fifteenth Line of the same Page, was twice read; and the Word " or," in the First Place, being made " and, " the same was again twice read; and put to the Question; and the Words " lawful and credible," being inferred into the said Amendment, the same was again twice read; and being then put to the Question, was agreed upon, in all the said Amendments.

And the Third Amendment, being for filling up the Blank in the Second Line of the Fourth Page, the same being twee read, and put to the Question, was agreed unto.

And the Fourth Amendment, being in the Third Line of the same Page, was twice read; and the Word " or," in the first Place, being made " and, " the same was again ^wice read; and put to the Question, and agreed unto.

And the Fifth Amendment, being in the Eighth Line of the Fifth Page, being likewise twice read; and the Word "or" therein made " and the same being again twice read, and put to the Question, was also agreed unto.

And the Sixth Amendment, being in the Twelfth Line of the same Page, was also twice read; and, being put to the Question, was agreed unto.

And the Seventh Amendment being in the Fourteenth Line of the said Fifteenth Page, was also twice read; and, being put to the Question, was agreed unto.

Resolved also, upon the Question, That these Words, " or against," between the Words and in the same Line, be left out; and that in the Fifteenth Line of the same Page, these Words " to the same Effect" be inserted, instead of these Words, " to such, or the like Effect Which Amendment being twice read, and put to the Question, was agreed unto.

Resolved also, upon the Question, That thele Words,

and indicted thereupon within Three Months after such Prosecution," be inserted between the Words *, and

* in the Line of the Page: Which said Amendment being twice read, and put to the Question* waS agreed unto.

And it was Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Bill for securing and preserving his Majesty's Person and Government, with the Alterations and Amendments aforesaid, be ingrafted.

Resolved, Upon the Question, That it be referred to

Mr. Thurland, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Serjeant Charleton, Mr. Mint, Mr. Streets, Mr. Prinn, Sir Solomon Sir

John Goodrich, Sir Thomas Mers, Sir Robert Atkyns, Mr. Robert Walker, or any Three of them, to prepare and bring in a Bill to prevent the ill Consequences in Government, by the Quakers, Anabaptists, and other Schifma-ticks, refusing to take Oaths, and numerously and unlawfully convening together; with such Penalties as may be suitable to the Nature of those Offences, and may be profitable to work upon the Humour of such Fanaticks.

Forafmtrch as this Hotife Was informed, that Sir Henry Wright, a Member of this House, is much indisposed in his Health;

Ordered, That he hath the Leave of this House to go into the Country, for the Recovery of his Health.

And the House adjourned till Eight of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

. ----- -- - — - -4 — j — , ----- ----- ---£ -

Vmens, 17 Matty 13 Car. 1661. Prayers.

MR. Serjeant Charleton reports from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the double Return for the Town of Brackley, That Sir William Fanner Knight, since deceased,' and Robert Spencer Esquire, were returned by one Indenture, by the Mayor; and Sir Thomas Crew by another Indenture, by the Burgesses; and the

Opinion of the Committee, that Robert Spencer Esquire, being returned by the proper Officers, do lit, until the Merit of his Caul'e touching the said Election be determined.

Resolved, That this House do agree with the said Committee; and that the said Mr. Spencer, being returned by the proper Officers, do fit in this House, until the Merits of the Cause touching the said Election be determined.

Mr. Serjeant Charleton reports from the same Committee, touching the Returns for the Borough of Milborne Port, That Francis Windham Esquire, and Michael Mallet Esquire, are returned by one Indenture; and that Henry Milbume Esquire, and Michael Mallet Esquire, are returned by another Indenture; that the first Indenture is returned by one as Sub-Bailiff; and that the other Return concludes " incujus Rei T estimonVicecomes alteriparti

Sigillum suum appofuit;" and so the same appears to be rather a Counterpart, and no Original; and the Opinion of the Committee, that the last is no Return; and that the said Francis Windham ought to fit, until the Merits of the Cause touching the said Election be determined.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the said Committee; and that Mr. Francis Windham do fit in this House, until the Merits of the Cause touching the said Election be determined.

Serjeant Charleton reports from the same Committee, touching the double Return for Stockbridge, That Sir Robert Howard Knight, and Robert Phillips Esquire, are returned by one Indenture; and Henry Whitehead Esquire, and Sir Robert Howard by another Indenture; and the Opinion of the Committee, that the said Mr. Phillips, being

returned

13 Car. II. Journals of the House of Commons, 233

returned by the proper Officer, ought to fit, until the Merits of the Cause touching the said Election be determined.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the said Committee, that the said Mr. , being returned by

the proper Officer, do fit in this House, until the Merits of the Cause touching the said Election be determined.

Serjeant Charleton reports, from the same Committee, touching the double Return for , that Ifaae

Appleton Esquire, and 'Thomas Esquire, are re-

turned by one Indenture; and Sir Robert , and Sir Thomas Barnardston, by another Indenture and the

Opinion of the Committee, that Mr. Appleton and Mr, Walgrave, returned by the proper Officer, ought to fit, until the Merits of the Cause touching the said Election be determined.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee,: that the said Mr. Appleton and Mr. , be-

ing returned by the proper Officer, do fit in this House,-until the Merits of the Cause touching the said Election be determined.

Serjeant Charleton reports, from the same Committee, touching the double Returns for the Borough of Hojle-tnore, that James Gresham Esquire, and Cijute

Esquire, are returned by one Indenture; and George Evelin Esquire, and Thomas Morrice Esquire, by another Indenture; and the Opinion of the Committee, that the said Mr. Gresham and Mr. Chute ought to fit, until the Merits of die Cause touching the said Election- be determined.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the said Committee, that the said Mr. Gresham and Mr. Chute do fit in this House, until the Merits of the Cause touching the said Election be determined.

Serjeant Charleton reports, from the said Committee, touching the double Return for the Borough of Br amber, that John Byne Esquire, and Peirce Goring Esquire, are re-

turned by one Indenture; and the said John Byne Esquire, and John Parsons Esquire, by another Indenture; and the Opinion of the Committee, that the said Mr. Goring, being returned by the proper Officer, ought to fir, until the Merits of the Cause touchingv the said Election be determined.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the said Committee, that the said Mr. , being returned by the proper Officer, ought to fit in this House, until the Merits of the Cause touching the said Election be determined.

Serjeant Charleton reports, from the said Committee, touching the double Return for the Borough of Downton, that Gilbert Raleigh Esquire, and Walter Buckland Esquire,

are returned by one Indenture; and John Elliot Gentleman, and Giles Eyres Esquire, by another Indenture; and the Opinion of the Committee, that Mr. Raleigh and Mr. Buckland, being returned by the proper Officer, ought to fit, until the Merits of the Cause touching the said Election be determined.

Resolved, That this House agree with the said Committee, that the said Mr. Raleigh and Mr. Buckland, being returned by the proper Officer, ought to fit in this House, until the Merits of the Cause touching the said Election be determined.'

Serjeant Charleton reports, from the said Committee, touching the double Return for the Borough of ham, that Edward Hungerford Esquire, and Henry Bayn-ton Esquire, are returned by one Indenture; and Sir Hugh Speake Baronet, by another Indenture; and the Opinion of the Committee, that Mr. Hungerford and Mr. Boynton, being returned by the proper Officer, ought to fit, until the Merits of the Cause touching the said Election be determined.

Resolved, That this House do agree with the said Committee} that the said Mr. Hungerford and Mr. being returned by the proper Officer, ought to fit in this House} until the Merits of the Cause touching the said Election be determined.

Serjeant Charleton reports, from the said Committee* touching the double Return of the Town of Brecon, that Sir Herbert Price was. returned by one Indenture; and Kingsinell iMcy Esquire by another Indenture and the Opinion of the Committee, that Sir Herbert Price, being returned by the proper Officer} ought to fit, until the Merits of the Cause touching the said Election be determined.

Rejoined, That the House doth agree with the said Committee, that the said Sir Herbert Price, being returned by the proper Officer, ought to fit in this House} until the Merits of the Cause touching the said Election be determined.

Serjeant Charleton makes Report, from the same Committee, touching the double Return for the Borough of Bedwyn Magna, that Duke Stonehouse Esquire* and Henry Clarke Esquire, are returned by one Indenture; and the said Mr. Stonehouse, and Mr. Thomas Gaye, by another Indenture; and the Opinion of the Committee, that the said Mr. Clarke, being returned by the proper Officer* ought to fit, until the Merits of the Cause touching the said Election be determined.

Resolved, That this House do agree with the said Committee, that the said Mr. Clarke, being returned by the proper Officer, ought to fit in this House, until the Merits of the Cause touching the said Election be determined.

Serjeant Charleton reports from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Return for the Borough of Hattesbury in the County of Wiltes, that Sir Charles Berkley, and Henry Coker Esquire, are returned by one In* denture, and Sir Joseph Ash, and John Jolliff Esquire, by another Indenture , and the Opinion of the Committee* that neither of the Returns were good j and that a new Writ should issue.

Resolved, upon the Question, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that neither of the said Returns are good; and that Mr. Speaker do make a Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown for the Illuing of a new Writ, for a new Election for the said Borough.

Ordered, That the Marshal do clear the Lobby Stairs, and Court of Requests, and other Passages to this House* of the Lacqueys, and other Persons that give Disturbance to the Members of this House.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiff, and Part of the Commonalty, of the Borough of,

touching the Return for that Borough, was this Day read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Com- . mittee for Privileges and Elections, to take the feme into Consideration at their next Sitting, and to make Report thereof unto this House at their next Sitting after That; and that the Sheriff of Northamptonshire do attend the said Committee, at their next Sitting, to give an Account touching the said Election , whereof the Serjeant attending this House is to give him Notice.

Ordered, That Mr. Derham's Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for vacating of Conveyances passed by Sir John Packing ton and his Lady, of certain Lands at Aylesbury, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be read again the Second time on this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the Bill for reviving a Settlement of certain Lands on John Orlabeare for Life, with Remainder to his Son, be read the first Tomorrow Morning.

!Sff

A Bill for ordering the Forces in the fevetal Counties of this Kingdom, was this Day read the First time.

Resolvetd, That this Bill be read again the Second time on Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Sir Henry North be desired to prepare and bring in a Bill, Te-morrow Morning, to enable Churchwardens and Constables to levy Money for Repairs of Churches, and other Occasion's.

The Question being put, whether the main Question, that the Instrument or Writing, called, The SolemrvLeague and Covenant, be burned by the Hand of the Common Hangman, shall be put at this Time;

The House was divided thereupon:

And the Noes went forth.

The Lord St. John, t Tellers for the Yeas: \ Q

The Lord N\{co\.mtFalkland,\ With the Yeas, J22°* *

Secretary Morris, c Tellers for the Noes:1 Sir Robert Barnam, ( With the Noes, 1 I0^'

L So it passed in the Affirmative. v And the Question being put, that the Instrument or Writing, called. The Solemn League and Covenant, be burned by the Hand of the Common Hangman;

Resolved, upon the Question, That the Instrument or Writing, called. The Solemn League and Covenant, be burned by the Hand of the Common Hangman.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the Concurrence of the Lords be desired to this Vote.

- And then the House adjourned till Eight of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Sabbatiy 18a die Matty 130 Caroli. 'Prayers.

THIS House being informed, that Sir Anthony Irby, one of the Members thereof, had special Occasions, which required his speedy Repair into the Country,;

Ordered, That the said Sir Anthony Irby have the Leave

of this House to go into the Country.

A Bill for reviving of a Settlement made by George Orlibeare Gentleman was tips Day read the First time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be read again the Second lime on Wednesday next.

Ordered, That a Bill, enabling Sir Anthony Brown to fell Lands, which was now presented, be brought in by Mr.. Sicklemore, and read on Monday Morning next.

A Bill for the Continuance and Enjoyment of an Improvement made by ‘Thomas Derbam Esquire, in Derham and Roxam in the County of , was this

Day read the First time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be read again on this Day . Fortnight; against which Time the Parties concerned are to have Notice.

A Bill, enabling Churchwardens and Constables to afiefs and levy Monies for Repair of Churches, and upon other Occasions incident to their Offices, being prepared and brought in by Sir Henry Northwas this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read again the Second time

on Wednesday next.

'This Hotife being this Day called over, the Defaults of such Members, as did not appear, was taken notice of: And

Resolved, That the Members of this House, who were appointed Commissioners, by the Lord High Steward, to administer the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, or any Four or more of them, do meet this Day, in the Speaker's Chamber, at Three of the Ck>ck this Afternoon :. And that the Clerks of this House do attend them

with the Book of Returns, and the Notes of the Names of such Members as have taken the said Oaths, to the end they may compare the fame, and give an Account to this House, on Wednesday next, whether any Members do fit, who have not taken the said Oaths.

The Vote concerning the burning of the Writing of Instrument, called. The Solemn League and Covenant, being this Day resumed, the following Order was agreed upon:

Ordered, by and Commons, in Parliament assembled. That the Instrument or Writing, called. The Solemn League and Covenant, a Copy whereof is hereunto annexed, be burned by the Hand of the Common Hangman; and that all other Copies be taken down out of all Churches and publick Places in England and , and the Town of Berwickeupon , where the same are set up.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the Lords Concur-: rence be desired to this Order: And that the Lord Falkland do carry up the same to the Lords for their Con-, currence.

Resolved also, upon the Question, That the Committee, appointed to make Search for the traiterousWriting, called. The Instrument of Government, do peruse the Journals of this House, and fee a true Copy of the Instrument of Writing, called. The Solemn League and Covenant, be written, and annexed to the Order, which is to be carried up to the Lords.

And then the House adjourned till Eight of the Clock on Monday Morning.

Luncs, 200 Matty 130 Caroli,

Prayers.

f\Rdertd, That the Matter upon the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Part of the Commonalty of the Borough of , touching the

Return for that Borough, which stands referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, be taken into Consideration, by the said Committee, the first Cause Tomorrow; and that the same be reported to this House the next Day after: A«d the Sheriff is to have notice to attend, according to his former Order.

A Bill, enabling Sir Anthony Browne to fell Lands for Payment of his Debts, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read again the Second time on this Day Sevennight, being the Twenty-seventh of May Instant: And such Persons, as are concerned therein, are, in the mean time, to have notice thereof.

Ordered, That the Bill, now brought in, to enable the Sale of some of the Lands of William Milward Esquire, for Payment of some of his Debts, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill, now brought in, for preventing Abuses in dying of Silk, be likewise read Tomorrow Morning.

Upon the Petition of Thomas Hunt Esquire, and John Hunt Gentleman, his Brother;

Ordered, That a Bill, enabling them to fell Part of their Lands for Payment of their Debts, be brought in and read Tomorrow Morning.

Serjeant Charlton made Report, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election of George Evelin Esquire, and Thomas Morrice Esquire^ returned as Burgesses for Haflemore, in the County of by one Indenture; and James Gresham Esquire, and loner Chute Esquire, returned by another Indenture; and the Opinion of the Committee, that the Inhabitant-Freeholders, have only Voice in Election; and that the said

Mr. George Evelin, and Mr. Thomas had the

Majority of Voices, and were duly elected, and ought to fit: And

A Petition of James Gresham Esquire; and another of Michael Welland Esquire, and John Baldwin , touching ‘the same Matter; were now read.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Com-.mittee, that the Inhabitant-Freeholders there have only Voice in Elections; and that the said Mr. George and Mr. Thomas Morrice, had the Majority of Voices; and were duly elected; and ought to fit in this House as Burgesses for the said Borough of Hajlmere.

And the said Mr. Serjeant Charleton further reporting, from the said Committee, that the Bailiff of Haslemere laid, that, if they had but five Voices, he would have returned Mr- Chute and Mr. Gresham; and that it lay in his little

Pate to return whom he pleased:

Resolved, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this Lloufe do bring the Bailiff of Haslemere in Custody to the Bar of this House, To-rnorrow Morning, to answer his Misdemeanor in making the Return for the said Borough, and to amend the Return of the Writ.

Ordered, That, of the Committee hereafter named. Sir Richard Lloyd, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir John Goodricke, Sir Philip Warwick, Sir Solomon SwalSerjeant Charleton,

Mr. John Vaughan, Mr. Goodrick, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Hujjey, who are appointed to look into the Journals of the Long Parliament, and to make Search for that traiterous Writing, called. The Instrument of Government, and to erufe the Journals, and to fee a true Copy of the In-rument or Writing, called. The Solemn League and Covenant, to be written, and annexed to the Order, which is to be carried up to the Lords, any Three do make a Quorum.

‘ The Bill for securing and preserving his Majesty's Per-Ibn and Government against treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts, being ingrossed, was this Day read the Third time:

And, upon the Reading thereof, this House took Into Consideration a Proviso to be added thereunto: And Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Maynard, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Serjeant Charleton, Mr. Serjeant Keeling, and Mr. Swinfein, should withdraw into the Speaker's

Chamber, and pen the said Proviso: And adjourned the further Consideration thereof till Tomorrow Morning.

This House being informed, that John Grubbam How Esquire, one of the Knights of the Shire for the County of Glocester, had urgent Occasions to go into the Country;

Ordered, That the said Mr. How have the Leave of this House to go into the Country, about his Occasions.

Mr. Secretary Morrice delivered a Message from his Majesty to this House; That his Majesty's Desire was, that Sir John Morley's Miscarriages might be laid upon the score of his Infirmities; and that he might be restored to the good Opinion of this House, and to his Place therein.

A Message brought from the Lords, by Sir William Child and Dr. Wolrich;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a present Conference with the Members of this House, touching a Message they received this Morning from his Majesty.

And, they being withdrawn.

This House agreed to the said Conference.

~ And the said Messengers being called in again, Mr. Speaker gave them this Answer;

This House hath agreed to the Conference forthwith in the Painted Chamber.

And then Ordered the Earl of OJfery, Mr. Vicechamberlain, Mr. Secretary Morrice, Sir William Compton, Sir Philip Warwick, Sir John and Sir George

Reeve, to manage the Conference.

t

The Lord Falkland reports from the Lords, that he had carried up the Order to the Lords concerning the Burning of the Covenant; and that the Lbrds would fend an Answer by Messengers of their own;

Mr; Secretary Morrice reports, from the Conference had with the Lords, a Letter to his Majesty from the Estates of Parliament in Scotland; which his Majesty had Tent to the Lords this Morning: Which they had delivered to him to be communicated to this House; and was now presented by him to this House: Which Letter followed! in these Words:

For the K i n g's moll Sacred and Excellent Majesty.

Molt Sacred Soveran,

'T' H E many and great Blessings which this Your Ma-

jetty's ancient Kingdom does now enjoy, under the Administration of Your Royal Authority, and the Deliverance they have thereby from the Miseries, Bondage, and Tyranny, of those Twenty-three Years Troubles, have so ravished the Spirits of all Your good Subjects with Joy and Admiration, that, in a Sense of their by-palt Failings, and present Duties, we are obliged, in Dise charge of our Consciences and Trull, to allure Your Majesty, that this Kingdom doth conceive it their Happiness, above other Nations, to live under the Government and Protection of so religious, so wife, and so gracious a Prince; and will be zealous, that the Returns of their Duty and Allegiance shall be suitable thereunto; being ready, at all Occasions, to hazard their Lives and Fortunes in the Maintenance of Your Majesty's Authority and Government, in its present Constitution; and in every other Thing, that may concern Your Majesty's Royal Power, Prerogative, and Greatnels; by which alone the Liberties, Freedom, and just Interest, of Your People can be secured.

And since Your Majesty hath been pleased to declare Your gracious Acceptance of our weak, but faithful Endeavours, which we are obliged unto, in Discharge of that Duty we owe to God, and to Your Majesty, and for vindicating of the Honour and Justice of that glorious Martyr, Your Royal Father, and our native and dread Soveran of blessed Memory, we are thereby encouraged, as Your great Council, to represent to Your Majesty, that we conceive it necessary, for Your own Honour, for the Advancement of Your Sendee, and for securing a firm and iafting Peace to Your People, that Two hundreth Horse, and some Foot, for the necessary Garrisons, be kept on Pay; and that, beside these, there be a Militia of feme Troops, settled upon confiding Persons, in the several Counties of the Kingdom.

And it is our humble Desire, that, for the further endearing the Affections of Your People, and for com* pleting of their Happiness by Your Confidence in them. Your Majesty may be pleased to order, that all the Forces to be made use of within this Kingdom may consist of Natives; and that all other may be removed.

And, because many of our late Troubles were occasioned, either by the too much Countenance given to disaffected Persons, who employed the Royal Favours, and Crown Revenues, bellowed upon them, for keeping up those Troubles, or by the Unftreightness of feme publick Ministers, we are confident Your Majesty will have special Regard, in the dispensing of Favours and Trulls, to such as have been and are faithful to the Roydl Interests; which will be a great Satisfaction to the Generality and Body of this Kingdom, who are so loyal and affectionate to Your Majesty's Interest, as there is no Reason either to fear or flatter any who are otherwise disposed.

And, that Your Majesty may have the more full Account of our Actings, and of the Condition of this Kingdom, and Your Adairs in it, we have, with the Allowance of Your Commissioner (whose Loyalty, Prudence, and Faithfulness, in this his Trull, and in a more full

and

niniti7ed

r

and legal asserting of the Royal Power, than in any Age formerly, doth (much above what we are able) recommend him to Your Majesty's special Favour) made Choice of the Earl of Glencairne, Your Chancellor, and the Earl of

Rothes, President of Your Council, who have been eminently inllrumental in Your Service here, to wait upon Your Majesty j and do humbly recommend them, and their Employment, to Your favourable Acceptance , expecting such a gracious Return, as may be an Establishment to Your Majesty's Authority and Service, and an Encouragement to all honest Men and, among them, to

Your Majesty's most Humble, most Faithful, most Obedient Subjects and Servants,

The Estates of Your Parliament of Scotland.

Edinburgh, 24 April 1661.

And the said Letter being read;

Ordered, That the same be taken into Consideration on Monday next.

And then the House adjourned till Eight of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Mart is, 210 Matty 130 Car.

Prayers.

fjRdered, That the former Order be revived to the Members of this House, who were appointed Commissioners by the Lord High Steward to administer the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, or any Three or more of them, to meet this Day in the Speaker's Chamber, to the end that they, being attended by the Clerks with the Book of Returns, and the Notes of the Names of such Members as have taken the said Oaths, may compare the fame, and give an Account to this House, lb loon as they can, whether any Members do fit who have not taken the said Oaths; to which Purpose they are to lit from Day to Day, till that Business be completed.

The Petition of William Milliard Esquire, and Robert

Milvoard his Brother, was this Day read.

A Bill to enable the Sale of the Lands of the said William Milward, for Payment of feme of his Debts,

was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read again the Second time on this Day Sevennight: And all Persons concerned are to have Notice against that Time.

A Bill to enable the Sale of feme of the Lands of Thomas Hunt Esquire, and John Hunt Gentleman, for Payment of their Debts, was this Day read.

Resolved, That this Bill be read again the Second time on this Day Sevennight.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Child and Dr. Wolrich \

The laid Messengers being brought in, delivered this Message,

Mr. Speaker, In answer to the Message sent Yesterday to the Lords, for burning the Covenant, the Lords have sent back this Order.

The Contents of which Order were as followeth:

Die Luna., 20° Maii, 1661.

" The Lords, in Parliament assembled, having considered of a Paper, sent unto them from the House of Commons, for burning of an Instrument or Writing, called. The Solemn League and Covenant, by the Hands of the common Hangman, do order, that the Instrument or Writing, called. The Solemn League and Covenant, be burned by the Hand of the common Hangman, in the New Palace at Westminster, in , and before the Old Exchange, on Wednesday the Two-and-twentieth of

this Instant May , and that the said Covenant be forthwith taken oft the Records in the House of Peers, and in all

other Courts and Places where the same is recorded j and that all Copies thereof be taken down out of all Churches, Chapels, and other publick Places in England and , and the Town of Barwick upon , where the same are set up."

Ordered, That this Order be forthwith printed, and published."

The Bailiff of Haslemere being brought, by the Serjeant at Arms, to the Table of this House; and the Clerk of the Crown's Deputy attending with the Returns made for the said Borough of Hajlemore-, the Return of the Burgesses was taken off the File , and the Return of the Bailiff was amended, by the rafing out of the Names of Mr. Chute and Mailer Gresham, and by inferring of the Names of Mr. Evelin and Mailer Morris.

And the said Bailiff being the rt taken to the Bar of this House, Mr. Speaker did reprove him for his Offence j and did let him know, that he was worthy of severe Punishment, and liable to be sued at Law for his false Return:

And the said Bailiff, appearing to be a very ignorant Person, and craving the Mercy of this House, was commanded td withdraw.

And the said Bailiff, being again brought to the Bar of this House by the Serjeant at Arms, and humbly craving the Mercy and Pardon of this House upon his Knees;

Ordered, That he be discharged from the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, paying Ins Fees.

The Provilb, to be added to the Bill for securing and preserving his Majesty's Person and Government against traiterous and seditious Practices, and Attempts, which was directed to be penned by Mr. Serjeant Mr. Sollicitor General, Mr. Serjeant Charleton, Mr. Serjeant Keeling, and Mr. Swinfen, was this Day brought in,

and read the First time.

Resolved, That the said Provilb be read the Second time.

Which being done accordingly;

Resolved, upon the Question, That the same should be read the Third time.

Upon which Reading thereof;

Resolved, That the Word " and, " before the Words " Bodies Politick," should be struck out in the said Proviso.

Which being done at the Table accordingly;

Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Proviso be annexed, and made Part of the said Bill.

And the same was annexed accordingly.

And Two other Provisoes being then brought in to be added to the said Bill, the same was severally thrice read; and Resolved, upon the Question, to be both annexed, and made Part of the said Bill.

Which was done accordingly.

And a Question being put, that the Title of the said Bill should be. An Act for securing and preserving his Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts;

The same passed in the Affirmative, that this should be the Title of the said Bill.

And the Question being then put, that the said Bill for securing and preserving his Majesty's Person and Government against traiterous and seditious Practices and Attempts, with the said Three Provisoes, which had been every of them thrice read, and annexed, and made Part of the said Bill, should pals;

Resolved, That the said Bill, with the said Provisoes added thereunto, and made Part thereof, as aforesaid, should pals: And

Ordered, That Sir Heneage Finch, his Majesty's Sollicitor General, accompanied by the Members of this House, do carry up the said Bill to the Lords.

Which was done accordingly.

A Bill for the Indemnity of his Majesty's faithful Subjects, and to restore them to their Estates wrongfully taken from them, was this Day read the First time:

Ordered, That this Bill be taken into Consideration iti the first Place Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for preventing Abuses in dying Silk was thi6 Day read the First time, and laid aside: And

Ordered, That the Committee of Trade do prepare and bring in a Bill to prevent Abuses and Miscarriages in dying of Silk.

The House taking into Consideration the great Things his Sacred Majesty hath been pleased to do for his People, whichdeferved great Acknowledgments and that although a Revenue was appointed, it was to be feared the same Was not sufficient:

Resolved, That the Business, touching his Sacred Majesty's Revenue, and his present Supply, be resumed, and taken into Consideration in the first Place To-mor-row Morning.

Ordered, That the Anniversary Commemoration of his Majesty's Birth and Restoration on the Twenty-ninth Day of this Instant May be observed, by the Members of this House, in St. Margaret's Church in and that Dr. Peirce be desired then to preach -, whereof his Majesty's Soli icitor General is desired to give him notice: And the Members of this House are here to meet at Nine of the Clock that Day, to accompany Mr. Speaker to Church to Divine Service, and to hear the Sermon.

The Bill for ordering the Forces in the several Counties of this Kingdom, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Debate of the Matter of the said Bill be resumed, and taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock.

Mr. George Weld, one of the Members of this House, making Complaint of an Abuse, which he received from one Skinner, an Officer belonging to the Lords, when he

went up to the Conference Yesterday;

Ordered, That the said Mr. do reduce into Writing, under his Hand, the Manner of the said Abuse done to him, that Complaint may be made thereof to the Lords, to the end the Offender may be punished.

And then the House adjourned till Eight of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Mercurii, 2.21 Mait> 13°

Prayers.

A Bill to enable John Harbin Esquire to make Sale of his Lands, to pay- his Debts, and make Provision for younger Children, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed to Sir William Doyle, Sir William Lewes, Sir Hugh Windham, Mr. Churchill, Mr. Reyms, Mr. Swanton, Sir John Goodrich, Sir John Strangwayes, Mr. Gi Mr. Morton, Mr. Jeoffery Palmer, Sir John Colonel

Francis Windham, Dr. Craddock, Sir Robert Atkins, Mr, Yorke, Mr. Wm. Lowther, Sir Edmund Peirce, Sir Solo-

mon Swale, Sir Humphry Winch, Mr. Milward, Sir Thomas Meres, Mr. Lewis Palmer, Mr. Chrouch, Sir Benjamin Ayloff, and all the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, that serve for Sommerfetshire: And they are to meet in the Queen's Court, at Two of the Clock this Afternoon: And have Power to fend for all Parties concerned, Papers, Witnesses, and Records.

A Bill for Confirmation of certain Decrees made for the Level of Ancolne, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, That the same be committed to Sir Robert Atkins, Mr. William Lowther, Mr. Wharton, Colonel Gilby, Sir John Goodrich, Sir Sir Thomas

Dike, Sir John Pelham, Mr. Ofeild, Sir Edmund Peirce, Sir Charles Harbord, Mr. Long, Mr. Wm. Sands, Mr. Talbot, Sir John Rolls, Sir Humphry Winch, Sir John

Dawney, Mr. Prideauxi Dr. Chaddock, Sir John Yorke,

Sir Hugh Bethell, Mr. Lewis Palmer, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Thomas Strickland, Sir Richard Franklyn, Sir Thomas btr gram. Sir Matthew Appleyard, Lord Mr. Jeffery

Palmer, Mr. Mikwdrd, Sir Thomas Meres, Sir Philip Musgrave, Mr. Chetwynd, Lord Castleton, Sir John Hor

thorn. Sir Richard Braham, Sir Thomas Woodcock, Sir Wm. Hickman, Mr. Spencer, Mr. Clifton, Mr,

Sir Edmund Pooley, Sir George Sandys, Mr. Crouch, Sir Jervas Clifton, and all other Members of this House that serve as Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, for the County and City of Lincolne: And they are to meet in the Inner Court of Wards, on Friday next in the Afternoon, at Two of the Clock: And to have Power to fend for any Persons concerned. Papers, Witnesses, or Records, as they shall think fit.

A Bill for reviving of a Settlement made by George Griibear Gentleman, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, That the same be committed to Lord Bruce, Mr. Wm. Mountague, Mr. John George, Sir Charles Harr bord, Mr. Edward Smith, Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. George Mountague, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Yorke. Mr. Mallet, Mr, Crook, Mr. Richard Taylor, Mr. Wm. Coventry, Sir Thor mas Fanfhaw, Mr. Manwaring, Mr. Spencer, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Stafford, Mr. MillwMr. Mn

Lewis Palmer, Mr. Jeffery Palmer, Sir Robert Sir John Brampfon, Sir Edm. Bowyer, Sir Tho. Leigh,

Sir Tho. Ingram, Mr. Hen. Probey, Sir Wm. Doyley, Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. Chetwyn, Serjeant Gharleton, Sir Hen-age Finch, Sir Allen Broadrick, Mr. Flint, Sir Charles

Cornewallis, Sir Edm. Pooley, Mr. Wm. Sandys. Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Lancelot Lake, Sir Ckechester Wray, Mr. Pee-pis. Sir Edm. Peirce, and all other Members of this House* which serve for the Town, and County of Bedford: And they are to meet this Afternoon in the Star Chamber* at Two of the Clock: And have Power to fend for any Pert fons concerned, Papers, Wiiheffes, or Records, as they shall think fit.

A Bill for the Naturalizing of R-enee ie Sabran, being this Day read the First time;

Resolved, That the said Bill be read again the Second time To-morrojw Sevenr.ight.

Serjeant Gharleton reports from the Committee for Privileges and Elections, touching the Return for the Town of Northampton, That, to the Indenture returned by the Sheriff, wherein Sir John Norwich and Sir James Langham were named, there was mention made, as if the Mayor, who is the proper Officer, had joined therein-, and Wax, with a Paper about it, was affixed with a Label thereunto, but not the Mayor's Seal and that, to the other Indenture, brought in by the Mayor, and owned by him, whereby Sir James Langham, and Mr. were returned as Burgefl'cs for that Place, the Mayor's Seal was affixed; that the first Indenture came to the Sheriff's Hand die Fourth of May, and the latter not tift four Days after; that the Precept not being returned with the Indenture, and the Mayor having printed a Paper against the Sheriff, and refusing to come to speak with him, to give him-Satisfaction about-the Return, he forbore to return the latter, until he, being scandalized in Print, had publickly vindicated himself and the Opinion of the Committee, that the Sheriff is not guilty of any Misdemeanor, that deserves the Censure of this House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the Sheriff is not guilty of any Misdemeandr, that deserves the Censure- of this House.

And the said Serjeant Charleton further reporting from the said Committee, as their Opinion, That the said Sir James Langham, and Mr; Francis Harvey, being returned by the proper Officer, ought to fit, until the Merits of the Cause touching the Election be determined , and that the Indenture, whereby they are returned, ought to be put upon the File and that the other Indenture, wherein Sir John Norwich was named, not being made by the T t t proper

Cnnolp

2$8 Journals of the House of Commons. A. 1661.

proper Officer, was but in the Nature of a Certificate; so as he ought not to fit, until the Merits of the Cause be determined; and that that Indenture ought to be withdrawn:

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the said Committee, that the said Sir James Langham, and Mr. Francis Harvey, being returned by the proper Officer, ought to fit in this House, until the Merits of the Cause touching the said Election be determined; and that the Indenture, whereby they were returned, ought to be put upon the File , and that the other Indenture, wherein Sir John Norwich was named, not being made by the proper Officer, was but in the Nature of a Certificate; and that he ought not to fit, until the Merits be determined; and that that Indenture ought to be withdrawn.

And the Clerk, attending with both Returns at the . Table, did accordingly file the Return made by the Mayor, and took the other Certificate from off the File.

Sir Ralph Ashton, one of the Members of this House, desired he might be admitted to shew his Reason, why he could not (as his particular same was) with a good Confeience receive the Communion, as he was enjoined by the Order of this House.

Whereupon some other Members going about to draw into Debate the Order of this House, made the Thirteenth of May Instant, for all the Members of this House to receive the Communion, which is to be administered according to the Form prescribed in the liturgy of the Church of England, on Sunday next

The Question was put, that Liberty should be given to debate again the said Order;

And it paired in the Negative, that there should not be any Liberty given to debate the fame.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the Bill for settling the Forces in the several Counties of this Kingdom, be committed to a Committee of the wholfc House , to proceed de die indiem, at Ten of the Clock, till the same be completed.

Whereupon Mr. Speaker left the Chair:

And the House was resolved into a Grand Committee.

After which, Mr. Speaker taking the Chair again.

His Majesty's Sollicitor General made Report from the said Committee of the whole House, That the said Committee had taken the said Bill into their Consideration; and made some Proceedings therein. Thereupon

Resolved, That this House be adjourned till Friday Morning, at Eight of the Clock.

Veneris, 24 0 die Maii> 13° Car. 1661.

Prayers.

SIR Richard Lloyd Knight, being returned Knight of the Shire for Radnor, and Burgess for the Town of Cardiff, waved his Election as to the Town of Cardiff, and made Choice to serve as Knight for the County of Radnor:

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do make his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to issue a new Writ for the fle&ion of a new Burgess for the said Town of Cardiff.

A Bill for Confirmation of several Conveyances made by Sir Robert Howard Knight of the Bath, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be read again the Second time on Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That a Bill for settling several Lands, late of Sir Edward Bash Knight, upon Sir Ralph Bash Knight of the Bath, Heir of the said Edw, and his Heirs, which was this Day brought in, be read on Monday Morning next.

A Bill for the enlarging and repairing of Highways was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be read again the Second time on this Day Sevennight.

A Bill concerning the great Level of the Fen* was this Day read the Second time.

Another Bill for draining of the great Level of tht Fens was this Day also read the Second time.

Resolved, That both the said Bills be committed to Sir Henry North, Mr. Fane, Mr. Pepis, Mr. Prin, Mr.

Thurland, Sir Charles Harboard, Mr. Croutch, Sir Heneagt Finch, Sin Lancelot Lake, Sin Maurice Berkley, Mr. Crooket Mr. IFren, Mr. Bulteele, Mr. , Sir Philip Warwick, Sir Allan Brotherick, Mr. Jeoffery , Lord

Falkland, Sir Robert Atkins, Mr. Mr.

Sir John Goodricke, Mr. Wm. Sandys, Mr. Clifton, Mr. Swanton, Mr. Tucker, Sir Thomas Allen, Sir ard, Serjeant Charleton, Mr. Coventrye, Mr. Finch, Sir Allan Apjley, Sir Wm. Smith, Mr. Chetwind, Mr. Lewes Palmer, Sir Thomas Stukeley, Sir Thomas Meres, Mr. Street, Sir Humphry Bennett, Sir Wm. , Sir Rich-

ard Temple, Mr. Whittaker, Sir John Brampfion, Sir Benjamin Ayloff, Lord Cornberie, Sir Ifam, Mr. Lawrence Hide, Sir Thomas Fanshaw, Mr. Higgons, Mr. Jen-

nings, Mr. Richard Spencer, Lord Willoughby, Mr. Bennett, Mr. Knight, Mr. Goddard, Colonel Leg, Mr. Ash-bumham. Sir John Denham, Sir Richard Fanshaw, Sir John Talbot, Lord Bruce, -Sir John Hotham, Lord Offory\ Mr. Herbert Morley, Sir Henry Newton, Mr.

Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Gawdy, Mr. Torke, Mr.

Mr. Spencer, Mr. Lucy, Mr. Bunkley, Mr. Clifford, Sir Henry Herbert, Sir Nicholas Crisp, Mr. Sir

John Harriffon, Mr. Glascock, Mr. Waller, Lord Newburgh, Mr. Robert Longe, Mr. Rigby, Sir Philip grave. Sir Thomas Strickland, Sir Anthony Irby, Mr. Morton, Mr. Lowther, Sir Thomas Ingram, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Francis Windham, Sir Baynan Throckmorton, Sir Thomas Lee, Phillips, Sir Richard Sir Richard

Lloyd, Mr. Popham, Sir Henry Lee, Windham, Mr. Bifcowen, Sir Thomas Littleton, Sir John Covett, S

cis Lawley, Mr. Swinfein, Sir Wyche, Mr. Hunger-ford, Sir Clement Fisher, Sir George Reeve, Mr. Potter, Mr. Milward, Sir Henry WoSir John Barrington, Sir Humphry Wyncb, Sir John Shaw, Sir Robert Holt, Mr. George, Sir Thomas Peyton, Sir Wm. Hickman, and all the Members of this House, who serve for all the Six Counties, into which the said Level doth extend: And they are. to meet in the Exchequer Chamber, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, on Monday next: And to fend for Persons, Witnesses, Papers, and Records, as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Inhabitants of Waterbeach, Borisham, Swafain, B, and Swafain Prior, be referred to the Committee to whom the Two Bills concerning the great Level of the Fens were this Day gam-mitted.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Owners, Commoners, and Inhabitants of Brandon, be referred to the same Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Inhabitants of

ham be referred to the same Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Owners, Commoners, and Inhabitants of Mildenba, be referred to the same Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of Sir John Maynard Knight be referred to the same Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Queen's Majesty's Tenants of Somersham be referred to the same Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Inhabitants of Lar kenheath be referred to the same Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of Hockwold and , Feltwell and Methwold, be referred to the same Committee.

Ordered, That the ..... Inhabitants of the City of El) be refqrre^ to the same Committee.

Ordered,

13 Car. II. Journals of the House of Commons. 239

Ordered, That the Petition of 'Thomas Alleyn, Baldwin Arthur, and John Arthur, be referred to the same Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Town of be

referred to the same Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Town of

be referred to the same Committee.

Resolved, That no Members within the Six Counties, into which the great Level of the Fens do extend, nor any other Members of this House, who are Undertakers, or concerned, in point of Interest, as Adventurers or Undertakers therein, though particularly named, do fit, or have any Vote, at the Committee to whom the Two Bills concerning the great Level of the Fens, Were upon their second Reading this Day committed.

Ordered, That the Matter, touching his Majesty's Revenue and present Supply, be taken into Consideration the first Business on Monday Morning next.

Lunce, 2 70 die Matty 13° Caroli, 1661.

Prayers.

A Bill for Confirmation of the Charter and Privileges of the Master, Wardens, and Commonalty of Ciothiers, in the City of Worceftwas this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be read again the Second time on Thursday next.

Ordered, That the Committee of Trade do prepare and bring in a Bill to regulate the Clothing Trade.

Ordered, That a Bill to enable Rowland Okeover Esquire to fell certain Lands in the County of Derby be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Parish of St. Martin's in the Fields be referred to the Committee, that shall be appointed to consider of the Bill for Confirmation of private Acts.

A traiterous Writing, in Parchment, falsly intituled, An Act of the Commons assembled in Parliament, for Crestipg an High Court of Justice for trying and judging Charles Stuart, (intending thereby that undoubted Saint and Martyr King Charles the First, of ever blessed Memory) being this Day, in part, read; the House exprefifed their great Indignation against, and Detestation of it; and of the horrid consequences that ensued thereupon: And

Resolved.,upon the Question, nemine That

the said traiterous cursed Writing, in Parchment, called, An Act of the Commons assembled in Parliament, for efefting an High Court of Justice for trying and judging Charles Stuart, be burned on Morning, be-

ing the Twenty-eighth of May Instant, in Westminster-HaU, by the Hand of the common Hangman: And the Sheriff of Middlesex is to take Order, that the Executioner do perform this Service: And the Serjeant at Arms attending this House is to fee it done accordingly.

A traiterous Writing, in Parchment, called. An Act declaring and constituting the People of England to be a Commonwealth, or free State, being this Day read j Resolved, upon the Question, nemine contradicente. That the traiterous Writing, irt Parchment, called,. An Act declaring and constituting the People of England to be a Commonwealth, and free State, be burned, by the Hand of the Common Hangman, Tomorrow, being the Twen-.ty-eighth of May Instant, at the Old Exchange in London, at full Exchange-time, between the Hours of Twelve and One of the Clock: And the Sheriffs of London are to take Order, that the Executioner do perform this Service: And the Serjeant at Arms attending this House is to fee it done accordingly.

A treasonable Parchment Writing, called, An Act for subscribing the Engagement, being begun to be read this Day;

Resolved, upon the Question, nemine contradicente. That the said treasonable Writing, called. An Act for subscribing the Engagement, be burned. Tomorrow, at the Old Exchange, London, by the Hand of the common Hangman, at full Exchange-time, between the Hours of Twelve and One of the Clock: And the Sheriffs of London ire to take Order, that the Executioner do perform this Service: And the Serjeant at Arms attending thi$ House is to fee it done accordingly.

Resolved, upon the Question, nemine contradicente. That a treasonable Parchment Writing, called, An Act for renouncing and disannulling the pretended Title of Charles Stuart &c. be burned, in Westminster-Hdll, on next, by the Hand of the common Hangman: And the Sheriff of Middlesex is to take Order, that the Executioner do perform this Service: And the Serjeant at Arms attending this House is to fee it done accordingly.

Resolved, upon the Question, nemine contradicente. That a treasonable Parchment Writing, called. An Act for the Security of his Highness the Lord Protestor hi? person, and Continuance of the Nation in Peace and Safety, be burned, in Westminster Hall, on next, by the

Hand of the common Hangman: And the Sheriff of Middlesex is to take Order, that the Executioner do perform this Service: And the Serjeant at Arms attending this House is to fee it done accordingly.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be returned to Dr. Gunning, and Mr. Carpenter the Chaplain of thb House, for their Pains in preaching and administering of the Communion Yesterday; and that they be desired to print their Sermons: And Mr. Speaker is desired to give them the Thanks of this House.

A Bill of Sir Anthony Browne Knight, to enable him to fell Land to pay his Debts, and make Provision for younger Children, being this Day read the Second time;

Resolved, upon the Question,. That the said Bill be committed to Sir Edmund Peirce, Mr. Higgins, Sir, Thomas

Fanshaw, Sir Allen Apfiey, Sir Thomas Fan/haw, Sir

Bancks, Sir George Ryve, Sir Robert Atkins, Mr. , Sir Wm. Doyley, Mr. Sicklemore, Mr. Street, Mr. , Sir Richard Malliverer, Sir George Evelyn, Sir Anthony Cope, Mr. Gawdye, Mr. Shawe, Mr. RandaU Egerton, Sir Edward Seymor, Mr. Clarke, Sir Sir Henry

Felton, Sir Henry North, Sir Edmund Pooley, Sir Charles Comewallis, Sir John Rowfe, Lord Vaughan, Lord Falkland, Lord Bruce, Sir Wm. Compton, Mr. Sqndys, Sir John Goodricke, Sir Henry Wright, Mr. Sir Henry Newton, Sir John Talbot, Mr. Mumpeffon, Sir Benjamin Ayliffe, Sir John Brampftoy, Sir Richard Wifemanx Mr. Devereux, and all other Members that serve for the County of Essex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber, at Two of the Clock: And to fend for Persons, Papers, Witnesses, or Records, as they shall find Cause.

Mr. Steward making Report from the Committee of Grievances, that they had not, by the Order whereby they fat, any Power to fend for Persons, Papers, Witnesses, and Records,

Ordered, That the said Committee for Grievances have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, Witnesses, and Records, as they shall think fit: And that the Committees for Religion and Trade have the Idee Power.

Ordered, That the Chairman for the Committee of Grievances do fend an Order to Colonel Lewes Tremayne, to appear at the said Committee, on Wednesday the Twelfth of June next, to answer the Complaint against. him, contained in a Petition remaining with the said Committee \ and that he do lend a Copy of foe Petition wifo foe said Order.

Ordered

z6o Journals of thb House 0/.Commons. ifidi.

Ordered, That the Business touching his Sacred Majesty's Revenue, and his present Supply, be resumed, and taken into Consideration, in the first Place, on Thursday next, in the Morning.

Ordered, That the Letter from the Estates of Parliament in Scotland be taken into Consideration on Thursday the Sixth of June next.

Ordered, That the Petition of Dame be referred to the Committee, to whom the Two Bills concerning the great Level of the Fens do stand committed.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Inhabitants of

% amfioake cum Wretton be referred to the Committee, to whom the Two Bills concerning the great Level of the Fens do Hand committed.

And then the House adjourned till Eight of the Clock

Tomorrow Morning.

Martis, 28° Mali, 130 Car. Regis.

Prayers.

f pHiS House this Day received Information, that

1 Colonel William Ashburnham, one of the Members ©t tills House, was so sick and infirm, that he could not receive the Sacrament according to the Order of this House on Sunday last.

Ordered, That he be excused for not receiving the said Sacrament, until he shall recover his Health.

This House being this Day informed, that

Esquire, one of the Members of this House, was indisposed, and desired Leave to go into the Country;

Ordered, That the said Mr. Goddard, have the Leave of this House t6 go into the Country, for the Preservation of his Health.

This House this Day resuming into Debate the Orders made upon the Commitment of the Bills touching the 'great Level of the Fens, the Twenty-fourth of Mrylnstant;

' Ordered 'iThat the same be rectified; and that all the

Members of this House, who serve for the Six Counties into which the said Level doth extend , and all other Members, which are of that Committee, saving only such as are concerned in particular Interest, as Owners, Undertakers, or Adventurers; are to have Votes at the said Committee: Which is to meet in the ExchequerChamber, at Two of the Clock this Afternoon: And to fend for Witnesses, Papers, and Records: And that all the Petitions presented to this House, touching the said Level, be referred to the said Committee , and that they have Power to receive any other Petitions, which shall be presented to them concerning the said Matter.

A Bill for settling several Lands, late of Sir

Bash Knight, upon Sir Ralph , Knight of the Bath, Heir of the said Edward, and his Heirs, was this Day

read the First time.

Refolded, That this Bill be read again die Second time on this Day Sevennight. j

Ordered, That the Bill for the more speedy Way for Tanning, Currying, and Dressing, of all Sorts of Lea-' ther, be read on Thursday Morning next.

Ordered a ffo, Thar the Bill to enable the Sale of some of the Lands of Thomas Hunt Esquire, and John Hunt Gentleman, for paying off their Debts, be read again the ' Second time on Thursday Morning next.

Mr. Vaughan reports from the Committee of the Act

hr confirming of publick Acts, That the said Committee,

by the Order whereby they were constituted, were to compare the Titles of the Act of Pardon, Indemnity, and Oblivion; and of the Act for Confirmation of judicial Proceedings *, of the Act for taking away the Court of Wards, and Liveries, and Tenures; and of the several Acts touching his Majesty's Revenue, in the said Bill mentioned, with the Acts themselves *, and to examine whether the same were right, for Form only; but to return the same back without any Alteration, as to the Substance of the said Acts: That accordingly the said Committee had considered of the Tides of the Acts of Pardon, Indemnity, and Oblivion , and for Confirmation of judicial Proceedings , and for taking away the Court of Wards; and of the several Acts in the said Bill mentioned, which either immediately, or not so directly, con-, cerned the King's Revenue; and had compared the same with the Originals , and had made several Amendments, both in reftitying of the Titles of all those Acts, and in excluding of all the other publick Acts, which were re? cited in that Bill: And the Opinion of the Committee, that this Bill might pass, for confirming of the said recited Acts, with these Amendments; and that a new Bill might be prepared for the confirming of the other Acts excluded by the said Amendments: Which were now delivered in by him in Writing.

All which said Amendments being severally twice read;

Resolved, upon the Question, That this House doth agree with the Committee, to every of the said Amend? ments; and that the Bill for confirming of publick Acts, with the Amendments so agreed unto, be ingossed: And;

Ordered, That the same Committee do prepare and bring in another Bill for Confirming of the other Acts, which were inserted in that Bill, and are now excluded: And, to that Purpose, they are to fit in the former Place at Two of the Clock this Afternoon: And to fend for Witnesses, Papers, and Record?.

A Meflfage from the Lords, by Sir Mundeford Jion and Sir William Glasscock, Two of the Mailers of the Chancery,

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have returned you a Bill, in* dtuled. An Act for securing and preserving his Majesty'* Person and Government against treasonable and seditioui Practices arid Attempts; with some Amendments, and a Proviso: Whereunto they desire your Concurrence. And

They have lent another Bill, intituled, An Act against Tumults and Disorders, upon Pretence of preparing or presenting of publick Petitions, or other Addresses, unto his Majesty, or the Parliament: Whereunto they like wife desire your Concurrence.

And both the said Bills were delivered by them at the Table.

And the said Amendments to the Bill for securing and preserving his Majesty's Person and Government ftfr. being thereupon ordered to be read:

And the first Amendment, being in the Title, after the Word " for," and before the Word. " his," leave out the Words " securing and preserving," and put in these Words, " the Safety and Preservation of:" the same was twice read j and

Resolved, upon the Question, That this House doth agree with the Lords to the said Amendment.

And the fecoqd Amendment, being in the First Skin, _ 7 Line, leave out the Word " Guiltand, instead thereof, put in the Word " Punishmentthe same was allb twice read; and

Resolved, upon the QuestioB, That this. House doth agree with the Lords to the said Amendment.

And the third Amendment, being in the 50 Line, after the Word " shall," and before the Word " by," put in these Words, " maliciously and advisedlythe same was allb twice read} and

Resolved, upon the Question, That this House doth agree with the Lords to the said Amendment.

And the fourth Amendment, being in the 51 Line, after the Word " Person," and before the Word " of,"

leave

leave out the Words " or Government;" and after the Word Majesty," and before the Word " then," put in the Words, " or the established Government;" the same was also twice read; and

Resolved, upon die Question, That this House doth agree with the Lords to the said Amendment.

And the Fifth Amendment, being in the 53 Line, after the Word " Persons," and before the Word " shall," put in these Words, " bang thereof legally convicted j" the same was also twice read} and

Resolved, upon the Question, That this House doth agree with the Lords to me laid Amendment.

And the Sixth Amendment, being in the 2d Skin, 3 Line, after the Word " State," and before the next Word " and, " put in these Words, " other than that of his Peerage the same was allb twice read,

And the Question being put, that this House doth agree to the said Amendment,

The House was divided:

And the Yeas went forth.

The Earl of Offory, j Tellers for the Yeas: 1

Hender Roberts Eftjuire, 1 With the Yeas, J Mr. Fane, C Tellers for the Noes: 1

Mr. Mount ague, \ With the Noes, J

So the same paired in the Negative.

And the 7th Amendment, being in the 12 Lane, after the Word " State," and before the Word " which,'* leave out the Woid " both ," and, instead thereof, put in these Words, " or out of any Opinion, that both Houses of Parliament, or either of them, have a Legifla-tive Power without the King, all j" the same was twice read: And

Resolved, upon the Question, This House doth agree with the Lords to the said Amendment.

And the Eighth Amendment, being in the 41 Line, after the first " or," leave out these Words, " of Four of the Privy Council and, instead thereof, put in these Words, " by Order of the Council-Table;" the same was twice read and

Resolved, upon the Question, This House doth agree with the Lords to the said Amendment.

And the 9th Amendment, being in the first Rider, 2d Line, after the Word " who," and before the: Word " shalli" put iri these Words, " have been, or j" the same was twice read; and

Resolved, upon the Question, This House doth agree with the Lords-to the said Amendment.

And the 10th Amendment, being in the 6th line, after the Word " Oblivion," and before the Word " or," put in these Words, made in the 12th Year of his Majesty's Reign that nOw is j" the same was twice read; and . Resolved, upon the Question, This House doth agree with the Lords to the said Amendment.

.'. And the 1 ith Amendment, being in the 7th Line, after the Word " Ordinances," put in these Words, " for their Indemnity, according to the true Intent and Mean-higtaf the said ActY' the same Was twice read , and - Resolved, upon the T Question, This House doth agree \bidr the-Lords to the said Amendment.

*' And the 12th Amendment, being in the second Rider, first Proviso, 4 Line, after the Word " Face," and before the Word " and, " leave out these Words, " if they be then living the same was read twice s and- Resolved, upon the Question, This House doth agree with the Lords to the said Amendment.

: And the 13th Amendment, being in the 2d Proviso, ^d Line, after the -Word " Houses," and before the Word " or," put in these Words, " or at any Conference or Committees of both, or either of the said Houses of Parliament j" the same being being twice read;

Resolved, upon the Question, This House doth agree with the Lords to the said Amendment

And the 14th Amendment, being in the 4th Line, after the Word " Grievance," add these. Words, but that the said Members of either of the said Houses, and the Assistants of the House of Peers, and every of them, shall have the same Freedom of Speech, and all other

Privileges whatsoever, as they had before the making of this Act; any thing in this Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding ;" the same being twice read , Resolved, upon the Question, This House doth agree with the Lords to the said Amendment.

And the last Amendment, being a Proviso to be added to the End of the said Bill, which followeth in these Words " Provided always, and be it Ordained and Enacted, That no Peer of this Realm shall be tried for any Offence against this Act, or any thing therein contained, but by his Peers, and not otherwise;" the said Proviso was twice read;

And it being put to the Question, that the said Proviso should be added to the End of the said Bill;

The same passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That a Conference be desired with the Lords touching the said Sixth Amendment; and the said Proviso wherein the House doth disagree with the Lords: And Mr. Secretary Morrice, Sir Heneage Sir Thomas

Fanfkaw, Sir Robert Atkins, Serjeant , Serjeant

Keeling, and Mr. Torke, are to manage the lad Conference.

Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill, sent by the Lords, intituled, An Act against Tumults &c. be read on Thursday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow, at Eight of the Clock.

Jovis, 30 0 Matty130 Car. Regis Secundi.

Prayers.

fjRdered, That the Thanks of this House be returned v to Doctor Peirce for the Sermon he preached Yesterday; and that he be desired to print his Sermon: And Sox Heneage Finch, Mr. Coventriand Mr. or any

one of them, are desired to give him the Thanks of this House.;

Resolved, upon the Question, nemine contradicente, That a Bill be forthwith brought in to repeal an Act made in die 17th Year of the late King, for disenabling all Persons in Holy Orders to exercise. iny temporal Jurisdiction or Authority: And Sir Heneage Finch is desired to prepare and bring in the said Bill.

A Bill to enable the Sale 6f some of the Lands of Thomas Hunt Esquire, and John'fHunt Gentleman, for Payment of their Debts, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Bill be committed to Sir Robert Atkyns, Sir , Mr.

Fowell, Serjeant Charleton, Mr. , Mr.

Mr. Dennis, Mr. Bifcowen, Mr. , Sir Wm.

Mr. Southcott, Mr. Higgons, Mr. , Mr.

Mr. Sicklemore, Mr. Rigby, and all the Knights, Citizens,

and Burgesses, who serve for the County of Devon: And they are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock: Arid to fend for Persons,* Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Bill for settling and confirming of the Manors of Framlingham and Saxstead devised by Sir Robert Hitcham Knight, and late Serjeant at Law, to charitable Uses, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill for malting void a Conveyance and Settlement made by Sir be read To-

morrow Morning.

A Bill to enable the Sale of some of the Lands of William Milward Esquire, for Payment of his Debts, was this Day read the Second time.

; Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Sollicitor General, Mr. Serjeant Charleton, Mr. William Mount ague. Sir Robert Holt, Mr. Good* rick, Mr. Crook, Mr. Dennis, Mr. Fork, Mr. Clifton,

U u u Mr,

Mr. Winjlan Churchill, Colonel Shackerley, Mr.

Mr. Tomkins, Mr. Jones, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Swan ton, Mr. Edward Phillips, Mr. ucker, Mr. Windham, Mr. Coventrie, Mr. IVm. Sandys* Sir Robert

Atkins, Sir Roger Bradshaw, Lord Ancram, Sir Richard Everard, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir John Covet, Sir John Tufften, Sir Edward Hales, Sir Charles Herbert, Sir Richard Lloyd, Sir Thomas Payton, Sir Thomas Littleton, Sir Thomas Ingram, Sir Thomas Sir Anthony Cope,

Lord Falkland, Sir Benjamin A)'loss, Sir George Ryves, Sir Thomas Leg, Sir John Brampjton, Sir Anthony Irby, Sir Ralph Bancks, Sir Lancelot Lake, Sir Francis Clerke, Sir Robert Brooke, and all the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, who serve for the Counties of Stafford, Derby, and Cheshire: And they are to meet in the Exchequer Chamber Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to fend far Persons, Papers, and Records: And the Trustees, and all Persons concerned, are to have notice to attend the said Committee.

A Bill for the more speedy Wav for Tanning, Tawing, and Dressing, of all Sorts of Leather, was this Day read the Brft time. "

Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Bill be read again the Second time on this Day Sevennight.

The Business touching his Majesty's Revenue and present Supply, being this Day resumed into Consideration, according to the Order made on last;

The Hotlfe was Unanimously agreeing in Opinion forthwith to provide a present and plentiful Supply for his Majesty's present unavoidable great Occasions; and also to settle a full, constant, and Handing Revenue, for the Time to come, such as might hefit the Support of fa great and good, a Prince, and might honourably, and effectually maifttairvand uphold his Government.

And the Manner of raising Money for his MajestyY present Occasions, being in Debate; it was

Resolved, upon the Question, That a Bill be forthwith brought in, to enable his Majesty to send out Commissions to receive the free and voluntary Contribution of his People, towards the present Supply of his Majesty's Affairs: And Sir Hentage Finch, his Majesty's Solticittwr General, is desired tp bring in a Bill for that Purpose.

‘ L ' J

Ordered, That a Bill for the Relief of Cowuefc Dowager of Dorset, Pembrook, and Mountgomery, touching a Misrecital of the Date of her Deeds of Jointure, be. read Tomorrow Mbrning.

- And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, at'Eight of the Clock.

V'&mvhy 31° Mwy,' 'Regis SecundU.

Pr.ayc.rs, "4 c‘. ‘ . 1

QRdered, That the Bill for creating a Church, settling a Ministry, and establishing a Parish, in die Forest or Chase of Savernack, and Parks of Brimjlade and Saver-

nock, and Parts adjacent belongings to the said Forest, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That h$ Majesty be.hufobly moved tp issue out a Proclamation for the observing of a publick Day of Humiliation ffiroughout ajl England and Wales, and the Town, of: Tweed, in resperi: of the immo-

derate Rain and Waters; and to beseech Qod to divert; the Judgments threatened thereby; and" that the Lords Concurrence be desired herein: And' Mr. Lowther is. to carry up the Order. .;

Ordered, That the Biff brought so for the new Eredrion

of the.Pari (11 ot Hollands in the County of Lancaster,. and endowing the Rectory of the said Parish, be read on Thursdaynext.

Ordered, That the Bill against Vagabonds and Rogues be read Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for the Naturalization of Anne Countess of Shrewjlury, and several others, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That the same be read again the Second rime on this Day Sevennight

Sir William Doyley reports. From, the Committee for the Bill to enable John Harbin Esquire to make Sale of his Lands to pay his Debts, and make Provision for younger Children, an Amendment to be added in Fol. 7 % Linea 19 % as followeth} Other than the said

And Sir William Doyley further reports, that the said Committee had examined the Deed in the Bill mentioned, as to the Uses, and other Circumstances, and found the same to be such as in the Bill is set forth; and that Colonel Francis Windham, who was intruded for the Children, who are now all at Age, had given Satisfaction to the said Committee, that they were consenting to the Sale, to the end that their Portions might be pud; and that the Jointrels, and all other Parties concerned, were willing the reupto; and that, when lb much of the Lands were fold, as would pay the Debts and Portions, there would a fair Estate defegnd unto the Infant, who was not now at Age to give his Consent; and that the Committee; was.of Opinion, that the Bill should pals to enable the Safe for Payment of Debts and Portions, which otherwise would eat up all the Estate.

And the said Amendment being thereupon twice read;

Resolved, That this House do agree with the Conan roittec to the said Amendment.

And Ordered, That the said Bill, with the said Amend* ment, be ingrafted.

* . ': i

A. Bill for the settling and confirming of certain Mi-> rtors and Lands, deviled by Sir Robert Hiteham Knight* to certain charitable Uses, was this Day read the Eirib time.

Resolved, That this Bill be. read again the Second tint* tst Thwrfday next.

T

Sir John Nicholas Knight of the Bath, being chosem as a Citizen for Winchester, and Burgess for Port Ptgham,.

aJUs WeJUowe, ip. the County of Cornwall, waved his Election as to the said Borough of Port Pigbam, alia* Wqftlow-:^ .

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do make a Warrant to; the Clerk of the Crown, tp iffiae put a Writ for the Election of a new Burgefe for the said Borough of Port Pigbam, alias Wefflow, in the Place of Sir. John Nicholas.

'; . 'i4 - - '

Ordered, That the Bill for Naturalizing of Renee de Sabran be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.:

Serjeant Charleton reports from the Committee for vifeges apd Elections, touching the Return, for the Town of Mountgomery, That John.Blarney Esquire was returned' a Burgess in one Indenture, by the Burgeflfes.; and "John Purcell Esquire in another Indenture, by, the Mayor-, anti Burgesses; and the Opinion of the Committee, thdt the said Mr. Purcell, bring returned by the properQffitaeiv should fit, tin the Merits of rite Cause touching th* ihid Returns should be determined,

And the Question being put, that this House did agree with the said Committee, that the said Mr. Purcell IhbiM fit in this House, till the Merits of the Cause touching the said Return should be determined s

The House was divided: > ",-

And the Noes weitfjfortfo.

Sir Anthony Irby*j.;:;t.Tdfers. for the Noes: 7

Sir Richard Onftcm,\ With the Noes, J

Gok>$d Windbam, (Tellers for the Yeas: 7 ';

Sir Richard Everard,! With the Yeas, 1 . °*'

So it passed with the Affirmative, That the said Mr. Purcell, bring returned by the proper Officer, should fit

in.

13 Car. II. journals of the House Commons;

in this House, till the Merits of the Cable touching the of Humiliation; and the Lords had yielded to a present laid Return be determined. Conference in the Painted Chamber.

Serjeant Charleton made Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Return for the Borough of Preston, That Edward Rigby Esquire, and Jeoffery Rijbton Esquire, were returned in one Indenture; and the said Mr. Rigby and Mr. Fift in another Indenture by; and tie Opinion of the Committee, that the said Mr. Rifhton, being returned by the proper Officer, should fit, till the Merits of the Cause should be determined.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the said Committee, that the said Mr. doth fit in this

House, till the Merits of the Cause be determined.

Ordered, That such Persons as have exhibited Petitions to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, without subscribing their Names thereto, have Leave to subscribe their Names to the said Petitions; and that the Committee do accept thereof, tho* the Time limited for exhibiting of Petitions be elapsed.

A Bill, ingrossed, lent down by the Lords, for the preventing of Tumults, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That the same be read again the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for the Enlarging and Repairing of common Highways was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Pryrn, Mr. Swinfen, Sir Rich.

rard. Lord Bruce, Sir Ralph Ashton, Lord Cavendish, Sir Edward Seymor, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Bullitt Reymes, Mr.

Milward, Mr. Edward Noell, Sit Ant bo. , Sir John

Goedricky Mr. Tor lee, Mr. B, Mr. Walden, Sir Wm. Lewyi, Sir John Covert, Sir Edward Walpoole, Mr.

Edward Phillips, Mr. Wm. Colonel Fretcbvile,

Sir John Roll, Sir Courtney Poole, Sir Thomas Ingram, Mr. John Jones, Mr. Cotton, Sir John Duncomb , Sir Humphrey Winch, Sir John Edrnly, Mr. Mr.

cowen, Mr. Peter Prideux, Mr. Bamerd Greenvill, Sir Charles Cornwallis, Mr. Churchill, Sir Wray,

Dr. Craddocke, Mr: Birch, Sir Phillip Sir Wm.

Portman, Lord Vaughan, Mr. Wife, Sir Richard camb, Mr. Walgrave, Colonel Legg, Mr. , Sir

Wm. Compton, Sir. Phillip Warwick, Mr. Sir Tho-

mas Meres, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Thomas Leigh, Sir Edmond Peirce, Mr. Jeffery Palmer, Mr. Phimas An-drewts, Sir Richard Malevorer, Sir Ralph Hare, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Manwaring, Sir Theoph. Biddolph, Sir Henry Capett, Mr; Lewes Palmer, Mr. Street, Mr. Fane, Sin Tho. Fanfbaw, Sir Petritius Carmen, Sir George

Fletcher, Sir Charles Berkley, Lord Breraton, Sir Francis Clarke, Sir Lancelot Lake, Sir George Reeve, Sir Henry Worfiey, Mr. Clifton-, Sir HertrjNonh, Mr. Coriton, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Swanhi, Sir Allen Apfley, Sir Benj. Aylijf, Mr.: Georg, Sir Henry Herbert, Sir Henry Newton, Mr.

Lowther, Mr. Or me, Mr. Smith, Sir Rich. , Ser-

jeant Maynard, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Chichley, Mr. Finch, Sir Nicholas Crispe, Serjeant Keeling, M Mr

gfxme. Sir Robert Atkins, Mr. Goodrich, Sir John Barrington, Sir Henry Wright, Sir George , Sir Edmund Pooley, -Colonel Windham, Sir James Smith, Sir Robert Holt, Sir Tho. Stukley, Sir Tho: Alien, Mr. Newton, Sir Tho. Fanfhaw junior. Sir Charles , Sir Richard

Franklyn: and all the Members that come are to have Votes in the said Committee: And' they are to meet on Wednesday next, at Two of the Clock, in the Exchequer Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Lowther, being sent up to the Lords with the Oder for a Day of Humiliation; and to desire a Conference with the Lords, touching the Amendments in the Bill for preserving the King; made Report, that he had acquainted the Lords with both the said Particulars; and that the Lords concurred with this House, to- move the King for a Day

t

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Thomas Bird and Sir Nathaniel Hobard;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down Two ingrossed Bills; one, for settling certain Manors upon the Earl of Dorsett, and his Heirs; and another Bill for the Naturalizing of Sir William Throckmorton Knight, and others: To both which Bills the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

Ordered, That both the said Bills be read on Wednesday Morning next.

And then this House adjourned till Eight of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Sabbati, i° Junii, 130 Car. Regis

Prayers.

A Bill for the Relief of Anne Countess Dowager of Dorset, Pembrook, and Mountgomery, touching a Misrecital of the Date of her Deed of Jointure, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That this Bill be read again the Second time on this Day Sevennight.

A Bill for Confirmation of several Conveyances made by Sir Rob. Howard, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the Bill for Confirmation of several Conveyances made by Sir Robert Howard, be committed to Sir Antbo. Irby, Sir Rob. -kins. Sir Allen Broderick, Mr. Wm. Mountague, Mr. Geo. Momtague, Mr. Torke, Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. Crooke, Mr. Pepes, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Bolls, Sir Tho. -ton, Mr. Clifton, Mr. Crouch, Sir Phillip Mujgrave, Mr. Street, Sir Rich. Lloyd, Mr. Manwaring, Mr. Chetwind, Mr. Bulteelt, Serjeant Maynard, Mr. Long, Mr. Dowdf well, Mr. Swanton, Mr. Swinfen, Mr. , Sir

Henry North, Sir Henry Newton, Sir George Ryves, Mr. Miller, Mr. Eyre, Mr. Bifcowen, Lord , Mr.

Palmer, Mr. Newton, and all the Members that serve for the County of Salop: And they are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber, at Two of the Clock this Afternoon: And to fend for all Persons concerned, Witnesses, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for making void a Conveyance and Settlement made by Sir Simon Clerk, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That the same be read again the Second time on this Day Fortnight.

A Bill for Repeal of an Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for disenabling all Persons in Holy Orders to exer-eife any temporal Jurisdiction or Authority, being brought in, according to Order, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read again the Second time on Wednesday next, the first Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill for well packing and weighing oFButter, and Redress of Abuses therein, be read at the next Sitting of this House.

A Bill for the Continuance and Enjoyment of an Improvement made by Thomas Derham, in Derham and Rexam in the County of Norfolk, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Bill be committed toSkRobert Atkins, Lord Richardson, Sir Wm. Doyley, Sir Antbo. Irby, Sir Charles Harbord, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Phillips, Mr. CMr. Crouch, Mr.

Goodrick, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir. John Strangwayes, Lord Ancram, Mr. Buller, Mr. P, Sir John Goodrick,

Diqitized

Pr>r>nl_

Sir Thomas Meres, Sir Richard Onslow., Sir Robert Sir Henry North, Mr. Goawdy, Colonel Legg, Mr. Graham, Mr. Henry Chichley, Sir John Sir Richard

Bream, Sir Edmond Peirfe, Mr. Swanton, Sir Wtn. Hickman, Mr. Torke, Sir John Covett, Sir Mr.

Pepis, Sir George Sandys', Mr. Rigby, Sir John Nicholas, Sir Thomas Fanshaw, Sir Heneage Finch, Sir Henry Newton, Sir Thomas Allen, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Stuart, Mr. Street, Mr. Milward, Serjeant Charleton, Sir Chichester Wray, Colonel Fretchvile, Sir John Strangwayes, Sir Allan Brodrick, Sir Allan Apfley, and all the Knights* Citizens, and Burgesses, that serve for the County of Norfolk: And they are to meet on Thursday next, at Two of the Clock, in the Queen's Court: And to fend for all Persons concerned, Witnesses, Papers, and Records: And they are to consider of the Petition this Day presented to this House, in the Name of the Inhabitants of Dereham qndjiexatnin the County of Norfolk , and to receive, and take into Consideration, any other Petitions which shall be presented touching this Matter.

The House being informed, that a new Writ was issued For a new Election for the Town of Cardijfe in shire, upon the Waver of a Member returned for that Place, whose Election was questionable, before the same Was determined;

Ordered, That the Business touching the Election for the said Town of Cardijfe be referred to the Committee for Privileges and Elections; to take the same into Consideration at their next Sitting this Afternoon, the first Business.

And then the House resolved into a Grand Committee of the whole House, to proceed upon the Bill for ordering the Forces in the several Counties of this Kingdom:

And Mr. Speaker left the Chair:

And Sir Heneage Finch, his Majesty's Sollicitor General, took the Chair.

After which Mr. Speaker again took the Chair.

And Sir Heneage Finch making Report, that the Committee of the whole House had made some Progress upon the said Bill , /

Ordered, That this House do resolve into a Grand Committee of the whole House, at their next Sitting, at Ten of the Clock; and then resume the further Debate of the said Bill.

Ordered, That, whensoever the House is to rife, every Member keep their Seat, till the Speaker go out; and then every one in their Course orderly, as they fit, and not over the Formes.

Ordered, That all such of the Members of this House, as climb over their Seats, shall pay Twelve-pence to the Serjeant attending this House.

Resolved, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections only do fit this Afternoon; but no other Committee, saving such as are this Day particularly appointed by the House to fit this Afternoon; are to fit during the Adjournment of this House, rill Wednesday next.

And then this House adjourned till Wednesday next, at Eight of the Clock in the Morning.

Mercurii, 50 Junity 130 Car. Regis.

Prayers.

THIS House being informed, that Colonel Bullen Reymes had Occasion to go into the Country to visit his Wife, who was very sick;

Ordered, That the said Colonel Reymes have the Leave of this House to go into the Country to visit his Wife.

A Bill to enable Rowland Okeover Esquire to fell certain Lands in the County of Derby, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That the feme be read again the Second time on this Day Sevennight.

A Bill for well packing and weighing of Butter, and Redress of the Abuses therein, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Bill be rejected.

A Bill enabling John Houlford to dispose of certain Lands for Payment of his Debts, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the same be read again the Second time on this Day Sevennight.

A Bill for the Naturalizing of Ranee de Sabran Whs this Day read the Second time: And

The Question being put, that the feme should be committed,

The House was divided:

And the Yeas went forth.

Sir John Roll, c Tellers for the Yeas:

Sir Charles Cornwallis,! With the Yeas, j11?'

Sir Thomas Mers, tTellers for the Noes:? ,0

Mr. Tulfe, I With the Noes, 5

So the same passed in the Affirmative: And

Resolved, That the same be committed to Lord Bruce 1 Sir George Reeve, Sir Thomas Leigh, Mr. John Sir Roger Bradshaw, Mr. Street, Serjeant Sir

Anthony Cope, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Ralph Banks, Sir Thomas Peyton, Mr. Clifford, Sir John Holland, Sir John Talbot, Lord St. John, Mr. Lewes Palmer, Sir John Rolls, Mr. Tulfe, Sir Thomas Ingram, Sir Heneage Finch* Sir Robert Bolls, Lord Falkland, Sir Courtney Poole, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Mr. Glasscock, Sir Robert Atkins, Mr. Milward, Mr. Edward Smith, Sir Thomas Mr.

Potter, Sir John Nicholas, Mr. Sir Thomas

Dolman, Colonel Fretcbvil, Mr. Churchill, Lord bury. Sir Henry North, Sir Charles Cornwallis, M

Mr. Jeffery Palmer, Sir Thomas Meres, Sir Thomas Strickland, Lord Brereton, Sir Anthony Irby, Sir Robert Holt, Mr. Chichley, Mr. Tynt, FAx. Waller, Sir Sir Tho. Fanshaw junior. Sir Tho. Allen, Mr. Cliffton, Sir Henry Norton, Sir Edmund Pooley, Sir John Covert, Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. Bullein Reymes, Serjeant Maynard, Sir Allen Apjley, Mr. Goodrich, Mr. Mr.

Hujfey, Mr. Morton, Mr. Stafford, Mr. Torke, Sir Allan Brodrick, Sir George Sandys, Sir Wm. Hickman, Mr. Swanton, Mr. Steward, Colonel Legg, Mr. Goring, Sir John Packington: And they are to meet at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon on Friday next, in the Speaker's Chamber: And, particularly, to inquire concerning the Education of the said Ranee de Sabran: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Bill enabling Algemoon Peyton Dr. of Divinity to make Sale of part of his Lands for Payment of Debts, be read in the Second Place Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for the future Redress and Prevention of Abuses in Elections, and Returns of Knights, Citizens, Burgesses, and Barons of Ports, to serve in Parliament, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That the feme be read again the Second time on Monday Morning next.

A Bill for the Uniting the Parsonages of St. Andrews and Wit ton St. Mary, in Droytwich in Worcestershire, was this Day read the Second time; and also a Provish of Cave Beck Clerk, being twice read this Day , were both, upon the Question, committed to Sir Henry North, Mr. Goodricke, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Tucker, Sir Robert Atkins, Mr. Stuart, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Smith, Mr. Hetiry Coventry, Sir John Hot ham. Sir Edm. Pooley, Mr. Heath, Sir Heneage Finch, Mr. Waldgrave, Sir Edm. Peirfe, Colonel Sandys, Mr. Edward Seymor, Mr. Samuel Sandys, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir John Rouse, Mr. Sir

Mr. Clifton, Mr. Swan/on, Mr. Yorke, Sir Anthony Irby,

Mr. Hujfey, Sir John Holland, Mr. Wm. Lord

Ancram, Mr. Dowdfwell, Sir John Talbot, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Charles Cornwallis, Mr. Clifford, Mr. Wm. Coventry, Mr. Jones, Sir Courtney Poole, Mr. Kent, Sir John Dun-combe, Sir Robert Howard, Sir Dr.

dock, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Newton alias Puckering,. Sir Tho. Ingram, Colonel Fretcbvill, and all the Members that

serve for the County of Worcester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend ior Persons concerned, Papers, Witnesses, and Records.

A Bill for the Confirmation of the Charter and Privileges of the Master, Warden, and Commonalty, of Clothiers, in the City of Worcester, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the same be committed to Sir Henry North, Mr. Goodricke, Mr. Lowther, Mr. T,ucker. Sir Robert Atkins, Mr. Stuart, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Smith, Mr. Henry Coventry, Sir John Hotham, Sir Edmund Pooley, Mr. Heath, Sir Finch, Mr.

Waldgrave, Sir Edmund Peirfe, Colonel Sandys, Mr. Edward Seymour, Mr. Samuel Sandys, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Rouse, Mr. Street, Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. Clifton, Mr. Swanton, Mr. Yorke, Sir Anthony Irby, Mr. Hujfey, Sir John Holland, Mr. Wm. Sandys, Lord Mr.

Dowdfwell, Sir John Talbot, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Charles Cornwallis, Mr. Clifford, Mr. Wm. Coventry-, Mr. Jones, Sir Courtney Poole, Mr. Kent, Sir John Duncombe, Sir Robert Howard, Sir Tho. Strickland, Dr. Craddock, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Newton alias Puckering, Sir Tho. Ingram, Colonel Fretcbvill, and to all the Members that serve for the County of Worcester; and to all Merchants that are Members of this House: And they are to meet on Friday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons concerned, Papers, Witnesses, and Records.

A Bill for fetding several Lands, late of Sir Knight, upon Sir Ralph Bash Knight of the Bath, Heir of the said Sir Edward, and his Heirs, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the same be committed to Sir Tho. Strickland, Sir Benjamin Ayloff, Serjeant Keeling, Lord Bruce, Sir John Sir Philip War-

wick, Serjeant Littleton, Mr. Crouch, Sir Tho. Ingram, Sir Heneage Finch, Sir Solomon Swale, Lord Mandevill, Mr.

Flint, Sir John Talbot, Sir John Tirrell, Sir Sir 'EdmundBoyer, Mr. Edward Phillips, Sir Sir John Bramston, Mr. Shaw, Mr. Taylor, Sir Wm.

Terringham, Sir Tho. Peyton, Sir Rich. Everard, Mr. Oakley, Mr. Wm. Griffith, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Anthony Irby, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir John Holland, Mr. Attorney of the Duchy, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Edward Seymour, Mr Wren, Sir John Roll, Mr. Yorke, Serjeant Charleton, Sir George Reeve, Sir Richard Everard Lord Sir

Edward Hopton, Sir Richard Fanfhaw, Mr. Tompkins, Mr. Warren. Sir Ambrose Browne, Sir Tho. Allen, Mr. Chichley, Sir Wm. Doyley, Mr. Clifford, Mr. Pepis, Mr. Clifton, Sir Henry North, Sir Wm. Compton, Lord Falkland, Mr.

Walden, Mr. Henry Williams, Lord Ross, Sir Lancelot Lake, Serjeant Maynard, Lord Mandevill, Mr. Pryn, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Tho. Wendy, and all the Members that serve for the several Counties of Hertford and; and for the University and Town of Cambridge: And they are to meet in the Exchequer-Chamber on Friday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to fend for Persons concerned, Witnesses, Papers, and Records, as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That a Bill, enabling the Trustees of Henry Nevill Esquire to fell Lands to pay his and his Sons Debts, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That a Bill, enabling Thomas Peck Esquire to fell Lands for Payment of his Debts, and other Uses, be read Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Child and

Dr. Littleton, Two of the Matters of the Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords do desire a present free Conference with the Members of this House, in the Painted Chamber, touching the Matter of the late Conference.

And, the Messengers being withdrawn;

The House took the said Message into Consideration: And

Resolved, upon the Question, That this House doth agree to the said free Conference: And

Ordered, That the Master of the Rolls, and Sir John Maynard Serjeant at Law, should be added to those formerly appointed to manage the last Conference; and assist in this free Conference.

And the Messengers being again called in, Mr. Speaker acquainted them, that this House had considered of their Message; and had agreed to a present free Conference.

And thereupon those appointed to manage the said free Conference did, with divers Members of the House, repair to the Painted Chamber, and had a free Conference with the Lords: And, upon their Return, this House, having fat late, adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, at Eight of the Clock.

Jovis, 6° Junii, 130 Car. Regis.

Prayers.

T Ouifa Sclater, being one of the Persons named in the Bill for Naturalizing, did this Day, at the Clerk's Table, take the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance before the Speaker of this House.

Sir Robert Atkins made Report from the Committee of Grievances, that a Petition, with Articles annexed, had been pfefented to the said Committee, by Richard Numelly, a Prisoner in the against

James Norfolke, Serjeant at Arms attending this House,

and George Brag, John Clifton, Thomas Hughes, and Cousins, Servants to the said Serjeant; complaining against them for several great MifHemeanors; and that another Petidon, of the same Nature, had been like-wife presented to the said Committee, by one John Smith, against the said Serjeant Norfolke; upon the reading whereof Sir Solomon Swale affirmed to the said Committee, that he had a Petition from the said Nunnelly to the same Effect, the first Day of this Parliament; which not being so soon presented and moved as was desired, the Petitioner (as Sir Solomon was informed) was, upon the Friday after, arrested at Serjeant Norfolk's Suit, in Westminster Hall, when he attended the Prosecution of his Petition; and that he had been charged with several other Actions at the Suit of the said Serjeant s

Servants; and the Opinion of the Committee, that the Serjeant should be required to give an Account to the House, of his Cause or Suit against the said Nunnely and Smith; to the end, that, if the Suits have been occa-

fioned by the Complaint here made, and the Prosecution of that Petition, that the House would be pleased to order, that they be set at Liberty upon common Bail, to the end they may the better attend the Prosecution of their Petitions depending before the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Business between the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, and Nunnelly and Smith, be left to the further Examination of the Committee of Grievances: And the said Nunnelly and Smith, by Consent of the Serjeant at Arms, are forthwith to be set at Liberty upon common Bail, that they may attend and prosecute their Petitions at the next Sitting of the Committee.

Mr. Sollicitor General made Report of what had patted at the free Conference with the Lords, touching the Sixth Amendment in the Bill for securing and preserving his Majesty's Person; and the Proviso therewith sent down by the Lords, to be added to the said Bill; and their X x x Ixirdships

Lordships Adherence to the said Amendment and Proviso; and the Reasons thereof.

Whereupon the House afiiimed the Debate of the said Amendment and Proviso: And, as an Expedient, this Alteration was propounded , That in the said Proviso, after the Words, " against this Act," instead of the Words, " or any thing therein contained, but by his Peers, and not otherwise," there be inserted these Words following, " and, after such Conviction, shall not be privileged, during his Life, to fit in Parliament, unless his Majesty shall be graciously pleased to pardon him; and if his Majesty shall grant his Pardon to any Peer of this Realm, or Commoner, convicted of any Offence against this Act, after such Pardon granted, the Peer or Commoner so pardoned shall be restored to all Intents and Purposes, as if he had never been convicted; any thing in this Law to the contrary notwithstanding."

And, after much Debate, it was upon the

Question, That this House doth agree to the Sixth Amendment, lent down by the Lords, with the Qualification expressed in the said Proviso so altered and amended, and not otherwise.

And the said Proviso, so amended and altered, being thrice read;

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said Proviso, sent down by the Lords, as it was so amended and altered, and now read, and not otherwise.

Ordered, That a free Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Subject-matter of the last free Conference: And Sir Thomas Meres is to go up to the Lords Tomorrow Morning, to desire the said free Conference: And the same Members, who managed the former free Conference, are to manage this free Conference.

And this House having taken into Debate feme other Matters relating to the said Bill-,

The Question was put, that it be referred to a Committee, to bring in a Proviso as to the rest of the Matter of this Debate:

Which palfed in the Negative.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Child and Sir JuJUniau Lewyn;

Mr. Speaker, In Answer to a Message sent by this House to the Lords, to move his Majesty for a Day of Humiliation, his Majesty doth intend to send out a Proclamation to command the Observation thereof on day next in London, and the Parts adjacent; and on Wednesday next come Sevennight throughout all the Parts the Nation.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, at Eight of the Clock.

Veneris, y° jf unit,130 Car. Regis.

Prayers.

MR. Street made Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Uniting the Parsonages of St. Andrews and Witton St. Mary, in Droytwich in was committed, several Amendments to be made in the said Bill.

And the First Amendment, bang in the Second Line of the Second Page, that, after the Words tl Four pence," there should be added, " or thereabouts the same being twice read, and put to the Question, was agreed upon.

And the Second Amendment, being in the Fifth Line of the same Page, that, after the Words " Six Pounds," there should be added, " or thereabouts the same being twice read, and put to the Question, was allb agreed upon.

And the Third Amendment, being in the Thirteenth Line of the same Page, that, after the Word " for," there should be added, " St. Mary and that after the Word " I Litton," there should be left out " St. Mary 5" the fapie

being twice read and put, to the Question, was likewise agreed upon.

And the Fourth Amendment, being that in the Fourteenth Line of the same Page, there should be the same Alteration; the same was, in like manner, twice read; and, being put to the Question, was agreed upon.

And it was Resolved, That the said Bill, for the Uniting the Parsonages of St. Andrews and Witton St. in

Droytwich in Worcestershire, with the Amendments aforesaid, be ingrossed.

A Bill to enable Algernoon Peyton Dr. of Divinity to make Sale of Part of his Lands for Payment of Debts, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That this Bill be read again the Second time on this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the Dean of Westminster, and Mr. Thomas Greenfei Id, Lecturer atLincoln be desired, from

this House, to preach, the one of them in the Forenoon, and the other in the Afternoon, on Wednesday next, being the Day of Humiliation appointed by his Majesty, at St. Margaret's Church in; and if Mr.

Dean?s Occasions will not permit him, then Dr. Hardy is desired, from this House, to preach in his Turn: And Mr. Pryn is desired to acquaint Mr. Greenfeild with the Desires of the House: And Mr. Edward Smith is desired to acquaint the Dean of Westminster therewith; and if he cannot perform that Duty, then to acquaint Dr. Hardy.

Ordered, That a free Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Subject-matter of the last free Conference: And Sir Thomas Meres is to go up to the Lords, Tomorrow Morning, to desire the said free Conference.

Ordered, That a Bill, enabling Henry Chambers, Exe-ecutor of John Chambers, William Wharton, who married the Executrix of William Barret, John Clay, Executor of Hercules Clay, to raise and levy the Sum of Two thousand Six hundred and Ninety Pounds, and Damages, out of the Manors, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Possessions, of Colonel John Hutchinson, be read Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill to enable the Trustees of Henry Esquire

to fell certain Manors, Lands, and Tenements, in the Counties of Yorke and Leicester, for Payment of his and his Son William Nevill's Debts, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read again the Second time on this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the Town of Wells in Norfolk have Liberty to bring in a Bill for the Repair of the Key.

A Bill, ingrossed, sent down from the Lords, for settling the Manors of Knoll Seale and in the County of Kent, upon the Earl of Dorset, and his Heirs, and charging the Manor of Bexbill, and the Manor or Farm

of Cowding, and other Lands, in the County of Sussex, with a Rent-charge of One hundred and Thirty Pounds per Annum, in lieu thereof, was this Day read die First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read again the Second time on this Day Sevennight.

A Bill for a free and voluntary Present to his Majesty, being brought in by Mr. Sollicitor General, according to an Order of the Thirtieth of May last, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read again the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

The Bill for the Repeal of an Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for disenabling all Persons in I loly Orders to exercise any temporal Jurisdiction or Authority, was this Day read the Second time.

2 And

And the said Act for disabling all Persons in Holy Orders to exercise any temporal Jurisdiction or Authority, was also read.

And the Question being put, that the said Bill for Repeal thereof should be referred to a Committee of the whole House;

The same passed in the Negative: And

Resolved, That the same be committed to Sir Henry Worsley, Sir John Holland, Serjeant Sir

Bradshaw, Sir Solomon SwaleSir Mr. Ash-

burnham, Sir Robert Howard, Sir Edward Mr.

Wm. Sandys, Mr. Edward PhMr. Secretary

ris, Lord Brucey Sir Phillip Sir Anthony Cope,

Mr. Lewes Paimer, Sir James Mr. Vice-Chamber-

lain, Sir Rich. Ford, Lord Richardson, Mr.

Sir John Vaughany Serjeant M Sir Heneage Sir Tho. Fanjhawey Mr. Fane, Mr. Mr.

ley, Mr. Henry Coventrie, Lord Mr. Bulteele, Mr. Lawrence Hyde, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Vaughan, Mr. Edward Smith, Sir Henry North, Sir John Denham, Lord Brereton, Sir Wm. Sir John

Roll, Sir Henry Herbert, Sir Thomas Meres, Sir John Walpoole, Mr. Hujfey, Sir Thomas Allen, Sir Ralph Hare, Mr. Robert Phillips, Mr. Orme, Master of the Rolls, Mr. Swanton, Mr. T\ucker. Sir Wm. Smith, Sir Allah Broderick, Sir Charles Harbord, Mr. Milward, Mr. Churchill, Mr. Street, Mr. Spencer, Sir John Covert, Lord Cajlleton, Sir Courtney Poole, Mr. Heath, Sir John Good-rick, Mr. Wm. Lowther, Sir John Strangwayes, Sir George

Reeve, Mr. Crouch, Sir Adrian Scroope, Sir Clement , Mr. Hungerford, Sir Thomas Smith, Sir Lancelot Lake,

Sir Wm. Hickman, Mr. Samuel Sandys, Mr. Knight, Mr. Bifcawen, Sir Wm. Dolman, Mr. Palmer, Mr.

Clifford, Lord Ancram, Mr. Trelawney, Mr. Wm. Harbord, Mr. Samuel Sandys junior. Sir John Talbot, Sir Thomas Ingram, Sir Robert Atkins, Mr. Denny AJbumbam, Mr. Goodrick, Mr. Stafford, Mr. Tomkins, Mr. Pryn,

Sir Edmond Perife, Dr. Craddock, Mr. Giles Strangwayes,

Sir Edw. Seymor, Sir Robert Holt, Sir Humphrey Winch, Lord Le de Spencer, Mr. Lucy, Mr. Cory ton. Sir Thomas Peyton, Mr. Potter, Lord St. John, Lord Cavendish, Mr. Aldworth, Sir John Nicholas, Sir Thomas Fanshaw ymiOT, Lord Offory, Mr. Wm. Coventry, Sir Thomas Strickland,

Mr. George Mountague, Sir Francis Clerke, Mr. Darcy,

Sir George Fletcher, Sir John Barrington, Sir Thomas Leigh,

Mr. Newton alias Puckring, Sir Nicholas Crisp, Mr. Jonathan Trelawney, Mr. Glascock Mr. Chetwind, Lord

Mansfeild, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Nicholas, Sir Philip Musgrave, Mr. Musgrave, Mr. James Herbert, Lord Richard Butler, Mr. Tho. Coventrie, Mr. Wm. Mountague, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Noell, Sir Gilbert Ireland, Mr. Comptroller, Sir Humphry , Sir Henry Newton alias Puckring, Mr. John Newton, Mr. Stanley, Serjeant Keeling, Lord Buckburjl: And they are to meet in this House on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all the Members of this House, who shall be present at the said Committee, are to have Votes thereat.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Child and Sir Justinian Lewyn, Two of the Maften of Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords do here fend you a Bill for restoring of Thomas Radcliffe Esquire, to all his Lands and Possessions in England and Ireland: To which their Lordships desire the Concurrence of this House.

Ordered, That every Member, that shall stancl in the Passage of this House,' and not betake themselves to their Seats, whilst the House is fitting, shall pay Twelve-pence to the Serjeant at Arms.

Sir Thomas Mere reports, from the Committee for publick Acts, a Bill for confirming of those publick Acts which were excluded out of the former Bill.

Ordered, The said Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Eight of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Sabbatiy 8° jf unity130 Car.

Prayers.

111 HIS House being informed, that Sir William Sirod had necessary Occasions to go into the Country;

Ordered, That the said Sir William Strod have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, for the Naturalizing of Sir William Throckmorton Knight, and Dame Elizabeth his Wife, with William Throckmorton, Thomas

Throckmorton, Thomas Throckmorton, Margaret Elizabeth Throckmorton, and Dorothy Lucy Throckmorton, Children of the said Sir William, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That the same be read again the Second time on this Day Sevennight.

A Bill for the repairing and better preserving the Key of the Port of Wells, in the County of Norfolk, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That the same be read again the Second time on this Day Sevennight.

A Bill to enable Henry Chambers, Executor of John Chambers, William Wharton, (who married the Executrix of William Barret) John Clay, Executor of Hercules Clay, to raise and levy the Sum of Two thousand Six hundred and Ninety Pounds, and Damages, out of the Manors, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Pofr sessions, of John Hutchinson Esquire, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the same be read again the Second time this Day Sevennight.

A Bill for a free and voluntary Present to his Majesty was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the same be committed to a Committee of the whole House: Who are to to take the same into Consideration on Monday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock: At which time Mr. Speaker is to leave the Chair.

And then this House resolved into a Grand Committee of the whole House, to proceed in Debate of the Bill for ordering the Forces in the several Counties of this Kingdom.

And Mr. Speaker left the Char: And

Sir Heneage Finch was called to the Chair.

After which, Mr! Speaker again took the Chair:

And Sir Heneage Finch made Report, that the Committee of the whole House had made a further Progress upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That this House should resolve into a Grand Committee of the whole House, at their next Sitting, on Monday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, and then resume the further Debate of the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Walter Littleton, Sir Wolrich, Two of the Matters of Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a present Conference with the House of Commons in the Painted Chamber, upon the Message sent up by the House of Commons this Morning: And that, at the same time, their Lordships will be ready to enter into a free Conference with them upon the Matter of the last free Conference.

And the said Messengers being withdrawn;

This House agreeing to the said Conference, and free Conference

They were called in again; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them, that this House had agreed thereunto.

Whereupon those formerly appointed to manage the said free Conference, with divers other Members of this House, repaired to the Painted Chamber to attend the fame.

And this House adjourned till Monday Morning, at Eight of the Clock.

Luna,

Journals of the House of Commons. A.1661.

z6S

Lunez, 10° yunity 130 Car. Regis.

Prayers

f\Rdered, That the Committee of Grievances do fit on Friday next in the Afternoon; and that those Persons, who, by Order of the said Committee of Grievances, were to give their Attendance before them on next, do attend the said Committee on Friday following.

A Bill for Regulating and Establishing the Fees of the Matters of the Chancery in Ordinary, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That the same be read again the Second time on Tuesday next.

Ordered, That the Bill to enable Churchwardens and Constables to raise Money to repair Churches, and other Uses, be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That no private Business be from henceforth received, or taken into Debate, any Day after Nine of the Clock.

And then the House resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to debate the Bill for a free and voluntary Present to his Majesty.

And Mr. Speaker left the Chair: And

Mr. Prinn was called to the Chair.

After which, Mr. Speaker again took the Chair:

And Mr. Ptinn made Report, that the Committee had made some Progress upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That this House do resolve into a Grand Committee of the whole House Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock, to resume the further Debate of the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Child and Sir Thomas EJlcourt;

Mr. Speaker* The Lords have commanded us to acquaint you, that they have fully concurred with you to those Amendments you have made in the Act for the King's Safety,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, at Eight of the Clock.

Martis, 11° Die Juniiy 130 Car.

Prayers.

FIVE of the Persons named in the Bill for Naturalizing, this Day came up to the Clerk's Table, and severally took the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance before Mr. Speaker; viz. John Skafe, Henry Crook, Mathew Boucher ett, Peter Laurence,

A Bill, enabling John Harbin Esquire to sell and dispose of several Manors and Lands, for Payments of Debts, and raising Portions for his younger Children, being ingrafted, was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, upon the Question, that the said Bill should

pals.

And the Question being put, that the Title of the said Bill should be, An Act, enabling John Harbin Esquire to sell and dispose of several Manors and Lands, for Payment of Debts, and raising Portions for his younger Children j

The same passed in the Affirmative, That this should be the Title of the said Bill.

A Bill, enabling ‘Thomas Peck Esquire to fell some Lands in Norfolk, for the Payment of his Debts, and other Uses, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That the same be read again the Second time on this Day Sevennight.

Sir Robert Atkyns reports Amendments to the Bill for the Repeal of an Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for disenabling all Persons in Holy Orders to exercise any

temporal Jurisdiction or Authority, was referred:' Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and afterwards delivered in the fame.

And the First Amendment, being in the 5th Line, that, instead of the Word." disenabling," the Word'

" difinabling" should be inserted; the said Amendment being twice read,

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Amendment.

And the Second Amendment, being in the 9th Line, that the Word " fundamental" should be omitted; the said Amendment was twice read: And

Resolved, upon the Question, That this House doth agree with the Committee to the said Amendment.

And the Third Amendment, being in the 16th Line; that, instead of the Word " disenabling," the Word "difinabling" should be inserted:

Resolved, upon the Question, That this House doth agree with the said Committee, as to the said Amendment.

And a Proviso being brought in, and tendered to be made Part of the said Bill j After much Debate thereof;

Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Provilb be call out, and laid aside: And

Resolved further. That the said Bill, with the said Amendments, be ingrafted.

After which this House resolved into a Grand Committee of the whole House, further to debate the Bill for a free and voluntary Present to his Majesty.

And Mr. Speaker leaving the Char j Mr. Prinn was called to the Chair.

And Mn Speaker afterwards taking the Chair;

Mr. Prin reported several Amendments to the said Bill for a free and voluntary Present to his Majesty: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and then delivered in the same at the Table.

And the First Amendment, being Page 1, Line io, after the Word " Counties;" put out the Word " and, " and insert these Words, " Cities, Towns Corporate, and all other the said Amendment being twice read;

Resolved, upon the Question, That this House doth agree with the Committee, as to the said Amendment.

And the Second Amendment, being Page 1, Line 11, omit all the Words following in that Page, after the Word " fitand, instead thereof, insert the Words, " for the receiving of such Subscriptions, as Your Majesty's good Subjects shall voluntarily offer for Supply of Your Majesty's prelfing Occasions *, and likewise to issue such other Commissions to such other Persons as Your Majesty shall think fit, for collecting and receiving the Monies so subscribed, the Acquittance of which respective Receivers, or of any one of them, are immediately to be made, and given, without any Fee, upon Payment made; and shall be an absolute Discharge for the Sum lo subscribed: And, in case such Subscriptions shall, upon any Occasion, be returned into the Court of Exchequer, or any other Place, the Payment thereof shall be likewise returned together with the fame. Provided, that noProcefs shall issue out of the Exchequer against any Person so subscribing, but within Two Years next after the passing of this Act The same Amendment was twice read: And

Resolved, upon the Question, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Amendment.

And the Third Amendment, being Page 2, Line 1, after the Word " Counties," put out the Word " and, " and insert these Words, " Cities, Towns Corporate, and all other the fad Amendment was twice read: And Resolved, upon the Question, That this House doth agree with the fad Committee in the said Amendment.

And the Fourth Amendment, being in the same Page, Line a, after the Word " out," insert the Words " and ;" the fad Amendment being twice read;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the said Committee in the said Amendment.

And the Fifth Amendment, being in the same Page, Line 4, after the Word " Counties," put out the Word

"and,"

" and, * and inlert the Words, " Cities, Towns Corporate, and all otherthe said Amendment was twice read: And

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the said Committee in the said Amendment.

And the Sixth Amendment, being in the same Page, Line 6, after the Word " Wards," leave out the Word " Towns the lad Amendment was twice read: And Resolved, That this House doth agree with the said Committee in the said Amendment.

And the Seventh Amendment, being in the same Page, Line-the 8 th, after the Word " Persons," add " Bodies Politick or Corporate and the said Amendment being twice read;

Resolved, This House doth agree with the said Committee in the said Amendment.

And the 8th Amendment, being in the same Page, Line 12, instead of " One hundred Pound," insert " Two hundred Pound the said Amendment being also twice read;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the said Committee in the said Amendment: And

Resolved further, upon the Question, That the said Bill, with the said Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning at Seven of the Clock.

Jovis, 130 Juniiy 130 Car. Regis.

Prayers.

MR. David Collrao, in order to his Naturalizing, did this Day take the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, before Mr. Speaker, at the Clerk's Table.

Mr. Shaw made Report of several Amendments of the Bill for enabling of Sir Anthony Browne to fell Land for Payment of his Debts: Which he read with the Coherence in his Place , and then delivered in the same at the Table: Which said Amendments being severally twice read;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the said Committee in the said several Amendments: And Resolved further, upon the Question, That the said Bill, with the said Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for the Relief of Anne Countels Dowager of Dorsett, Pemhrooke, and Mountg, touching a Mif-recital of the Dates of her Deeds of Jointure, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the same be Committed to Mr. Comptroller, Mr. , Sir Phillip

Musgrave, Mr. Goodrich, Mr. Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir , Mr. Clif-

ford. Mr. Lowther, Sir Tho. Strickland. SirTho. Ingram. Mr. Pepis. Sir Heneage Finch. Mr. Yorke. Sir George Sandys. Sir John Dawney, Sir Rich. Maliverer. Mr. Muf-grave. Sir George Reeve. Sir Sir Patricks Curwen, Sir George Fletcher. Sir Philip Warwick.

Sir Henry Harbert. Masterof the Rolls, Sir Mr. Attorney of the Duchy, Mr. Ashburnham. Mr. tague. Mr. Elliot. Mr. Or me. Sir Sir Philip

Harvard. Sir Cha. Berkley. Mr. Phinees Andrewes. Sir Lancelot Lake. Mr. Fane. Sir for den Crofsland. Lord St. John, Mr. Goring. Mr. Shaw, Mr. Sir John

Goodrich, Sir Benja. Ayloff, Mr. Robert Phillips, Mr. Edward Phillips, Mr. Chichley, Mr. Lewes Palmer, Mr. Jeoffery Palmer, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Tho. Leigh, and all the Members of this House who serve for the Counties of Sussex and Surrey, and the City of London: And they are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber, Tomorrow at Two of the Clock: And the Earl of Dorsett is in particular to have Notice: And they are to fend for all Persons concerned, Witnesses, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for ascertaining and establishing the Fees of the

Maftefs of file Chancery in Ordinary, was this Day read the Second time*

Resolved, upon the Question; That the same be committed to the Mailer of the Rolls, Mr. , Mr. Edw. Smith, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir William Smith. Mr. Pryn, Sir Henry Worjley, Mr. George Sir Solomon Swale. Mr. Attorney of the Duchy, Mr. Petkbam, Mr.

Serjeant Charleton, Sir Heneage Finch, Mr. Corey. Sir John Brampfion, Sir John LoWe, Sir John Strangwaics,

Sir Lancelot Lake, Mr. Collins, Sir Tho. Strickland, Sir Justin. Ifam, Sir George Howe, Mr. Carew, Mr. Colli-ford, Mr. Tomkins, Sir Philip Mr. Hide, Mr.

Lewes Palmer, Mr. Geoffery Palmer, Mr. Milward, Mr. Chetwind, Sir Anth. Irby, Mr. Mr. Buckhurst,

Sir Tho. Leigh, Dr. Craddock, Mr. Yorke, Mr.

Dr. Burrell, Mr. Swanton, Mr. Shaw, Sir Tho. Ingram, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Street, Mr. Phineas Andrews, Mr. Dennis, Mr. Lovelace, Sir Tho. Widdrington, Sir Rich. Everard, Sir Maurice Berkley, Mr. Herle, Colonel Lane, Sir Henry Herbert, Sir Philip Warwick, Mr.

ham. Sir Bain. Throckmorton, Mr. Flint, Sir Tho. Smith, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Bulteel, Mr. Edw. Seymour, Sir Henry Newton, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Hump. Bennett, Mr. Wm. Coventry, Mr. Bulkley, Lord Bruce, Sir John,

Sir George Reeve, Sir Wm. Doylee, Mr. Sir

Henry North, Sir John Talbot, Mr. Winston Churchill, Sir Robert Howard, Mr. GlafcockSir Henry Capell, Mr.

Orme, Sir Tho. Fanshaw, Mr. Puckring alias Newton, Sit* Tho. Peyton, Mr. Henry Coventry, Mr. Tho. Coventry, Lord Richardson, Sir Edmund Bowyer, Sir Charles -wallis, Serjeant Maynard, Sir Benja. Ayloff, Sir Charles Harbord, Mr. Steward, Mr. Robert Phillips, Mr. John Churchill, Mr. Wren, Mr. Manwaring: And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Court of Wards: And to fend for Persons, Witnesses, and Records: And to examine in particular what anciently belonged to the Mailers of Chancery in Ordinary, and what is become thereof.

Ordered, That Doctor Craddock, ohe of the Members of this House, have Leave to go into the Country ta visit his Son, being very sick.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilby, ofie of the Members of this House, have the Leave of this House to petition to the Lords, in a Matter relating to his own Particular.

A Bill for restoring Mr. Thomas to his Lands

and Possessions in England and Ireland, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That the same be read again the Second time on this Day Sevennight,

' A Bill towards the Reparation of the Marquis of -ehefter, out of the Manors and Lands of Robert Wallop Esquire, for Ten thousand Pounds granted to him in Way of a Donative out of the Marquis's Estate, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That the same be read again the Second time on Monday next.

Ordered, That the Bill for dividing the Parish of Wrotham, in the County of Kent, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill for dividing Trinity Church in Kingston upon Hull from Hajle, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Serjeant Charleton makes Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Returns made for Sir John Norwich and Sir James Langham by one Indenture, and Sir James Langham and Mr. Francis Harvy by another Indenture, as Burgesses for the Town of Northampton; and the Opinion of the Committee, that, upon the whole Evidence, all the Elections are void.

Y y y And

And the Question being put>, that this House doth agree with the said Committee, that the Elections for the said Borough of Northampton are void s The House was divided:

And the Noes went forth.

Lord Bruce, c Tellers for the Yeas I i = ,,

Sir Charles Harbord,\ "With the Yeas, j Sir John Talbot, . 5 Tellers for the Noes:

} 1 *?-.

Mr. Edward Seymour, t With the Noes,

So it passed in the Affirmative: And Ordered, That Mr. Speaker make a Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to issue out a Writ for a new Election of Burgesses for the said Town of Northampton.

And the said Mr. Serjeant Charleton further making Report, from the said Committee, of divers Miscarriages by the Mayor of Northampton, touching the said Elections; and, in particular, that he had used Menaces to such as would not give their Votes for Mr. Harvy; and had fraudulently, in the Morning when the Election was, made Infants free, to the end they might vote as he pleased; and had caused several Persons to be put by, that would not vote as he desired; and had released Quakers out of Prison, and put Halberts in their Hands, to keep back and discourage such as would have voted contrary to his Intention; and adjourned the taking of the Poll into the Church; and got upon the Communion-Table, and there behaved himself in a very profane and indecent Manner; and declared beforehand, that Serjeant Rensford should not be elected, because he had given a Charge for the Book of Common Prayer; and that the said Mayor had other . misbehaved himself;

Ordered, That the Mayor of the Town of Northampton, For his Miscarriages in the Election of Members to serve for that Town, and for his irreverent and rude Carriage in the Church, and at the Communion-Table, be committed to the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House; and that the Serjeant do apprehend and take him into Custody, to answer his laid Miscarriages.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Drake, one of tire Members of this House, have Leave to go into the Country.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be returned to Dr. Earle, Dean of Westmi and Mr. Greenvil, Chaplain to the Society of Li for the Sermons

they preached Yesterday; and that they be desired to

§rint their Sermons: And Mr. Smith is to return the "hanks to Mr. Dean Earley and Mr. Pryn to Mr. Greenvil.

A Bill for a free and voluntary Present to his Majesty, being ingrossed, was this Day read the Third time. Resolved, That the said Bill should pass.

And the Question being put, that the Title of the said Bill Ihouldbe, An Act for a free and voluntary Present to his Majesty;

' The same passed in the Affirmative, That this should be the Title of the said Bill.

A Bill for the Repeal of an Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for disenabling all Persons in Holy Orders to exercise any temporal Jurisdiction or Authority, being ingmffed, was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, That the said Bill should pals.

And the Question being put, that the Title of the said Bill should be, An Act for Repeal of an Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for disenabling all Persons in Holy Orders to exercise any temporal Jurisdiction or Authority;

The same passed in the Affirmative, That this should be the Title of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Lord C do carry up both the said Bills to the Lords for their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Members of this House, who were desired to take notice of all Rich as should receive the Sacrament, according to the Order of the Thirteenth of

May last, do make Report thereof to this House, 03 Monday Morning next.

Ordered,\That the Members of this House, who were appointed Commissioners by the Lord High Steward to administer the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, or any Tw° or more of them, do meet in the Speaker's Chamber, Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, to perfect the Examination thereof; and make Report thereof to this House, with all convenient Speed.

Ordered, That the Bill for Confirmation of publieic Acts, being how ingrossed, be read Tomorrow Mom-; ing, at Nine of the Clock.

Ordered, That Sir Philip do report untd

this House, on Tuefddy Morning next, the State of the Particulars appointed to make up the Twelve hundred thousand Pounds a Year, designed for his Majesty's constant Revenue; to the end this House may then take intd Consideration the Supply thereof, in case the same be found defective.. , ~ ..... . ' ' '

And then the House adjourned till Seven of the Clock

Tomorrow Morning.

Vzneris, 140 yunii, 130 Regis.

Prayers.

f^Ornelius LeBrun, and James -in order to their

Naturalization, did this Day take the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance before Mr. Speaker, at the Clerk's Table.

A Bill, enabling Sir Anthony Browne to fell Lands for Payment of Debts, being ingrossed, was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Bill do pass.

And the Question being put, that the Title of tffe laid Bill shall be. An Act enabling Sir Anthony Brown to fell Lands for Payment of Debts;

Resolved in the Affirmative.

And Mr. Shaw is to carry up the said Bill,

Ordered, That Mr. Culliford, one of the Members of this House, have Leave to go into the Country.

Ordered, That Sir Roger Bradjhawe, Mr. Pepis, and Mr. Rigby, be added to the Committee of the Bill for the Enlarging and Repairing of Common Highways.

Mr. Dennis reported several Amendments to the Bill, enabling the Sale of some of the Lands of Thomas Hunt Esquire, and John Hunt Gentleman, for Payment of their

Debts: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Placet and thendelivered in the same at the Table: Which several Amendments being twice read;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the said Committee in the said several Amendments: And

Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Bill, with the said Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Officers of the late Court of Wards and Liveries, who have received no. Satisfaction upon the taking away of the said Court, was this Day read.

Resolved, That it be referred to a Committee, to examine what legal Offices of the said Court of Wards were established by the Statute; and to examine and hear the several Claims of the several Officers belonging to such Offices, and report it to the House; and withal to present some Means fiow they may have Recompence for their Places: And the same was committed to Sir Robert Atkins, Lord Bruce, Lord St. John, Sir Edm.

A , I V - / *'

AR. II. Journals of the Jtidafe ^ommonsj

Sir Wm. Compton, Sir Tho. Sir John

Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. Jonathan Sir

Cornwalis, Sir The, Allen, Sir Robert ,'Sir John'

Covert, Mr. Thurland, Lord Falkland, Mr. Mr.-Coryton, Mr. Hen. Coventry, Sir Antho. Irby, Mr. Clifford, Sir Allen Bradrick, Mr. Sir John Good-

rick, Mr. Knight, Mr. Shaw, Sir Henry Newton, Sir George Reeve, ..Sir Courtney Poole, Mr. Phillips,

Nix. Windham, Sir Lancelot Lake, Mr. Strangnvayes, Mr. Lovelace, Sir Allen Apjley, Sir Bainham Throckmorton,

Mr. Wm. Coventry, Mr. Wm. Sir ing, Mr. John Vaughan, Mr. Seamor, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Street, Sir Henry Lea, Lord Rich. Butler, Sir Hugh Bethell, Sir Hump. Winch, Sir Roger Brad/haigh, Sir Tho. Hebblethwayte, Sir Wm. Dcyley, Mr. Bifcowen,

well, Sir Tho. Jones, Sir Phillip Warwick, Sir Worjley, Mr. Dowdfwell, Mr. Lowther, Sir Tho. Ingram,

Mr. Edw. Seymcr, Mr. Playters, Sir Wm. Fleetwood, Sir Heneage Finch, Dr. Burrell, Mr. Churchill, Mr. Chichley, Sir Tho. Dolman, Sir Richard , Sir George Clerk, Mr. Ifewton alias Puckring, Mr. Mr. Tho. Co-

ventry: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Question being put, that the Bill for the enabling bf Churchwardens to assess and levy Monies for Repair of Churches, and ether Occasions incident to their Office, should be this Day read the Second time;

; It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Bill being accordingly read; the same was committed to Sir Henry North, Nit. Birch,. Mr. Clifton, Mr. Lowther, Sir Allen Apjley,. Mr. Francis Finch,. Mr. Bifcowen, Mr. Wm. Coventry, Lord Cavendish, Mr. Bunk ley, Mr. Peckhlam, Sir Lancelot Mr. Chich-

ley, Mr. Pryn, Sir Antho. Irby, Sir John Rolls, Mr. Care w, Mr. Taylor, Nit. Swanton, Sir Mr.

Henry Williams, Mr. Reames, Sir John Goodrich, Mr. Shaw, Mr. Goodrich, Mr. Henry Coventry, Sir Henry Herbert, Mr. Windham, Mr. Fane, Mr. Lewes Palmer, Sir John Brampfton, Mr. Stafford, Sit Benjamin Ayloff,

Sir John Duncomb, Lord Brereton, Mr.' Mountague, Mr. Coriton, Mr. Walden, Mr. Collins, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Charles Cornwallis, Colonel Gil by. Sir George Reeve, Sir Edm. Peirfe, Lord Bruce, Sir Hugh Bethell, Sir Philip Warwick, Colonel Windham, Sir Henry Newton, Sir Reger Bradjhcw, Sir Tho. Ingram, Sir Robert Bolls, Dr. Burrell, Sir Tho. Fanshaw, Lord Butler, Mr. Mil-ward, Mr. Clifford, Mr. Gecffery Palmer, Mr. Phinees Andrewes, Mr. Potter, Mr. Churchill, Sir Edm. Pooley, Sir George Sandis, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Swinfen, Mr. Tho. Coventry, Lord Cornbury, Serjeant Keeling, Mr. Wren, Mr. Aldworth, Sir George CleMr. Rigby, Sir Philip Musgrave, Mr. Mujgrave, Serjeant Charleton, Sir

Harbord, Mr. Knight, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Robert Brooke, Mr. Steward, Sir Robert Holt, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Streete, Sir Tho. Leigh, Mr. Bulteel, Mr. Flint, Sir Wm. Comp-Ion, Mr. Waller, Mr. Wm. Mr. Whorard, and

all the Members of this House, that shall be present at the said Committee, are to have Votes thereat: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock, in the Exchequer-Chamber: And the King's Advocate, and any of his Counsel at Law, or any other Counsel, are to be heard, if they desire it: And the said Committee are to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Everard have Leave of this House to go into the Country, his Child being sick.

Ordered, That the Bill for preventing the Mischiefs and Dangers that may arise by certain Persons, called Quakers, and other Schismaticks, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That a Bill, prohibiting the Importation of Bonelace, Imbroidery, and Needle-work, be read the First time Tomorrow Morning.

: The Bill for confirming publick Acts, being ingrossed, was this Day. read the Third time.:

And a Proviso being brought in, to be added to the Act of free and general Pardon, Indemnity, and Oblivion, which isi thereby to be confirmed;

- The same took up long Debate; And: Resolved, upon the Question* That the further Debate

of the said Proviso be adjourned, till Nine of the Clock Tomorrow Morning. .

' l . ' . '

4 ‘ # ' ' ' ' ' J . i . .

And this Ploufe adjourned till SeVsn of the,'Clock To-; morrow Morning. s. .1 . , 1 ,

" ' "‘.I!

! Sabbati, 150 Junity, 1.3d Car, Regis'.

11'. i

HE Petiriop of the Gentlemen, Inhabitants <$ . County of Cornwall, wag, this Day read. .,

Serjeant Charleton made Report, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, tpucliing the Electiort for the Borough..of Wareham in the County of JDorsett

(touching which Robert Laurence Esquire had preferred his Petition) That the First Question was. Whether the Election was to be by the Mayor, Magistrates, 'and Freeholders, of the said Borough only; or by. them, and aft. that paid Scotland Lot; and, the Opinion of ,-the Committee;, that all that paid Scotland Lot had Votes -in Election with the said Magistrates and Freeholders: And that the Second Question was. Whether Mr. or

Mr.. Culliford had the Majority of Voices; and the Opinion of the Committee, that; the said Mr. Culliford. was duly elected, and ought to fit, j;

Resolved, That, this House doth agree with the>laid Committee, that Mr. Culliford was duly elected one of the Burgesses for' the said Town of Wareham, and ought to fit in this House.. '

Mr. Serjeant Charleton made Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the ' Return >and Election for die Town oi Cardiff in me County of Gla-

morgan: That the said Committee had examined foeCause upon the Merits, and concerning Sir Richard Lloyd's. Waver of his being returned as Burgess for the said d own of Cardiff , and that it appeared to the said Committee,

that, after Mr. Thomas had preferred, his Petition, set ing forth his Election as Burgess for Cardiff, Sir Richard. Lloyd, having notice thereof, and being elected Knight of the Shire for the County of Radnor, had waved his Election for Cardiffand that this House, not being informed

diat that Election was-questioned, did thereupon direct a Writ for a new Election; by virtue whereof Mr. was elected, and returned; whereas Mr. Thomas, ait the former Election, had clearly the Majority of Voices, there being an Hundred and Five for him, and but Forty for Sir Richard Lloyd, and none of them came to the Poll; and that Sir Richard Lloyd acknowledged, that he. knew nothing of his Election till that he was advertised thereof by Letter; and that he did not make any Defence; and the Opinion of the Committee, that Nit. Thomas was duly chosen; and that the Committee submitted to the Judgment of the House, what was to be done with Mr. Basset. r *

Resolved, upon the Question, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that Mr. Thomas was duly chosen Burgess for the said Town of Cardiff, and only ought to fit in this House as Burgess for that Place.

Resolved also, upon the Question, Xhat the new Writ, and Election of Mr. Baffett, . is vend i^apd foat; the same be discharged: And ;: " ;* -

Ordered, That the Clerk of foe Crown do, on Monday next, attend this; House with foe several Returns'touching the said Town of Cardiffj apd- foat foe Sheriff of Glamorganshire do then likewise attend, and take the said Writ and Indenture,' whereby Mr. Btffat' returned,

from the File; and that he do bring in the Indenture I whereby

whereby Mr. Thomas was returned, and file the fame: Whereof the said Sheriff's Deputy, or such as deal for him, are to have notice.

Serjeant Charleton made Report from the said Committee, touching the Difference between William tine Esquire and Sir John Fitzjames Knight, concerning their Elections for the Town of Poole in the County of Dorsett, That the First Question before them was. Whether the Out-Burgesses of the said Town of Poole had Voices as well as the In-Burgesses; and the Opinion of the Committee, that the Our-Burgesses had equal Voices in the Elections with the In-Burgesses: And that the Second Question being. Who had the Majority of Voices, it appeared, that Sir John Fitzjames had much- more the Majority of Voices, and was duly elected one of the Burgesses for the said Town of Poole j and the Opinion of the Committee, that the said Sir John Fitzjames was duly elected one of the Burgesses of the said Town of Poole, and ought to fit.

Resolved, That this House agree with the said Committee, that Sir John Fitzjames was duly elected one of the Burgesses for the said Town of Poole, and ought to fit in this House.

This House being this Day informed by Sir John Talbot Knight, one of the Burgesses of in

the County of Yorke, that one Robert Alton of hath, since the said Sir John Tallot was returned a Burgess for the said Town of , made violent

Entries into and upon certain Lands and Tenements and other the Possessions of the said Sir John Talbot and hath commenced Suits against one Thomas Ellis, who is Bailiff to the said Sir John, and caused him to be arrested by one Gill, one of the Sheriff's Bailiffs, in Breach of Privilege of Parliament,

Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Sir John Tialbot have Privilege, as a Member attending the Service of this House; and that the said Alton and Gill be brought up in Custody to answer their laid Breach of Privilege: And

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, or his Deputy, do accordingly apprehend them, *nd bring them up in lafe Custody.

Upon the Report, made unto this House by Mr. Steward, from the Grand Committee of Grievances, touching the Complaint made against James Halfall and Edward Halfall Esquires, and John Walter Gentleman, from the Ports of Plymouth, Dartmouth, , and

upon Hull, and several other Parts of the Kingdom, that,

by Pretence of a Patent touching Ballast, the said Parties, and their Deputies and Agents, do demand and exact new Duties and Fees, that were never known before;

Resolved, upon the Question, and Ordered, That the Execution of the Patent, as to the new Duties and Fees complained of, be suspended -, and that the said Patentees, their Deputies and Agents, be enjoined to forbear to levy or receive any Money for the new Duties and Fees complained of, until the Matters complained of be heard by the Committee of Grievances, and reported to ihis House.

This House then resumed the Debate touching the Proviso tendered to be added to the Act of Oblivion.

And the Question being put. That the Proviso, tendered to be added to the Act of free and general Pardon, Indemnity, and Oblivion, be read;

The House was divided:

And the Yeas went forth.

Mr. James Herbert, c Tellers for the Noes: )

Sir Henry Capell., t With the Noes, > 32'

Mr. Clifford, 5 Tellers for the Yeas: 7

Mr. Edward Seymour, 1 With the Yeas, J 133*

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Proviso was ordered to be laid afidj,

Ordered, That the Bill to enable the King's Majesty' to make Leases cf Lands, Parcel of his Highness' Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the lame, be read on Monday Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill for constituting the Parish of Stanfted, formerly annexed to the Parish of Wrotham, in the County of Kent, a distinct Parish and Rectory from Wrotham, be read on Monday Morning.

Ordered, That the House proceed upon the Act of Oblivion on Monday Morning, at Nine of the Clock.

And the House adjourned till Seven of the Clock on Monday Morning next.

Lunce, 170 dieJunity 130

Prayers.

c^rOHN Caoett, in order to his Naturalization, this Day took the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance before Mr. Speaker, at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Moreton, Sir Maurice Berkley, Lord Buckhurst, Mr. Churchill, Mr. Jonath.

Sir Edmund Pooley, Sir Edw. Moseley, Sir Chichester Wray, Sir Antho. Irby, Sir Wm. , Sir John Tuff-

ton, Mr. Strickland, Mr. Waller, Mr. Lewes, Sir Wm. Doyley, Sir Edw. Walpoole, Sir Charles Cornwallis, Sir

John Duncomb, Sir John Row Sir Ralph Hare, Sir Rich. Everard, Mr. Cook, Mr. Sicklemore, Sir Francis Clerk, and Sir Henry Lea, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill of the Right Honourable Anne Counteli Dowager of Dorsett, Pembrooke, and Montgomery, touching a Misrecital of the Dates of her Deeds of Jointure, is committed.

Sir John Nicholas, Knight of the Bath, being returned to serve as a Member for Wilton in and allb

for Rippon in the County of Yorke, did this Day wave his Election for Wilton, and elected to lerve for Rippon:

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue a Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown to make out a Writ for a new Election for the Town of Wilton in

A Bill for Confirmation of a Sale of Lands, made by Sir Thomas Preftwitch and others to Sir Edward Mcjley,

was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read again the Second time on this Day Sevennight.

A Bill towards Reparation and Satisfaction to be made to the Marquis of Winchester, out of the Lands of Robert Wallop Esquire, for Ten thousand Pounds granted unto him, in a way of Donative, by the then pretended Parliament, out of the said Marquis of Estate,

being this Day read the Second time, was, upon the Question, committed to Sir John Strangwayes, Mr. Fane, Sir Bainam Throgmorton, Mr. Comptroller, Mr.- Vice-chamberlain, Sir Tho. Fanshaw, Sir Tho. Leigh, Mr. Strickland, Mr. Clifton, Lord Brereton, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Richard Onslow, Sir Jordan Crofiand, Sir John Talbot, Sir Tho. Strickland, Mr. Mr. James,

Mr. Smith, Mr. Prideaux, Sir Solomon Swale, Lord Her* bert. Lord Castleton, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Strangwayes,

Sir Heneage Finch, Mr. Lovelace, Sir Brodrick, Mr. Stafford, Sir Ben. Ayliffe, Sir Sir

Roger Bradshaw, Sir George Reeve, Mr. Moreton, Sir

Antho. Irby, Mr. Jona. Trelawney, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Wharton, Colonel Legg, Sir Edw. Hoptcn, Mr. Ashton, Mr. Lawrence Hide, Sir John Nicholas, Sir Philtp wicke. Sir Robert Howard, Sir Barnard Colonel

Windham, Sir Hugh Windham, Lord Richard Butler, Sir John Goodrick, Sir John Holland, Lord Falkland, Sir Robert Brook, Mr. Collins, Sir George Sir Maurice

Berkley,

13 Car, II. journals of the House of Commons. 173

Berkley, Mr. Hollis, Mr. Tho. Jones, Lord Cavendtish, And Mr. Sollicitor General making Report, that the

Mr. Roberts, Mr. Lewis Palmer, Colonel Sandys, Mr. Committee of the whole House had made feme Progrete Herbert, Mr. Waller, Mr. Edward Seymour i Mr. Crouch, upon the said Bill for ordering the Forces &?<r;

Mr. Heath, Mr. Orme, Sir C<efar Colclough, Sir Adrian Ordered, That this House do resolve into a Committee Scroop, Mn Harbord. Sir Courtney Poole, Sir Henry. of the whole House Tomorrow Morning at Nine of

North, Sir Tho. Ingram, Sir Wm. Compton, Mr. Whitley, the Clock, and then resume the further Debate of the

Sir John Norton, Sir Henry Newton, Mr. George Moun- said Bill.

(ague, Mr. Rigby, Sir John Marloe, Sir Clement Fisher,

Lord Le de Spencer, Sir Antho. Cope, Mr. Puckring, Mr. Ordered, That Hender Roberts Esquire be added to AJburnham, Mr. Henry Coventry, Mr. Milward, Sir the Committee of Privileges and Elections.

George Sandys, Mr. Clifford, Mr. Wm. Sandys, Sir Wm.

Smith, Sir Edmund Bowyer, Mr. Goodricke, Mr. GlaJ- And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Mom-

cock, Mr. Ashbyrnbam, Mr. Knight, Sir Henry Capell, *ng at Seven of the Clock.

Sir Edmund Peirfe, Mr. Edgerlon, Mr. Chetwind, Sir Ro- ....

bert Holt, Sir Richard Oatley, Mr; Geofrey Palmer, Lord

Buckburjl, Mr. Dowdfwell Lord Mamfeild, Colonel Bi- 18° y unity 1

Shop, Lord Bruce, Sir Philip Mujgmve, Mr. Wm. Coven- *'

try, Mr. Fretchvill, Mr Darcy, Sir John Rolls, Mr. Prayers.

Puckering, Mr. Ireland, Sir Tho. Fanshaw junior, Serjeant f\Rdered, That Sire William Fenwick, one of the Knights

Charleton, Sir Tho. Meres, Colonel Gil by, Mr. Clerke, for the County of have Leave to

Sir Rich. Maleverer, Mr. Street, Sir Edward Seymour, go into the Country.

Mr. Higgins, Mr. John Newton, and all the Members

that serve for Hampshire: And they are to meetTo-mor- Ordered, That the Records of the King's Bench and row, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Ex- Common Pleas, which, by Order of a pretended Com-chequer-Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, Wit- mittee of Parliament, bearing Date the Twenty-ninth of nelfes, and Records: And all Persons concerned are to January 1649, were removed out of the Rooms over the have Notice. Parliament-House, be brought back, and kept there, as

formerly they used to be.

A Bill for dividing Trinity Church in Kingston upon Hull from Hajle was this Day read the First time. A Bill for Supply of a Defeat in a Conveyance made

Resolved, That this Bill be read again the Second time upon the Marriage of Sir Henry Frederick Tbynne with on this Day Sevennight. Mary his now Wife, was read the First time.

That the same be read again the Second time A Bill for the new Erection of the Parish of Holland, on Friday next.

Com' Lancaster, and endowing the Rector of the said

Parish, was this Day read the First time. A Bill to enable die Sale of some of the Lartds of Tho-

Resolved, That the said Bill be read again the Second mas Hunt Esquire, and John Hunt Gentleman, for Paytime on this Day Sevennight; ment of their Debts, being ingrossed, was this Day read

the Third time.

A Bill for the preventing the Mischiefs and Dangers Resolved, That the said Bill do pals,

that may arise by certain Persons called Quakers, and Resolved, That the Tide of the said Bill shall be. An

other Schismaticks, was this Day read the First time. Act to enable the Sale of fbme of the Lands of Thomas Resolved, That the same be read again the Second time Hunt Esquire, and John Hunt Gentleman, for Payment ori Thursday next. ' of their Debts.

And Mr. Fowell is to carry up the said Bill to the Lords Mr< Street reports, from the Committee to whom the for their Concurrence;

Bill of the Corporation of the Clothiers of Worcester was

referred, several Amendments which he read with the A Bill for erecting and augmenting of Vicarages, was Coherence in his Place: Which Amendments being this Day read the First time.

severally twice read , Resolved, That the said Bill be read again the Second

Resolved, upon the Question, That this House doth time on Monday next, agree with the said Committee to the said several Amendments: And Resolved, upon the Question, That the Deputy Clerk

Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Bill, with of the Crown, now attending at the Door with the Re-the several Amendments, this Day read, and agreed to, turns, do take from off the File the Writ and Indenture be ingrossed. whereby Mr. Baffett was returned Burgess for Cardiff j

and that he cancel the fame.

Ordered, That the Matter upon the Bill for Confir- Resolved further, That he do raze the Name of Sir mation of publick Acts be taken into Consideration, the Richard Lloyd out of the Indenture, whereby he was re-first publick Business, Tomorrow Morning at Nine of turned Burgess for the fad Town of Cardiff j and that the Clock. he do, instead thereof, insert the Name of Thomas

Esquire, who was duly elected for the said Town of . Ordered, That Mr. Shaw do Carry unto the Lords, Cardiff.

for their Concurrence, Mr. Harbin's Bill; and Six Anthony In Obedience whereunto, the Deputy to the Clerk of Browne's Bill. the Crown did, at the Clerk's Table, take the said Writ

and Indenture, whereby the lad Mr. Baffett was returned. Ordered, That the Bill for rredling and augmenting of from off the File, and cancelled the same *, and did raze Vicarages be read To-morrCw Morning. the Name of the said Sir Richard Lloyd out of the Inden-

ture whereby he was returned and, instead thereof, in-And then the House resolved into a Grand Committee ferted the Name of the fad Mr.

of the whole House, to proceed upon the Bill for ordering

the Forces in the several Counties of this Kingdom: And Sir Philip Warwick, according to an Order of the Mr. Speaker left the Chair: And Thirteenth of June last, did this Day make Report to this

Sir Heneage Finch, his Majesty's Sollicitor General, took. House of the State of the Paticulars designed for his

the Chair: Majesty's conllant Revenue, to the Effect following:

And, after much Debate upon the said Bill, That, by an Order, made the One-and-thirtieth of July

Mr. Speaker again took the Chair. 1660. by the Commons then assembled, it was referred

Z z z to

30 Car. Regis.

to a Committee* to consider of settling such a Revenue on his Majesty, as might maintain the Splendor and Grandeur of his Kingly Office, and preserve the Crown from Want, and from being undervalued by his Neighbours j and to make a speedy Report to the House.

In pursuance whereof, several Particulars were designed for his Majesty's Revenue.

And that, upon the whole Matter, he found, the Customs, estimated at Five hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, would fall ffiort One hundred thousand Pounds: That the Excise, valued at Three hundred thousand Pounds, would fall short Fifty thousand Pounds:

That the Crown-Lands, valued at One hundred and Twenty thousand Pounds, would falUhort Forty thousand Pounds.

That the Estimate upon Advance of the Queen's Join-♦re, at Fifty thousand Pounds, will fall ffiort Forty thousand Pounds:

That the Estates forfeited, estimatedat Thirty-eight thousand Pounds, will fall ffiort Twenty-five thousand Pounds: That the Wine-Licences, estimated at Twenty-five thousand Pounds, will fall ffiort Ten thousand Pounds: Total of the Defects Two hundred Sixty-five thousand Pounds.

That there were other Particulars fell ffiort , but he would not trouble the House at present with them, because perchance they might bear their own Remedies. And he recommended very earnestly the Laws for coercive Powers to be strengthened.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect and examine the Business of the King's Majesty's Revenue, and the Particulars proposed to make it up; and to report how much, and wherein, the same is defective -, and by what Means it may be belt and most effectually supplied.

And a Committee was accordingly appointed of the Members following; Sir Ph Warwick, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Ashburnham, Sir Heneage Finch, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Allen Brodrick, Mr. Edw. Phillips, Sir Wm.

Fleetwood, Mr. Lewis Palmer, Sir Henry Herbert, Lord Bruce, Mr. Edw. Seymour, Sir Robert Bolles, Mr. Secretary Morice, Mr. Wm. Sandis, Mr. Birch, Sir Wm.

Lewes, Sir Tho.Leigh',' Sir Robert Atkins, Lord Brereton, Lord Rich. Butler, Sir Baneham Throgmorton, Mr. Fane, Lord St. John, Serjeant Charleton, Sir , Mr.

Henry Coventry, Lord Cornebury, Sir John Goodrich, Sir John Nicholas, Sir Tho. Fanshaw, Mr. Robert Phillips, Lord Falkland, Sir John BramSir Lane. Lake, Sir Hugh Windham, Mr. Thurland, Mr. Clifford, Lord Can-

dish, Sir John Denham, Colonel Windham, Colonel Legg, Sir Rich. Ford, Mr. Mountague, Sir Wm. Smith, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Rich. Onslow, Sir James Smith, Sir Tho. Woodcock, Sir Ben. Ayliff, Lord Mandevil, Mr. Knight, Mr. John Trelawney, Mr. Fretchvill, Sir Edm.

Pooley, Sir Cha. Cornwallis, Mr. Harvy, Sir Tho. Blood-

worth, Mr. Griffin, Mr. Williams, Mr. Goodrich, Mr. Lovelace, Sir Robert Howard, Mr. Eger ton. Sir Nick. Crispe, Mr. Phinees Andrewes, Mr. Clifton, Mr. Chowne, Sir John Holland, Mr. GilesStrangwayes, Lord , Sir John Barrington, Sir Jordan Crojland, Sir John Covett, Mr. Huffey, Mr. Law. Hyde, Mr. Nicholas, Sir John Vaughan, Sir Wm. Hey wood, Mr. Bulteele, Sir Francis Clerke, Six Francis Windham, Sir George Reeve, Mr. Peckham, Sir Jo. Strangwayes, Colonel Sir Jo. Talbot,

Mr. George Pitts, Sir Antho. Irby, Sir Sir

Edw'. Maffey, Mr. Trelawney, Sir George Sandis, Mr. Swanton, Sir Antho. Cope, Sir John Duncomb, Sir Theop. Biddolph, Mr. Glascock, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Maurice, Mr. Coriton, Mr. Smith, Sir John Shaw, Sir Hum. Bennett, Mr. Bunkley, Mr. Churchill, Mr. Clerke, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Wren, Mr. Waller, Mr. Pryn, Sir Wm. Compton, Mr. Wm. Coventry, Mr. Fowell, Mr. Gawdy, Mr. Graham, Mr. Hungerford, Sir Tho. Ingram, Mr. Tho. Jones, Mr. Kyrkby, Mr. Jo. Lowther, Sir Philip Musgrave, Sir Tho.Meres, Mr. Milward, Sir Henry North, Lord Offory, Sir Tho. Peyton, Sir Jo. Rolls, Sir Tho. Strickland, Mr. Strickland, Mr. Scot, Mr. Street, Mr. Attorney of the Duchy, Sir

5

Hump. Winch, Sir Henry Worsley, Sir John Torke, Mr. John Jones, Sir Rich. T tmple, Sir Jo. Cary, Mr. zveil. Sir Wm. Doyley, Mr. Francis Finch, Colonel

Sir Robert Holt, Mr. James Herbert, Lord Herbert, Mr. Jolliff, Sir Gilbert Ireland, Mr. Wm. Lowther, Lord Mansfeild, Mr. George Mountague, Mr. Musgrave, Mr. Chetwind, Sir Hen. Newton, Sir Wm. Powell, Mr. Pepis, Mr. Hender Roberts, Sir Adrian Scroope, Mr. Swinfen,

Mr. Sandis, Mr. Tanner, Mr. Vicechamberlain, Mr. Whitley, Sir Edw. Walpoole, Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. Geofrey Palmer, Mr. Welden, Mr. Bifcowen: And all the Members of this House that shall be present shall have Votes at the Committee: And the said Committee are hereby impowered to make Sub-Committees, as there shall be Occasion; and to receive the Petition of the Brewers, or any other Petitions that shall be offered to them, concerning his Majesty's Revenue: And to fend for Persons, Papers, Witnesses, and Records: And they are to meet in this House on Friday next, at Two of the Clock. '

And this House then resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Debate of the Bill for ordering the Forces in the several Counties of this Kingdom: And

Mr. Speaker left the Chair: And '

Sir Heneage Finch, his Majesty's Sollicitor General, took the Chair:

And after much Debate upon the said Bill,

Mr. Speaker again took the Chair.

And Mr. Sollicitor General making Report, that the Committee of the whole House had had much Debate upon the said Bill, but made little Progress therein;

Ordered, That the Debate of the Bill for Confirmation of publick Acts be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Seven of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Mercuriiy 190 'Juntiy 130 Car.

PR.AYERS.

Artholomew de la Ruelle, in order to his Naturalization, took the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance before Mr. Speaker, at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Petition for the Borough of Radnor, in the County of Radnor, which though it came not in within the Time limited, be referred to the Committee for Elections.

Ordered, That a Bill for the better Ordering and Improving of the Fens in the County of Lincolne, and in the County of the City of Lincolne, be read in the Firffi Place Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for the settling and confirming of certain Manors and Lands, devised by Sir Robert Hitcham Knight, to charitable Uses, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Crouch, Mr. Street, Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. Proby, Sir Antho. Irby, Sir Wm. Compton, Sir George Ryve, Sir Edw. Smith, Sir George Fletcher, Sir Philip Howard, Mr. Swanton, Sir Wm. Doyley, Mr. Gazvdy, Lord Brereton, Sir Roger Bradfhigh, Mr. Moreton, Sir Allen Apjley, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Jo. Goodrich, Sir Allen Brodrick, Sir Rich. Osley, Mr. Weld, Mr. Chetwind, Mr. Secretary Morrice, Mr. Chicheley, Mr. Clifford, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Wendy, Sir Lan. Lake, Serjeant Charleton, Mr. Goodrich, Mr. Howard, Mr. Torke, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Prin, Sir Wm. Whitmore, Mr. Edw. Seymour, Sir Jo. Terrell, Sir Rich. On/lozv, Mr. Prideaux, Mr. Bennett, Sir Tho. Fanshaw, Sir Francis Law ley. Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Rob.

Howard, Mr. Phinees Andrewes, Mr. Mr. Mountague, Mr. Hender Roberts, Baron of Sir Jo.

Holland, Mr. Milward, Mr. Trelawney, and all the

Members

Members that serve for the Counties of Essex,

and Cambridge, and for the University and Town of Cambridge t And they are to meet in the Exchequer Chamber this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all Persons concerned are to have Notice*

Upon the Petition of the Mayor of

Ordered, That the Mayor of Northampton be brought to the Bar of this House.

A Bill for confirming publick Acts was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That this Bill be read the Second time on Friday Morning next.

The House then resumed the Debate upon the former ingossed Act for confirming the Act of Indemnity, and other publick Acts.

A Bill for the well-governing of Corporations was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read again the Second time Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock.

Resolved, That the Debate of the Matter upon the Act for confirming the Act of Indemnity, and other publick Acts, be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning; to be taken into further Consideration afterNine of the Clock.

And the House then resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to take into further Debate the Bill for ordering the Forces of this Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Sollicitor General took the Char: And he afterwards left the Chair: And

Mr. Speaker took the Char.

A Message from the Lords, by the Lord Chief Baron and Mr. Baron ‘Turner;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have returned you Two Bills; one for Repeal of an Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for disenabling all Persons in Holy Orders to exercise any temporal Jurisdiction or Authority; and another for a free and voluntary Present to his Majesty; with several Amendments; and desire your Concurrence to these Amendments.

And the Messengers being withdrawn;

The Amendment to the said Bill, for Repeal of the Act for disabling-all Persons in Holy Orders to exercise any temporal Jurisdiction or Authority, being in the Title of the Bill, the First Line, instead of the Words " an an," read " an Aftthe laid Amendment was thrice read: And

Resolved, upon the Question, That this House doth agree with the Lords to the said Amendment: And

Ordered, That the Clerk do accordingly amend the Tide of the said Bill:

Which was done at the Table.

And the Amendments to the said Bill, for a free and voluntary Present to his Majesty, being in the First Skin, and First Line, add " Lords and and in the Second Skin, and Third Line, after the Word " of" add these Words, " Four hundred Pounds the said Amendments were severally thrice read: And

Resolved, upon the Question, That the Clerk do accordingly fill up the Blanks in the said Bill with the said Amendments:

And he did the same accordingly at the Table.

And then the Messengers were called in again; and Mr. Speaker gave this Answer to their Message;

My Lord Chief Baron, The House hath taken the Message you brought, into Consideration; and hath agreed to the Amendments in both Bills.

Whereupon they withdrew.

And the House then again resumed the Debate of the Bill for ordering the Forces of the Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Sollicitor General took the Chair.

And after feme Debate had by the said Committee upon the said Bill;

Mr. Speaker again took the Chair.

And Mr. Sollicitor General made Report,' that the Committee had made further Progress upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the further Debate of the said Bill be adjourned till Tomorrow at Nine of the Clock.

1 X

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morn* ing, at Eight of the Clock. -; '

y<wis, 20° yunity130 Car. Regis,

Prayers.

ANNE Ferrers, Joachim Frederick and

isaac De Lamare, in order to their Naturalization, took the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy before Mr. Speaker at the Clerk's Table.

A Bill to enable Algernon Peyton Doctor of Divinity to make Sale of Part of his Lands for Payment of Debts, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Bill be committed to SirAntho. Irby, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Henry Williams, Mr. Waller, Mr. Walden, Mr. Lord

Castleton, Colonel Gilby, Sir Bayn. Throgmorton, Mr. Clifton, Sir Tho. Peyton, Mr. Smith, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Maurice, Mr. Newton, Mr. Corye, Sir Brampflon, Mr. Cotton, Mr. Gray, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Huffey, Mr. Collins, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Jo, Holland, Sir Colonel Windham, Mr. Clifford, Mr.. George, Sir Hen. Williams, Mr. Daniell, Sir Hen. Newton, Mr. Orme, Sir Tho. Allen, Mr. Puckering, and all the Mefnbers that serve for Norfolke and CambridgefhAnd they are to meet in the Star-Chamber on S next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for the better ordering &t. of divers Fens and Fenny Grounds within the County of , and within

the County of the City of Linwas this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That the same be read again the Second time on Wednesday next.

A Bill, enabling Rowland Okeover Esquire to fell certain Lands in the County of Derby, Was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Bill be committed to Sir Tho. Leigh, Mr. Shakerly, Sir Solomon Swale, Dr. Rufhton, Mr. Puckering, Mr. Street, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Goodrick, Mr. Pitt, Baron of Sir Jo. Goodrick, Mr. Smith, Mr. Giles Strangwayes, Mr. Mr. Rigby, Mr. Clifford, Sir Bayn. Throgmorton, Mr. Orme, Mr. Milward, Lord Rich. Butler, Mr. Lowther> Sir George Reeve, Sir Hen. Newton, Sir James Smithy Mr. Pepis, Mr. George, Mr. Finch, Mr. Maurice, and all the Members that serve for Staffordshire: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, Witnesses, and Records: And all Persons concerned are to have Notice.

A Bill, ingrossed, sent from the Lords, for settling the Manors of Knoll Seale and Kempjing, in the County of Kent, upon the Earl of Dorsett and his Heirs, and charging the Manors of Berhill, Cowding, and other Lands, with a Rent-Charge of One hundred and Thirty Pounds per Annum in Lieu thereof, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed to Sir Antho. Irby, Sir George Reeve, Mr. Shaw, Mr. Lovelace, Lord j Rich. Butler, Sir Richard Brebam, Sir Fran. Vincent, Mr. Wm. Lowther, Sir Geo. Sandis, Sir Edw. Hales,

Sir

Sir Wm. Day ley. Sir Lan. L* Mr. Sir Goodrich, Sir Cha. HerbertSir Tho. Sir

Clerke, Mr. Harbord, Serjeant Mr. Lewis

mer, Mr. Prin, Mr. MortonMr. Lord

Mr. Coriton, Mr. Rigby, Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. Edw. Smith, Sir Tho. Leigh, Sir Jo. Holland, Mr. Lowe, Mr. Trelawney, Mr. Goodrich, Sir John Covet, Mr. ,-

Sir Hump. Bennett, Sir Heneage Finch, Mr. Geoffrey Palmer, Mr. Kirkby, Sir Jo. Rouse, Sir Hen. Newton, Mr.

Cliffton, Mr. Dowdfwell, Mr. Street, Mr. Hen. Coventry, Sir Edm. Pooley, Sir Rich. »Sir Tho. Lee, Mr.

Stanley, Mr. Fane, Mr. Waller, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Sandis, Sir Cha. Cornwallis, Lord Combury, Sir Ralph Bankes, Mr. Torke, Sir Cha. Berkley, and all the Mem-

bers that serve for the Counties of Surry and Suffer, and for the City of London: And are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all concerned are to have Notice.

The Mayor of Northampton, being in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, for his Miscarriages in the Election for that Borough, and irreverent Carriage in the Church, and at the Communion Table, was this Day brought to the Bar of this House; and, making an humble Submission upon his Knees, received a grave Represension from Mr. Speaker and was thereupon discharged of his Imprisonment, paying his Fees.

Mr. Edward Smith reported several Amendments to the Bill for ascertaining and establishing the Fees of the Matters of the Chancery, in Ordinary: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place j and delivered in the fame, together with the said Bill, at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Amendments being severally twice read;'

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said several Amendments, with this Addition after the Word " mentioned," in the Sixth Amendment, " that then every such Matter, being thereof legally convi<sted, shall thenceforth be disabled from the Execution of his laid Office of Matter of the Chancery And also

Ordered, That the said Bill, with the said Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That a Grand Committee for regulating the Courts of Justice do lit upon Mondays; and that they take into Confederation the several Fees in all the Courts, Offices, and Prisons, and particularly the Fees in the Exchequer upon passing Sheriffs Accounts; and they are to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, from all Courts, Offices, and Prison.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker be authorized to write Letters into the several Counties of England and Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, to quicken the speedy Payment of all Arrears of Assessments, Poll-money, and any other Monies whatsoever due to his Majesty, and yet unpaid: And the Knights of the Shires of the several Counties are desired to take care of the Conveyance thereof; and to use their belt Endeavours for the Furtherance of this important Service.

Ordered, That the Committee for the paying off and disbanding the Army and Navy do make Report thereof unto this House on Tuesday Morning next.

Serjeant Charleton reports from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the several Returns of Sir Edward Hungerford, Mr. Bainton, and Sir Hugh Speake, as Burgesses for the Borough of Chippenham in the County of Wilts, that no due Notice was given for the Election; and that lo many of the Electors were absent, as might have over-balanced the Poll, had they all been there; and that the Poll, being demanded for all Three, was re-fiifed, as against Mr. Bainton and the Opinion of the Committee, of the wilful Miscarriage of the Bailiff therein, as by Design , and that the Election was void.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the said Committee, that the Election for the said Borough of Chippenham is void.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker be desired to make a Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to issue a new Writ for the Election of Burgesses for the said Borough of Chippenham.

Resolved, That the Bailiff of Chippenham be sent for in Custody to answer his said Miscarriage at the Election, and his insolent Carriage before the Committee; and that, the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, or his Deputy, do apprehend and bring him up in Custody.

Ordered, That the Lord Cornbttry do carry up to the Lords the Two Bills which were Yesterday returned from the Lords, as they are amended in the Particulars therewith sent; and to desire their Concurrence to them both; but that the Bill for a free and voluntary Present to his Majesty may be sent back.

The Bill for well-governing of Corporations was this Day read the Second time.

And the Question being put, that the said Bill should be committed;

The House wds divided:

And the Years went forth.

Sir Jo. Buncombe, C Tellers for the Yeas: l c Sir Tho. Fanshaw ffivt. c With the Yeas, J 1°^‘ Mr. Stanley, t Tellers for the Noes: i,

Sir Edw. Maffey, \ With the Noes,

So it passed in the Affirmative.

And thereupon the said Bill was committed to Sir John Buncombe, Mr Rigby, Mr. Comptroller, Sir Thomas Fan*

fhaw, Mr. Thurland, Mr. Clifford, Sir Rob. Atkins, Lord Bruce, Lord Castleton, Sir Tho. Leigh Lord Combury, Sir Antho. Cope, Sir Wm. Lewes, Sir Jo. Morley. Sir Allen Apfley, Mr. Fane, Mr. Goodrich, Mr. Jay, Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir Allen Brodriche, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Court. Poole, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Lewes Colonel Windham, Sir Jo. Tuffton, Sir Geo. Reeve, Mr.: Grey, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Vicechamberlain, Sir Heneage Finch, Serjeant Charleton, Sir Rich. Onslow, Sir Jo. rich, Lord Cavendish, Mr. Ashbumham, Mr. Knight, Mr. Churchill, Sir Phil. Warwick, Mr. Peckham, Lord Falkland, Sir Bay. Thogmorton, Sir Jo. Holland, Mr. Chich-ley. Sir Roger Bradfheigh, Mr. Flint, Serjeant Keeling, Mr. Edw. Seymour, Mr. Andrewes, Sir Hen. North, Mr. Milward, Mr. Waller, Sir Edw. Hopton, Mr. Stafford, Mr. Wm. Sandis, Sir Rich. Ford, Sir Cha. Cornwallis, Lord St. John, Sir Rich. Frankin, Mr. Edw.

Sir Ralph Batiks, Sir Wm. Hickman, Sir Jo. Talbot, Sir Ben. Ayloff, Mr. Bulteele, Mr. Wren, Sir George Courtop,

Sir Hump. Bennett, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Garway, Mr. Mompeffon, Mr. Chune, Mr. Heath, Mr. Lovelace, Sir Fra. Vincent, Sir Wm. Haywood, Lord Mr.

Cliffton, Sir Rich.Maliverer, Sir Philip Musgrave, Mr.

Harbert, Sir Tho. Fanshaw, Colonel Fretcbvill, Mr. Bif-cowen, Mr. Stanley, Sir Herbert Price, Mr. Benny Ash-bumham, Sir Tho. Ingram, Sir Wm. Smith, Mr. Whiteker, Mr. Geofrey Palmer, Sir Edw. Mofley, Mr. Bunkley, Sir Hugh Windham, Mr. Orme, Mr. Walden, Lord Offory, Mr. Hen. Williams, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Jo. Nicholas, Sir Jo. Brampflon, Mr. Fowell, Sir Hen. Herbert, Mr. Rob. Phillips, Sir Wm. Compton, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Torhe, Mr. Glafcoke, Sir Wm. Fleewood, Sir James Smith, Lord

Brereton, Sir Tho. Peyton, Sir Edm. Peirfe, Dr. Arris, Colonel Kyrkby, Mr. Rob. Crooke, Mr. Musgrave, Mr. Trevanyan, Mr. Tanner, Sir Hen. Williams, Mr. Lovelace, Sir Rob. Brooke, Sir Rob. Holt, Mr. Trelawney, Sir Tho. Strickland, Sir Jo. StrangwayeBaron of Kinderton, Mr. Scot, Sir Tho. Smith, Mr. Hender Roberts, Lord Le de Spencer, Mr. Fra. Buller, Mr. Whorwood, Mr. Strickland, Mr. Tint, Sir Cafar Coledouch, Mr. Puckering, Mr.

Thomas, Mr. Souchcott, Mr. Griffin, Mr. Sam. Sandis, Dr. Burwell, Mr. Hen. Williams, Mr. Harbord, Mr.

Weld, Mr. Sherrard, Sstjo. Barrington, Lord

Sir Hen. North, Mr. Herle, Mr. Attorney of the Duchy,

Sir-

13 Car. II. Journals of the House of Commons. 277

Sir Adrian Scroope, Colonel B Mr. Dowdfwell, Sir George Sandis, Sir Rich. LloyMr. , Sir i/f».

Newton, Sir Tho. Woodcock, Mr. Price: And they are

to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Exchequer-Chamber.

And the Question being put, that all the Members of this House, that shall come to the said Committee, shall have Votes;

The House was divided: And The Noes went forth.

c- rr t C Teller for the Yeas: 7

Sir Henry Lea, j With the Yeas, i

Sir John Buncombe, t Teller for the Noes: i Sir Cha. Cornwallis, X With the Noes,) So it passed in die Negative.

/ a-

l II.

And the House then adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, at Eight of the Clock.

A Bill for the better Tanning, Tawing, and Drelling of Leather* was this Day reaa the Second time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Bill, for better Tanning, Tawing, and Drcfling of Leather, be committed: And

Resolved, upon the Question, that the said Bill be committed to the Grand Committee for Trade.

Ordered, That the said Grand Committee for Trade, do examine, how the Price of Leather comes to be lo high , and that they do take into Conuderation, by what Means it may be remedied.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for regulating Corporations is committed, do fit this Afternoon; and in this House, if they please: And that all other Committee do forbear to fit: And that the said Committee do bring in their Report Tomorrow Morning, if the can.

Veneris, 2i° die yunii, 130 Car. Regis.

nTHeodore Samms, George Matfen, George Stamped, and Nicholas Hynd, in order to their Naairalization, took the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, before Mr. Speaker, at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That Sampson Bond be sent for in Custody, for his Breach of Privilege, in serving a Writ of on Mr. Pendarvis, a Member of this House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, or his Deputy,' to apprehend the said Bond, and bring him to the Bar of this House, to answer his said Breach of Privilege.

A Bill of Sir Henry Frederick to supply the De-

feat in a Deed, and to have a Decree in Chancery, for that Purpose, confirmed, and Lands settled accordingly, being this Day read, the Second time, was, upon the- Question, committed to Lord Cornbury, Sir Jo. Packington, Mr. Lovelace, Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Hen. Coventry,. Sir Rob. HowardMr. Sandis, Sir Court.

Poole, Sir Hum. Bonnet, Mr. Sir

Mr. Fane, Sir Jo. Talbot, Mr. Clifford, Sir Peyton, Sir Maurice Berkley, Mr. Sir Meres,

Sir Lart. Lake, Colonel Fretcbvill, Sir Henry Lee, Sir Tho.

Fanfhaw, Mr , George, Mr. Windham, Sir Allen Apjley, Sir Hugh Windham, Mr. Crouch, Sir Hen. Bennett, Lord Falkland, Mr.. Swinfen, Sir Jo. Mr,

Mr. Clifton, Mr. Wm. Coventry, Sir George Reeve, Mr. Francis Finch, Mr. Heath, Sir Wm. Hickman, Mr. Good-rick, Serjeant Keeling, Mr. DMr Street, Serjeant Charlton, Sir Philip Warwick, Sir Rich. Ford, Mr. Geoffery Palmer, Sir Philip Lord Brereton,

Sir Tho. Dolman, Lord Aner Mr. Mr.

George Mountague, Mr. Law. Hyde, Sir Edm. Pooley,

Sir Wm. Doyley, Mr. Waller, Mr. , Mr.

ley. Sir Anthony Irby, Mr.' Piercy Goring, Sir Rich. Wife-man, Mr, Seymour, Sir Edm. Sir Jo

Mr. Serjeant Maynard, Sir Hen. Vernon, and all. the Members that serve for Glocestershire, Shropshire, and Wittshire: And they are to meet Tomorrow, in the Speaker's Chamber, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to fend for Persons, Papers, Witnesses, and Records.

Mr. George reports Amendments from the Committee, to whom Orlabers Bill was referred Which

Amendments being twice read, and, upon the Question, severally agreed to

Resolved, That the said Bill, with the said Amendments, read and agreed to, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Bill touching Common Fields be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That die Bill against Perjury be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Committee for the King's Majesty's Revenue do fit Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Two of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Eight of the Clock,-To-morrow Morning.

kD

Sabbati, 2 2° yunii, 13° Car. Regis.

A Bill to enable a Sale of Lands to pay the Debts, and provide for the Children of Rickard being a Lunatick, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read again the Second time on Tuesday next.

Ordered, That the Petition of Miles Dodson be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill of Doctor Peyton is committed

A Bill to enable Mr. John Holford to make Sale of 1 Lands, to pay his Debts, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, That the same be committed to Mr. erley, Mr. Griffin, Sir Geo. Reeve, Mr. Sir

Wm. Doyley, Sir Edm. Pei'feMr. Attorney of the Duchy, Sir Anthony Irby, Sir Rob. Atkins, Mr. Lowther, Sir Jo. Covert, Colonel Mr. Radcliff, Mr.

Rigby, Mr. Whorewood, Mr. , Mr. Appleton,

Sir Hen. North, Mr. Spencer, Mr. Goodricke, Sir Adrian Scroope, Lord Ancram, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Sir Rich. Lloyd, Mr. Street, Lord Brereton, Mr. Sir Robert Holt,.Sir Francis Vincent, Sir Solomon Swale, Mr.

Crouch, Sir Rich. Elverard, Colonel Lane, Mr. Lovelace, Mri Flint, Mr. Musgrave, Mr. Wm. Sandis, Sir Tho. Leigh, Sir Jo. Brampjhn, Mr. Fane, Sir Edw. Moseley, Baron of Kinderton, Sir Gilb. Ireland, Sir Tho. Dolman, Mr. Stanley, Sir Lot.Lake, Sir and

all other the Members of this House, who serve for Ghepire and Lcmcaster: And they are to meet this Day, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, In the Speaker's Chamber: Arid to fend for Persons, Papers, Witnesses, and Records.

i Peter Mark Sparke, Doctor of Physick, in order to his Naturalization, took the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, before Mr. Speaker, at the Clerk's Table,

' A Bill for Confirmation of a Sale of Lands, made by Sir Thomds Prestwich, and others, to Sir Edward Mofe-

ley, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, That the same be committed to Mr. Good-rick, the Baron of Kinderton, Mr. Crooke, Sir Geo. Sandis, Mr. Griffin, Mr. Milward, Mr. Knight, Sir Hen. North, Sir Tho. Leigh, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Newton, Mr. Atto. of the Duchy, Mr. Manwaring, Colonel Fretcbvill, Sir Anth. Cope, Mr. Smith, Mr. Cory, Mr. Crouch, Sir Rich. Oately, Sir Antbo. Irby, Sir Wm. Doyley, Mr. 4 A Lowther,

278 Journals of the House of Commons A. t66l.

Lowther, Sir Wm. Tredenbam, Sir , Sir

Peirce, Mr. Flint, Sir Rob. Holt, Sir Allen Brodrick,

Sir Solo. Swale, Mr. Puckering. Mr. Colo-

nel Gil by, Mr. Win. Sandis, Sir Jo. Goodricke, Mr. Prin, Sir Rob. Atkins, Sir Ed JValpoole, Mr. Lewis

Palmer, Mr1. Lovelace, Sir Hugh Beibell, Mr. Colins, Mr. Weld, and all the Members that serve for Lancashire: And they are to meet on Ttiefd next, at Two of the Clock, in the Exchequer-Chamber: And to fend fot Pei fens. Papers* and Recotds: And all concerned are to have Notice.

A Bill, of Sir John Clarke, Baronet, to have a Deed, made by Sif Simon Clarke, made void; and a Sale of* Lands, made to Pulwar Skipwith, Esquire, by the said Sir John Ciarke, Confirmed; was this Day read the Second time; and, upon the Question, committed to Mr. Francis Goodrick, Mr. Wm. Sandis, Sir Allen, Mr.

Sir Cha. Contewallis, Sir Ant bo. Irby, Mr. Fane, Sir James Smith, Mr. Tompkins, Sir Hen. North, Mr.

Sir Jo. Talbot, Mr. Jenhings, Mr. Sit Court.

Poole, Mr. Griffin, Mr. Spencer, Serjeant Keeling, Sir Tho. Leigh, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir James Smith, Mr. Swantcti, Sir Solo. Swale, Mr. GaWdy, Sir Clem. Fisher, Mr. George, Sir Geo. Reeve, Sir Rob. Atkins, Sir Edw. Moseley, Sir John Hotham, Sir Rich. Francklin,

Mr. Newton, Sir Tho. DolemaColonel Legg, Mr. Milward, Mr. Momtague, Mr. Attorney of the Duchy, Colonel Shackerley, Mr. Chetwind, Mr. Coriton, Mr. Crouch, Sir Jo. Goodrick, Mr. Knight, Mr. , Sir

Edm. Peirfe, Mr. Weld, Sir Wm. Doyley, Mr. Rigby, Sir Geo. Courtop, Mr. Musgrave, Colonel Gilby, and all the

Members of this House that serve for Warwickshire: And they are to meet in the Exchequer-Chamber on Tuesday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to fend for Persons, Papers, Witnesses, and Records.

Ordered, That the Committee for the Great Level of the Fens fit on Wednesday next.

Ordered, That the Petitions of the Merchants, Clothiers, and others, concerned in the Manufactures of Wool within the City and County of Exon, be referred to the Committee of Trade.

A Bill for making Orders and By-Laws, for well or- ' dering and governing of Common Fields, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That the same be read again the Second time, on Tuesday next.

A Bill-for confirming the remaining publick Acts was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, That the same be committed to the former Committee of publick Acts, that brought it in And all the Members of this House, that shall be present, are to have Votes at the said Committee: And the Committee is to have Power to make Sub-Committees, to consider of each particular Act thereby to be confirmed: And they are to meet in the Star-Chamber, on next, at

Two of the Clock; and to receive Petitions: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, That Serjeant Charleton, Mr. Prin, and Mr. Torke, or any one of them, do bring in a Bill against Plurality of Livings.

This Day Mr. Secretary Morrice delivered to Mr. Speaker a Letter from his Majesty: Which Mr. Speaker opened, and read; the Tenor whereof is as followeth:

Superscribed, " To Our Trusty and Well-beloved Sir Edward Tumer, Knight, Speaker of Our House of Commons: To be communicated to the House."

'T'Rusty and Well-beloved, We greet you well. At the Opening Our Parliament, you were told, that W had a great Desire this Summer tb make a Progress through feme Parts of Our Kingdom; which We resolve to begin, in DeVorion, to Our City of Worcester, that we may pour out Our Thanks to God for Our Deliverance there , and the Season of the Yeas quickens Us in that Inclination, as We prefilme it disposes you to a Desire to withdraw from this City, and £0 visit your Countries: But you may remember. We told you then, that We had caused feme Bills to be prepared for you, for Confirmation of what We enacttxl at Oui* last Meeting: And We laid all We could to you, of the Value We set upon the Act of Indemnity, as We have great Reaibn to do; and if We could have used stronger Expressions to have conjured you speedily to have dispatched it. We allure you We Would have done it. And We did think, what We said would have made an Impression in all, who profels a Desire to serve Us , and therefore We expected every Day, that the same Bill would have been presented to Us, for another Assent. We mull confess We hear, you have lliewed great Affection to Us, since your coming together; and that you have already prepared and passed feme very good Bills (for which We heartily thank you) that are ready for the Royal Assent: Yet We cannot but tell you, that though We are enough concerned to expedite those Bills, We have no Mind to pass them, till the Act of Indemnity be likewise presented to Us; upon which (if you take Our Word) moll of Our Quiet and Good depends; and in which. We are lure, OurHonour is concerned: Therefore We mull again, and as earnestly as is possible, conjure you, to ule all possible Expedition in the Palling that Act, in the same Terms We already passed it; to which We take Ourselves obliged; and that you will, for the present, lay aftde all private Bufi-nels, that so, betaking yourselves only to the Publick, you may be ready to adjourn by the Middle of the next Month, which will bell suit with all Our Occasions. And so, not doubting of your Readiness to comply with Us in these Our just and necessary Desires, We bid you heartily Farewell.

Given, at Our Court at Whitehall, the 21th Day of June 1661, in the Thirteenth Year of Our Reign.

Will. Morice.

Upon reading whereof, the Bill for confirming of publick Acts was immediately called for: And, upon lblemn Debate thereof,

Resolved, That the said Bill, for confirming of publick Acts, do pass: And

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty's Privy Council, do return the humble Thanks of this House to his Majesty, for his gracious Letter: And that they have Leave to acquaint his Majesty, that, upon the Reading of his Letter, the House have passed the Bill, for confirming the Act of Indemnity, and other publick Acts: And they are also to desire his Majesty's Leave for printing of his Letter.

Ordered, That no more private Bills be brought in, nor any new private Business be taken into Consideration, but such as is already depending; and That to be speeded; except a Bill for feme of the Inhabitants of the Town of Plymouth, which Mr. Samuel Trelawney hath Leave to bring in.

Ordered, That the Committee for Elections do fit in the Exchequer-Chamber; and the Committee for the King's Revenue, in the House.

5 Sir

Sir John Brampston reported fevcril Amendments to the Bill for well-governing of Corporations: Which He read, with the Coherence, in his Place , ind, afterwards, delivered in the same at the Clerk's Table: Which laid Amendments, with the Coherence In the Bill, wete afterwards read:

And the Fuft Amendment being aft Addition to the Preface of the Bill, the same was twice read:

Resolved, upon the Question, That this House doth agree to the said Amendment.

And, upon reading of the First Paragraph of the enacting Part j

Resolved, That this House doth agtee to the said Paragraph, reserving Liberty to insert the Names.

And the Second Paragraph being read *,

Resolved, That the Word " Three," in the Third Lihe thereof, be made " Five.'*

Which said Amendment being twice read j

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said Paragraph, with the said Amendment.

And upon reading of the Paragraph 4

Resolved, That after the Word w Places," insert the Words " within the respective Counties," instead of aforesaid within their Limits."

Which said Amendment being twice read;

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said Paragraph, with the said Amendment.

Ordered, That the Matter of the Debate touching the Bill for well-governing of Colorations, be adjourned till Tuesday Morning at Nine of the Clock, the first publick Bufinest: And the several Members of this House, of each County are, in the mean time, to consider and agree of Commissioners Names for their respective Counties; and do then present the same to this House.

And then the House adjourned till Seven a Clock on Tuesday Morning.

Martis, 250 Junii, 130 . Regis.

Prayers.

A Bill to enable Mr. Peck to fell Lands to pay his Debts, and make Provision for his Wife, being this Day read the Second time, was, upon the Question, committed to Sir Antbo. Irby, Sir Rob. Atkins, Sir Wm.

Doyley, Mr. Pepis, Sir Geo. R, Sir Lane. , Mr.

Smithy Mr. Hungerford, Mr. George, Sir Cha. Harbordy

Sir Courtney Poole, Colonel Leggy Sir Jo. Hollaudy Mr. Torke, Sir Jo. Chechester, Mr. , Doctor Rujb-

ton. Lord Cavendish, Sir Rich. Everardy Sir Wm. Tre-

denbam, Sir Tho. Stuckley, Mr. Lewis , Mr.

Goodrickey Mr. Wm. Sandity Mr. Finch, Sir Jo.

Mr. Lowther, Mr. Gawdy, Mr. Rigbyt Sir Hen. Her-

berty Colonel Gilby, Sir Hen. Newton, Mr, Clifford, Sir Edm. Pooley, Mr. Jeffery Palmer, Mr. Bonnet, Sir Solo. Swale, Sir Hump. Benhet, Sir Wm. Hickman, Mr. Law. Hide, Mr. Griffin, Sir Jo. Vaughan, Sir Edm. Seymore, Mr. Knight, Mr. Edm. Seymore, Mr. Carte, and all the Members that serve for Norfolke: And they are to meet in the Star-Chamber on this Day Sevennight, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to fend for Persons, Papers, Witnesses, and Records. And Sir Peter Ball, being concerned, in Point of Interest, for his Daughter, who is married to Mr. Peck's , is to have Notice in particular; that he may attend, and be heard before the Committee.

A Eill to confirm the Earl of s Act was this

Day read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read again the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That all the Four ingrafted Bills be read Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for providing necessary Carriages for his Majesty in his Royal Progress w2s this Day read the First time*

Ordered, Thai this Bill be read the Second tilde To* mbrrow Moming.

A Bill, against Tumults, feftt down from the Lords, being this* Day read the Second time, Was, upon the Qhe-ftion, committed to Mr. Comptroller, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Wm. Sandis, Mr. Ashbumbam, Sir Tho. Fanfhavo, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Solh. Swale, Mr. Churchill, Sir Hen. Newton, Lord Richardfan, Sir Wm.

Sir Wm. Hickman, Sir Giles Strangwayes, Sir Ben. loss, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Court. Poole, Sir Roger -Jbaigh, Sir Adrian Scroope, Sir Rich. Francklin, Lord Bruci, Sir Tho. Leigh, Mr. Law. Hyde, Sir Cha. -lord. Sir Hump. Bennett, Sir Phill. Warwick, Mr. Thtcr-land. Sir Antho. Irby, Mr. Lowther, Sir Rob. Mr*

Huffey, Sir Edm. Pierfe, Sir Ged. Reeve, Colonel Legg, Sit Bayn. Throgmorton, Sir Jo. Brampffon, Mr. Tulfe, Sir Jo. Dtencombe, Mr. Smith, Mr. Bennett, Sar Wm. Haywood, Lord Cavendish, Sir Maurice Berkley, Mr. Edward Sey-

more, Mr. Bulteele , Sir Allen Broderick, Mr. Pryn, Sir Tho. Fanfbaw junior* Colonel Windham, Sir Jo. Vaughan, Sir Hen. North, Sir Rob. Holt, Serjeant Keeling, Lord Falkland, Mr. Birch, Sir James Smith, Sir Wm. Lewes, Sir John Newton, Sir Rich. Edgecombe, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr.' Lewis Palmer, Sir Antbo. Cope, Mr. Herbert, Mr.

Mr. Chicheftey, Mr. Crouch, Serjeant Charleton, Sir Tho. Smith, Sir Rob. Atkins, Mr. Thomds, Sir Wm. Hartop, Mr. Swinfen, Sir Allan Apfley, Mr. Griffin, Mr. Wallis, Mr. Puckering, Mr. Den. AfSir Wm. Smith, Colonel Kyrkby, Mr. Rigby, Sir Rob. Howard, Colonel Shackerley, Mr. Geoffery Palmer, Mr. Header Roberts, Sir Tho. Clerke, Sir Edward Walpoole: And they are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Bill, touching Election of Members to serve in Parliament, was this Day read the Second time , and, upon the Question, committed to Mr. Pryn, Mr. Sandis, Mr. Ashburnham, Mr. Phil. Warwicke, Sir Allen Apfley, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Antbo. Irby, Sr Jo. Holland, Mr. Churchill, Sir Tho. Leigh, Sir Geo. Sandis, Sir Hen. North, Sir Rob. Brooke, Sir Hen. Newton, Lord Ri-ebardson, Sir Wm. Doyley, Sir Wm. Hickman, Mr. Jeffery Palmer, Mr. Comptroller, Sir Heneage Finch, Sir Geo. Carteret, Colonel Fretcbvill, Sir Tho. Fanfbaw, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Solo. Swale, Mr. Lowther, Sir Hugh Bethel!, Mr. Sam. Trelawney, Mr. Henry Mr. Swainton, Mr. Waller, Sir Rob. Atkins, Lord Offory, Mr. Huffey, Sir Edm. Peirce, Sir Geo. Reeve, Sir Jo. Strangwayes, Mr. Clifford, Sir Rich. MalevererMr. Torke, Mr. Hen. Coventry, Sir Jo. Duncombe, Mr. Fran. Finch, Mr. Bennett, Mr. Orme, Colonel Shakerly, Mr. Windham, Mr. Churchill, Sir Rich: Everard, Mr. Crooke, Sir Wm. Lewis, Mr. Milward, Sir Courtney Poole, Mr. Shaw, Mr. Cliffton, Sir Ben. Ayloff, Mr. Lewes Palmer, and all the Members of this House that shall be present to have Votes at the Committee: And they are to meet on Thursday next, in the Exchequer-Chamber, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to view the several Laws for confirming the Liturgy of the Church of England, and to make Search, whether the original Book of the Liturgy, annexed to the Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King Edward the Sixth, be yet extant , and to bring in a compendious Bill to supply any Defect in the former Laws and to provide for an effectual Conformity to the Liturgy of the Chyrch, for the Time to come.

And a Committee was accordingly appointed, of all the Members of this House, that are of the Long Robe: And the preparing the Bill was especially recommended to the Care of Mr. Serjeant Keeling.

Ordered, That it be referred to the same Committee, to look into the Act that takes away the High Commission Court*, and to report their Opinion,. how far the coercive Power of the Ecclesiastycai Courts are taken

»way

away \ and to prepare a Bill for settling the feme, if they fee Cause: And this Business is especially recommended to the Care of Mr. Serjeant Keeling.

Ordered, That the Lord Angler, a Member of this Hpufe, have the Leave of the House to go into Ireland.

S 4k

Ordered, That the Lord Falkland (being called away in his Majesty's Service) have the Leave of this House to go unto Funkirke.

Ordered, That the Debate, upon the Amendments to the Bill for the well-governing of Corporations, be adjourned; and taken into Confederation, the first publick Business, Tomorrow Morning.

The Paper of Amendments, to the Bill for regulating Corporations, being, after the Rising of the House, on Saturday last, found missing; and probably, by Mistake, token away from the Clerk's Table, by feme Member, amongst other Papers -,

.Ordered, TJiat the several Members do make Search into, their Papers; and such Member, as shall find the said Paper, do forthwith rellore the same to the Clerk of this House.

Ordered, That the Bill, enabling his Majesty to make Leases of Lands in, his Duchy of be read To-

morrow Morning.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Newton, alias Puckering, be added to the Committee of Privileges.

The House being this Day informed, that one Wm. I'aylor, being a menial Servant to Sir Robert one

of the Members of this House, was arrested at the Suit of; and, though he had his Master's Protection about him, and shewed (he same to the Bailiff, and the Bailiff shewed it to the Party, yet he refused to release him; in Breach of Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That the Party, at Whose.Suit he was arrested, and the Bailiff that did arrest him, be taken into Custody ! And the Serjeant at Arms, or his Deputy, is to apprer hend and bring them up in Custody, to answer the said Breach of Privilege.

And then the House resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in Debate of the Bill for or2: dering the Forces of this Kingdom: And t Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Heneage Finch',his Majesty's Sollicitor-General, took

the Chair: And, after some Debate thereupon,

Mr. Speaker again took the Chair: And Mr.: Sollicitor-General reported,* that the Committee had made some Progress therein *

- And then the House adjourned till Seven of the Clock,

‘ Tomorrow Morning.

- Mercurii, 26 0 yunit, 13° Car. Regis.

"Prayers.

ILfAtthias Piltzer, in order to his Naturalization, this *VX Day took the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, before the Speaker at the Clerk's Table.

-*'

This House being informed, that Sir Thomas menial Servant, having his Protection about him, was arrested at Rochester, for Debt; and kept Prisoner, not-

withstanding he shewed his feid Protection;

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker be desired to send to the Mayor of Rochester, to release the said Sir Thomas dey's Servant.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Highways Hands committed, be revived; and do fee in the Speaker's Chamber this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock: And that Colonel Freand Doctor Rush-ton, be added to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill, enabling Church-Wardens to raise Monies lor Repair of Churches, stands committed, be adjourned till Friday, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Bill for constituting the Parish of a distinct

Parish and Rectory from Wrotham was this Day read the First time.

A Bill for making the Parish of Pkxtoll a distinct Parish from Wrotham was also read the First time.

Resolved, That both the said Bills be read again the Second time, on Friday next.

Mr. Serjeant Charleton made Report, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of Scutbwarke, That the Sheriff gave Judgment, upon the View, at the First Drawing-out for Sir Thomas Bloodworth and Mr. Moore and that some.

Persons did. personate Alderman Lcngbam and Mr. Thompson, and, at the Second Draw'ing-out, divers of the Electors were gone; and Judgment given, upon the View, an Hour and an half before the Poll was demanded for Alderman Langham and Mr. j and the Opi-

nion of the Committee, That the Poll was too late demanded,) and that Sir Thomas Bloodworth and Mr. Moore were duly elected, and ought to fit.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the said Sir Thomas Bloodworth and Mr. Moor were duly elected Burgesses for the said Borough' of Scutbwarke, and ought to fit in this House.

Serjeant Chearleton further made Report from the said Committee, touching^the Election for the City of Westminster. That Sir Philip Warwick, and Sir rard, having much the greater Number, were declared Burgesses, upon the View, by the Bailiff of:

After Demand of the Poll,- on the Behalf of Sir Thomas Clerges, Sir Wm. Playters and Sir William fekl

appointed Five Clerks to take the Poll; and staid abovfe half an Hour to take it -, and none came to pursue it: And the Opinion of the Committee, That Sir Philip and Sir . . Everard, were duly elected Burgesses for the- feid City of Westminster, and ought to fit ifi this House.

Resolved,. That this House doth agree with the Committee, That the said Sir Philip Warwick and Sir Rich. Everard, are duly elected Burgesses for the said City of WeJhnijsfter, and ought to fit in this House.

Ordered, That the Business, touching those Persons that are reserved to Pains and Penalties by the Act of Indemnity, and those that are excepted out of the said Act, and those that are convicted, and condemned, in the Tower, for the horrid Murder of his late Majesty, be taken into Consideration on Friday Morning: And that a Bill be dren brought in; and the Evidence heard against them: And all such of the King's Council as are not Members of this House, are to have Notice, that they may attend this Service.

Mr. Vaughan made Report from the Committee of Grievances, upon the Complaint made from several Ports of this Kingdom, concerning certain Rates and Fees exacted by John Walter, Mr. James Halfall, and Mr. Edward Halfall, for Ballast, That the said Walter, appearing before the said Committee, and being required to produce the Patent, whereby they made Claim to the Matters in Question, did not produce the same; alledging the same was in Mr. Halfalls Study; who was now at Dunkyrke: But that the said Mr. Walter had a Book, wherein there was a Copy entered of the Patent, and of 4 ' all

< -

13 Car. 33. Journals of the House of Commons. 281

all the Proceedings thereupon; and that he had examined That Copy in his Book with the Original: Whereupon he did bring in his Book: And that', upon View of the Copy of the Patent therein, it appears to the Committee, that there were two special Provisions made, the better to prevent any evil Use thereof: Which manilefted the special Care of the King's Counsel: And that it appeared to the Committee

And the Opinion of the Committee, That the Thanks of this House be given to his Highness the Duke of , for his great Care in calling ir\ the Lease of the Ballast, so soon as he had Knowledge it was made use of to oppress the People:

That the Halfalls were not the Actors or Contrivers; but that Walter was the Project or and prime Agent therein.

That it appeared, by his Confession, that some Monies were received: And that therefore the Committee desired the House would take Order, that Restitution might be made thereof; and that this was so great a Grievance, that the Committee thought it worthy of this House to put 3l Mark of their Displeasure upon it.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the Thanks of this House be given to his Highness the Duke of Torke, for his great Care in calling in the Lease of the Ballast, so soon as he had Knowledge it was made use of to oppress the People:

That Mr. John Walter, being the Person that principally acted therein, and the Deputies, Agents, and Officers, employed to receive the said Rates and Fees, dd restore the same to the several Persons, of whom they did receive them:

That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do apprehend the said Walter, and bring him before Mr. Speaker, to give such Security as, Mr. Speaker shall think fit, for his Appearance When it shall be required by this House; or, in Default thereof^ to remain in the Serjeant's Custody:

That an Impeachment be drawn up against him, for his said Exactions and Offences: And Sir Robert Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Pryn, and Mr. Torke-, are desired to draw up, and prepare the fame.

The Bill for providing necessary Carriage for his Majesty, in his Royal Progress, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, That the same be committed to Mr. Comptroller, Sir John Strangwayes, Mr. Mountague, Sir Tho. Fanshaw, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Hen. Coventry, Mr.

Waldron, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Edm. Windham, Mr.

Churchill, Mr. Tent, Mr. Jo. Ashbumham, Mr. Lewis

' Palmer, Mr. Clifford, Sir Allen Apjley, Mr. Strickland, Mr. Coriton, Mr. Pepis, Mr. Swiffen, Mr. Wm. Sandis, Mr. Steward, Mr. Sollicitdr-General, Sir Phil. Warwick, Mr. Vice-Chamberlain, Mr. Knight, Mr. Geo. Mountague, Mr. Pryn, Sir Solo. Swale, Sir Jo. Tallot. Sir Rob. Brooke, Mr. Daniell, Mr. Crouch, Sir Wm. Compton, Sit Tho. Allen, Mr. Denny Ashburnham, Sir Jo. Duncombe, Sir Rob. Howard, Mr. Palmer,

Sir Jo. Hotham, Sir Tho. Ingram, Sir Edm. Perffe, Mr. Hender Roberts, Sir Jo. Barrington, Lord Buckburjl, Sit Tho. Fanjhawjun. Seij. Charlton, Sir Charles Harbord,

Sir Edw.Walpoole, Mr; Secretary Morice, Mr. Tho. Co-

ventry, Mr. Fane, Sir Rob. Atkins, Serjeant Keeling, Sir Allen Brcdricke$ Mr. Swanton, Mr; Hyde, Mr. Seymore,

Sir Rowland Berkley, Mr. Stafford, Mr. Bennet, Sir Robert Thorold Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Goodrich, Lord Corne-

bury. Lord Bruce, Colonel Legg, Mr. Waller, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Wm. Lewes, Mr. Wren, Mr. Stanley, Sir Jo. Goodrich, Sir Ralph Banks, Sir Edmund Sir

Baynbam Throgmorton: And they are to meet this Afternoon in the Speaker's Chamber, at Two of the Clock: And it is recommended to the Committee, to take care, that his Majesty's Retinue, and Servants, that they be not exacted upon, for Provisions, Lodgings, and other Accommodations. And the Officers of the Green-Cloth are to be heard before the said Committee.

And then this House resumed the Debate, upon the Bill For well-governing of Corporations; and, having made a good Progress therein, adjourned the Debate thereof, until Tomorrow Morning at Nine of the Clock.

This House being informed, that one Jacob Bcnnell had made a Lease of several Lands belonging to Sir Courtney Poole, one of the Members of this House, to one John Garret; who thereupon entered upon the Land, and brought several Actions of Ejectment against the Tenants of the said Sir Con "theyPoole, whereby to eject from him the Possession of the Premises; in Breach of Privilege of this House; while he was attending the Service thereof;

Ordered, That the said Jacob Bonnell, for such. hii Breach of Privilege, be taken into Custody: And that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, or his Deputy, do apprehend and bring him up in Custody, to answer the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Morgan, one of the Members of this House, have Leave to go into the Country.

And then the House adjourned till Seven a Cldck Tomorrow Morning.

yovis, 2 70 J unity 13° Car. Regis.

Prayers.

A Bill for the Naturalization of Mrs. Anne Ferres', and several other Persons, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, That the same be committed to Mr. Torke, Sir Antho. Irby, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Clifford, Mr. Huffey, Mr. Bennett, Mr. Whorwood, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. cowcn, Mr. Clifton, Mr. Crouc, Sir Tho. Ingram, Sir Mat. Appleyard, Sir Jo. Holland, Mr. Pleadwell, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Goodrich, Sir Solo. Swale, Mr. Covert, Sir Hugh Windham, Sir Hum. Bennet, Mr. Swanton, Mr. Pepis, Sir Tho. Allen, Mr. Bunckley, Mr. Wm. Sandis, Sir Tho. Leigh, Sir Wm. Lewis, Mr. Sandys, Sir Ben. Ayloff, Mr. Slanhop, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Isaac Floyd: And they are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber, Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And they are to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and to admit Counsel; and to examine such as shall make Addresses to them.

A Bill for the better ordering, &c. of divers Fens, and fenny Grounds within the County of Lincolne,' and within the County of the City of Lincolne, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the same be committed to Sir Antbo. Irby, Mr. Bifcowen, Sir Hickman, Mr. Marvill, Sir JStrangwayes, Sir Hum. Winch, Sir Courtney Poole, Lord Brereton, S\r Jo. -flon, Sir Jo. Holland, Sir WmLewys, Sir Rich. rard, Mr. Crouch, Sir Chichester Wray, Sir Edjard Moseley, Lord Richardson, Sir Hen. Newton, Mr

Mr. Pepis, Sir Edm. Pooley, Sir Smith, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Jo. Goodrich, Sir Rich. Ingo'djby, Mr. Wm. Mountague, Sir Jo. Covet, Sir Rob. Atkins, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Corey, Mr. Swanton, Mr. Attorney of the Duchy, Lord Newburge, Mr. Buukley, Mr. Stanhop, Mr. Clifton, Sir Ben, Ayloff-, Mr. Clifford, Sir Solo.

Sit-a'e. Sir Jo. Rowfe, Mr. Tho. Carew, Mr. Geo.

tague, Sir Edm. Peirce, Mr. Broome Whorwood, Mr. Puckering, Mr. Bennet, Colonel Mr. Wm. Sandys, Colonel Windham, Sir , Mr. Hcnder

R b:rls, Sir Jo. Duncombe, Mr. Pryn, Mr, junior, Mr. Whitley, Sir George SandyMr. Jo. Newton,

Mr Street, Mr. Hungerford, and all the Members of this

House, that serve for the County of Lincolne: And they are to meet in the Star-Chamber, on next at Two

of the Clock: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

4 B A BUI

A Bill to enable the Trustees of Mr. Henry Nevill to fell Lands, to pay his and his Son's Debts, was this Day read the Second time; and, upon the Question, was committed to Sir Geo. Saudis, Lord , Mr.

vanian, Sir IPm. Doyley, Mr. Attorney of the Duchy,

Sir George Reevs, Mr. RowfeMr. Good rick. Sir Hen.

i.ee, Sir Edw. Moseley, Mr. , Sir Rob. Atkins, Sir

IVm. Lewis, Sir Courtney Poole, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir

Gervas Cliff Ion, Mr. Strangwayes, Sir Rich. Braham, Sir 'Jo. Bram/flon, Sir Edm. Pooley, Lord Brereton, Mr. Low! her, - ir Jo. St rang wayes. Colonel Gilby, Sir Tho.

Smith, Sir Ben. Ayloff, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Tho. Leigh, Mr. IVm. Sandis, Sir Rich. Onslow, Sir Bainbam Throgmorton, Sir U m. Smith, Sir Jo. Holland, Mr. Clifford, Mr. Fane, Sir Patricius Curvoen, Mr. Fork, and all the Members of this House that serve for Leictflcrshire, Yorkshire, and Essex: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock, in the Star-Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir John Brampflon reports several Amendments to the Bill, for settling several Lands, late of Sir Edward Knight, upon Sir Ralph Bash Knight of the Bath, Heir of the said Sir Edward, and his Heirs: Which said Amendments being severally twice read;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the said Committee, in the said several Amendments: And

Resolved further, upon the Question, That the said Bill, with the said Amendments, be ingrossed.

And a Proviso, brought in to be added to the said Bill, for Peterhouse College in Cambrread:

Resolved, That the same be laid aside.

A Bill, for uniting the Parlbnages of and St. Mary IVitton, in Droytwitcb in the County of Worcester, being ingrossed, was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, That the said Bill should pass.

And the Question being put, Whether the Title of the said Bill should be, An Act for uniting the Parsonages of St. Andrew's, and St. Mary in Droytwieb in the County of Worcester;

The same passed in the Affirmative, that this should -be the Title of the said Bill.

A Bill for the Confirmation of the Charter and Privileges of the Master, Wardens, and Commonalty of Weavers, Fullers, and Clothiers, in the City of eefler, being ingrossed, was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, That the said Bill should pass.

And the Question being put. Whether the Title of the said Bill should be. An Act for Confirmation of the Charter and Privileges of the Master, Wardens, and Commonalty of Weavers, Fullers, and Clothiers, in the City of Worcester,

The same passed in the Affirmative, that this should be the Title of the said Bill.

A Bill for reviving a Settlement of certain Lands on John Orlibeare for Life, the Remainder to the Sons of the said John successiv ely, and the Heirs Males of their Bodies, &c. being ingrossed, was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, That the said Bill should pals.

And the Question being put, whether the Title of the said Bill should be, An Act for a Reviving a Settlement of certain Lands of John Orlibeare, for Life, the Remainder to the Sons of the said John, successively, and the Heirs Males of their Bodies;

The same passed in the Affirmative, that this should he the Title of the said Bill.

A Bill for ascertaining and establishing the Fees of the Mailers of the Chancery in Ordinary, being ingrossed, was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, That the said Bill should pass.

And the Question being put. Whether the Tide of the said Bill should be. An Act for ascertaining and establishing the Fees of the Mailers of the Chancery in Ordinary;

The same passed in the Affirmative, that this should be the Tide of the said Bill.

The Bailiff of Chippenham, being apprehended, and brought in, according to an Order of the Twentieth of June Instant, for his Miscarriages, in not giving due Notice for the Election at Chippenham in the County of Wilts; and denying the Poll; and for his inlolent Carriage before the Committee of Privileges and Elections; was this Day brought to the Bar of this House; and, upon his Knees, humbly acknowledged his laid Miscarriages; and begged the Pardon of this House.

Whereupon Mr. Speaker gave him a grave Repre-hension: And

Resolved, upon the Question, That this House doth accept of the said Bailiff's humble Submission: And

Ordered, That he be discharged of his Imprisonment, paying his Fees.

Ordered, That the Commiflkrers for the Revenue do make their Report unto this House on Monday next.

And then the House proceeded upon the Bill for well-governing of Corporations.

And a Proviso, brought in by Mr. Churchill, one of the Members of this House, was read.

Ordered, That the same be laid aside.

And another Proviso, being tendered, by Mr. Pryn another Member of this House;

The Question was put. That the same should be read:

And

Resolved, in the Negative.

And the Remainder of the Paragraph in the Amendments, which were formerly in Debate, and all the other Amendments reported, being twice read;

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the rest of the said Paragraph, and to all the other Amendments.

And the Question, as to the last Proviso in the said Bill,

That the said Act should not extend to the City oi London," being put. That the said Proviso should stand;

It was resolved in the Negative.

And another Proviso being brought in, by Mr. tague, one of the Members of this House, to be added to the said Bill, for the Security of the Commissioners, who were to execute the Power therein j

The same was twice read: And

Resolved, upon the Question, That the Word " treble" should be inserted in the Blank in the said Proviso:

Which was done accordingly: And that the said Proviso, so amended, be added, and made Part of the said BUI.

Ordered, That no Member give in any Names, to be Commissioners for the Execution of the Powers in the said Bill, but such as he shall subscribe unto.

Ordered, That the further Debate of this Bill be resumed on Monday Morning next.

This House being informed, that Mr. James Phillips, one of the Members of this House, did lit in the pretended High Court of Justice, at the sentencing to Death of Colonel John Gerrard;

One Colonel Hugh Butler, being called in; did testify the fame, at the Bar.

And the Evidence being, by Order of the House, reduced into Writing; he did, at the Bar, sign the same: Which followeth in these Words:

/'Olonel Hugh Butler, of Scovington in Pembrookshire, faith, That, upon the Day that Colonel John Gerrard was sentenced to Death, by the pretended High Court of Justice, which was about the Year 1654, he saw James Phillips, now a Member of this House, fitting covered upon the Bench in the said pretended Pligh Court of Justice, amongst other the pretended Judges, in West-minster-Hall, at the same time that Life, the pretended

President

President of the said pretended Courts gave Sentence of Death upon the said Colonel and that he saw

him fitting the re one Day before.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the Examination of the Matters charged upon Mr. James , one of

the Members of this House, for fitting, and sentencing to Death Colonel John Gerrard', in the pretended High Court of Justice, be committed to Sir Hugh Mr. Churchill, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir , Mr.

Shaw, Sir Tho. Fanshaw, Mr. Sir Geo. Ryve, Sir Tho. Woodcock, Lord Ancram, Sir jo. Mr.

Whorwood, Mr. Stanley, Mr. , Mr. Attorney of

the Duchy, Sir Edm. Pooleyt, Serjeant , Mr.

Strickland, Sir Edm. Bowyer, Mr. , Mr. Low-

fl&er, Colonel Fretchvill, Mr. Pryn, Sir A/cL

.Sir Windham, Sir Jo. Cow/, Mr. , Sir Ao£. Atkins, Sir /Pa*. Tirringham: And they are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber, at Two of the Clock this Afternoon: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And to consider whether any other Members of this House be guilty of the like Offence.

Resolved, That the said Mr. James Phillips be suspended from fitting in this House, until the said Committee have made their Report, and this House hath given their Judgment thereupon.

And Mr. Arthur Owen, one of the Members of this House, undertaking for the Appearance of the said Mr. James Phillips as this House shall order; This House accepted of the Undertaking of the said Mr. Owen therein.

Ordered, That Mr. How, Mr. , Mr. and Sir Richard Everard, be added to the Marquess of

Winchester's Committee.

Ordered, That the Committee for his Majesty's Revenue do fit in this House this Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Earl of s Bill be read

the First, Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Chambers his Bill be read the Second, Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Seven a Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Veneris, 2 8° Juniiy 1 30 Car. Regis, Prayers.

TJEter Van Overfcheld and Abraham Stocke, in order to their Naturalization, did this Day take the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, before Mr. Speaker, at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Morganone of the Members of

this House, have Leave to go into the Country.

Ordered, That Mr. Bennet, Mr. Wren, Sir John

Mr. Stanhop, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Rigby, Sir John

ney, Mr. Pepis, Mr. Crouch, and Mr. Swinfen, be added to the several Committees, to whom Sir John Bill, and the Bill for the Lincolnshire Fens, do stand committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Fowell, one of the Members of this House, have Leave to go into the Country.

A Petition of Sir Henry H, Sir William Killegrew, and others. Undertakers for certain Fens in,

was this Day read.

Ordered, That this Petition be referred to the Committee for the Fens in Lincolnshire , and that the Persons following be added to the said Committee; vit. Mr. Churchill, Sir Courtney Pode, Mr. Jay, Sir William Hick-

285

man. Sir Edward Moseley, Sir Thomas Sir

Bainbam Throgmorton, Mr. Long, Sir John Covert, Sir , Lord Newburg, Sir William Lewis, Sir Robert Bolles.

Ordered, That the Committee For his Majesty's Revenue, and their Sub-Committees, do fit de die in diem, until they shall have perfected what is committed to them, to report to the House.

A Bill for Confirmation and Explanation of an Act, for settling feme of the Manors and Lands of the Earl of Cleveland in Trustees, to be sold for the satisfying of the Debts of the Earl, and the Lord Wentworth his Son, was this Day read the Second time.

A Proviso, for charging 6000 /. on the Estate of the said Earl, on the Behalf of the Lady Poole, and others, was this Day twice read: And it was, upon the Question, Resolved, That the said Proviso be added unto, and made Part of the said Bill.

Another Proviso, on the Behalf of George Esquire, a Member of this House, being twice read;

Resolved, That this Proviso be also added unto, and made Part of the BilL

Resolved, That the said Bill, with the Proviso's, so added, be committed to Mr. Geo. Mountague, SxxTbo. Fanshaw, Sir Tho.Leigh, Sir Rob.Atkins, Sir Mr. Heath, Mr. Pepis, Sir R'ch.OnfowMr. Smith, Colonel Gilby, Mr. Clifford, Mr. Hungerford. Sir Courtney Poole,

Mr. Fane, Sir Rich. Malcverer, Sir Geo. Fletcher, Sir Allen Apfey, Sir Edm. Bowyer, Doctor Mr.

Coriton, Sir Rich. Ford, Mr. Knight, Sir Lewys, Sir Edm. Peirce, Mr. Swinfen, Mr. Edw. Seymor, Sir Solo. Swale, Lord Newburge, Lord Sir Antho. Irby,

Lord Bruce, Mr. Goodrich, Sir John Covert, Sir Cha. Cornwallis, Sir Geo. Reeve, Mr. Wm. Sandis, Mr. Clifton, Lord Herbert, Sir Edm. Pooley, Mr. Morton, Colonel Sandis, Sir Adrian Scrape, Mr. Marvill, Mr. Wm. Mountague, Sir Rich. Braham, Sir Allen Brodrick, Sir Wm. Courlop, Sir Tho. Dyke, Colonel Fretchvill, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Morice, Mr. Header Roberts, Sir Wm. Smith, Mr. Peckham, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Mallet, Mr. Herle, Mr. Trelawney, Mr. Hen. Williams, and all the Members of Middlesex and And they are to meet this Afternoon in the Speaker's Chamber, at Two of the Clock: And the Petition of Mr. Gettings, and others, is referred to the said Committee: With Power to receive any other Petitions of like Nature , and to fend for Persons, Papers, Witnesses, and Records.

Ordered, That the Business, touching the Regicides, and Persons exempted absolutely, or as to Pains and Penalties, be adjourned till Monday Morning next: Whereof the King's Counsel are to have Notice.

A Bill to enable Henry Cj, William Wharton, and John Clay, to levy Two thousand Six hundred and Ninety Pounds out of the Estate of Mr. John Hutchinson, was this Day read the Second tinlfe.

Resolved, upon the Question, That this Bill be committed to Mr. Geo. Mountague, Sir Allen Brodrick, Serjeant Charltton, Sir Allen Apjley, Sir Jo. Hollands Mr.

Hen.Coventry, Lord Cajlleton, Mr. Fane, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Churchill, Mr. Clifford, Sir Courtney Poole, Lord Bruce, Sir Rich. Onslow, Sir Wm. Lewis, Sir Wm. than, Mr. Stafford, Mr. Heath, Sir Jo. Hotbarti, Sir Edm. Peirce, Sir Tho. Leigh, Sir Hugh Bethell, Sir Jo. Talbot, Mr Swinfen, Mr. Harbord, Sir Geo. Reevei Mr. Hunger-

ford, Sir Tho. Meres, Colonel Gilby, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Coriton, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Scot, Sir Jo. Dawney, Doctor Burwell, Sir Tho. Strickland, Mr. Mr

Mr. Strangwayes, Lord Herbert, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Bunck-

ley. Sir Rich. Temple, Mr. Torke, Mr Sir Hen,

North, Sir Rob. Holt, Mr. Strdngwayes, Colonel Kirkby, Mr. Birch, Mr. Clifton, Sir Char. Cornewallis, Colonel Sandys, Sir Solo. Swale, Sir Jordan Crofand, Mr. Knight, Sir Wm. Hickman, Sir Rich. Mr. Rigby, Mr.

l Jo,

Jo. Newton, Mr. Clerk, Mr. Hen. Serjeant

Keeling, Mr. Mallet, Mr. Joy, Mr. Talbot, Mr

ney, Sir Tho. Woodcock, Sir Ingram, Mr. Stanhope,

Mr. Coventry, Mr. Strickland, S\r Jo. and all

the Members of 'this House that serve for the County of Nottingham And they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer-Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill to enable a Sale of Lands to pay-Debts, and td 'provide for the Children of Richard Kipps, a Lunatick, was this Daiy read the Second time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the same be committed to Sir Geo. Reeve, Sir Hen. North, Gawdy, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Edw. Seymor, Rowfe, Sir Antho. Irby, Mr. Fane, Mr. Chet wind. Sir Tho.Leigh, Colonel Egerton, Mr. Crouch, Sir Bainbam Throgmorton, Mr. Knight, Mr. Jay, Mr. Coriton, Sir Edw. Ford, Mr. Attorney of the Duchy, Mr. Torke, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. King, Sir Sol. Swale, Mr. Clifton, Lord Br Sir Edm. Peirce, Mr.

Pepis, Mr. IVm. Sandys, Sir Jo. Duncomb, Sir

Pooley, Sir Cha. Cornwallis, SirJo.Dawney, Mr. Morice,

SirjohnStrangewayes, Mr. Lord Bruce, Sir Jo.

Carew, and all the Members of this fioufe who serve for the several Counties of Suffolk and Norfolk: And they are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to fend for Persons, Pa-|>?rs, and Records.

A Bill to restore Thomas Radcliff Esquire fd the Possession of his Estate in England and , was this Day

read the Second time: And it was

Resolved, upon the Question, That this Bill be committed to Mr. Fane, Serjeant Charleton, Mr. Goodrich, Sir Jo. Covert, Mr. Torke, Sir Geo. Courtop, Mr. Churchill, Sir Rich. Uoyd, Sir Jo. Goodrich, Mr. Clifton, Sir Allen Apfiey, Sir Solo. Swale, Mr. Chetwind, Mr. Hump.

Mr. Ashburnham, Mr. Heath, Mr. Mr.

Colonel Sandys, Mr Morton, Sir Mr

Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Hen. Mr. Milward, Sir

Carew, Mr. Strangwayes, Doctor Burwell, Mr. Bifcowen, aid all the Members of this House that serve for the County of Yorke: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer-Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, Witnesses, and RecordSi

Lord Bruce reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Naturalization of Renee deSabran was committed, several Amendments to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place , and then delivered in the said Bill at the Clerk's Table: Which said Amend- ments being severally twice read;

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said Amendments.

But this House then taking the said Bill into further Debate;

Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Bill be recommitted, upon the Matter Of the present Debate, to the former Committee: And they are to meet, in the Place, formerly appointed, on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Bills for Holland, and Kingston upon Hull, be read the First Tomorrow Morning.

And the House then dissolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in further Debate of the Bill for ordering the Forces of this Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Sollicitor-General took the Chair: And after some Debate upon the said Bill,

Mr. Speaker again took the Chair: And

Mr. Sollicitor-General made Report, That the Committee hath made a further Progress in the said Bill.

And the House then adjourned the further Debate of the said Bill till the next Day of Section of this House > and then ordered, that the same should be resumed.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Justinian and Sir Win.Glasscock, Two of the Mailers of the Chan-

eery;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill for the making navigable the Rivers of Stower and Sal-werpe, and the Rivulets and Brooks running into the fame, in the Counties of Worcejl and Stafford: Where-tinto they desire the Convenance of this House.

And then the House adjourned till Seven a Clock, Tomorrow Morning.

Sabbati, 29* Junii, 130 Car. Regis.

P R A Y E R Si

/~\Rdeted, That the Persons, hereunder named, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for the Fens iii Lincolneshire is committed; Mr. Rigby, Sir Ralph , Mr. Stafford, Mr. Edw. Phillips, Sir Fran. Clerke, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Rich. Everard, Mr. Pepis, Mr. Coriton, Mr;

Thompson, Mr. Clifton, Sir Jo.Brampston, Mr. Strickland, Mr. Bennet, Mr. Bullen Reimes, Sir Jo. Hotbam, Mr. Peckham, Sir Maurice Berkley, Mr. Colonel

Shackerley, Colonel Gilby, Mr. Edm. Windham, Mr. Thur-land. Sir Tho. Peyton, Mr Law.Hyde, Mr. Ashburnham, Mr. Bulkley, Mr. Goodrich, Mr. Vaughan

Mr. Goodrich reported several Amendments, from the Committee to whom the Bill for confirming a Sale, made by Sir Thomas Prestwich, and others, of the Manor of Holme, and certain Lands in the Parish of Manchester in the County of Lancaster, unto Sir Edward Moseley Ba-

ronet, was committed: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered in the Bill at the Clerk's Table: Which said Amendments being severally; twice read;

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said Amendments , and that the Bill, so amended, be in-grolfedi

Ordered, That the Committee for Trade do fit on Monday next: And

Ordered, That the Bill for Bonelace be referred to the said Committee: And it is especially recommended to That Committee, to give it a speedy Dispatch.

Ordered, That the Keeper of the Rooms belonging to the Star-Chamber do fit the several RoOms belonging to the Star-Chamber, for the several Committees that are appointed there to fit.

That the Committee to whom the Bill for Naturalization of Anne Ferrers, and others, is committed, be revived: And that the Persons hereafter-named be added to the said Committee;

Sir Edm. Pooley, Lord Brereton, Dcxftor Birkenhead, Mr. Gilby, Mr. Jonathan Trela, Sir Peter Kdlegrew, Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. Edw. Seymour, Sir Six Cha. Corr.walis, Mr Morice, Mr. Finch, Mr. Lowther, Colonel Kyrkby, Ford Mr. Sir

Bainh. ‘Lhrogmortoj, Mr. Mort, Mr. Strargwayes, Sir

Jo. Duncombe, Sir Solo. Swale, Sir Rich. Everard.

A Bill for dividing Trinity Church in Kingston upon Hull, from Haste, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, That the same be committed to Mr.

Sir Solo. Swale, Sir Matth. Appleyard, Sir Sir

Antho. Irby, Colonel Gilby, Mr. Chur chilly Doblor King, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Chijford, Mr. , Mr. Scudamore,

Sir Rob. Atkins, Mr. Mtifgrave, Mr. Bennit, Mr. Font, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Lowther, Sir Jo. , Hetbem, Sir Jo.

5 Goodrich,

Goodrich, Sir Cha. Ccrnewallis, Mr. Pepis, Sir Rich. Onslow, Sir John Covett, Mr. Prin, Mr. Clifford,

Mr. Knight, Mr. Hender Roberts, Mr. Berkenbcad, Sir Hugh Betbell, Sir Tho. Peyton, Mr. Huffey, Mr. Attorney

of the Duchy, and all the Members of this House that serve for Yorkeshire and Lincolnshire: And they are to

meet in the Star-Chamber, at Two of the Clock on Monday next in the Afternoon: And they are to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all Persons concerned are to have Noticcv

A Petition from the Hundreds of Dudfoii and Barton was this Day read.

A Bd! for re-uniting the said Two Hundreds of Budson and King's-Barton, to the County of; and to

fever them from the County of the City of Gloucester; was this Day read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time on Tuesday next.

Mr. Goodrich makes Report, from the Committee, to whom the Marquis of Winchester Bill was committed, several Amendments, and a Proviso to be added to the End of the said Bill: Which Amendments being severally twice read; and also the Proviso, with this Amendment, after the Word " lent," insert, " or any other just and valuable Consideration and being, upon the Question, agreed to;

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, and the Proviso* with the Amendment agreed to, be ingrafted.

An Act for preventing the Mischiels and Dangers that may arise by certain Persons called Quakers, and other Schismaticks, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, That the same be committed to Mr. Pryn, Sir Ralph Rston, Sir Hump. Winch, Sir Jo.

Mr. Dennis, Sir Edm. Peirfe, Mr. Mr.

Sir Hen. Newton, Sir Antbo. Sir Rich. Ford, Mr. Kirby, Colonel Windham, Mr. Mr. Tent, Mr.

Robinson, Sir Solo. Swale, Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir Hugh Windham, Mr. Huffey, Mr. Hen Mr. Birkenhead, Mr. Chet wind, Mr. Manwaring, Mr. Clifton, Sir Goodrich, Mr. Milward, Sir Edm Poole, Mr Mr. Lowther, Sir Jo. Buncombe, Colonel Shackerley, Sir Jo. Covert, Mr. Puckering, Mr. Jo. Newton, Mr. Fane, JLord Ancram, Sir Hugh WinMr. Wharton, Mr. Shaw, Mr. Edw. Seymor, Sir Rob. Holt, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Corey, Sir Jo. Harrison, Mr. Roberts, Mr.

Sir y ho.Leigh, Lord St.John, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Daw-

son. Sir Jo.How, Mr. Attorney of the Duchy, Mr. Law. Hyde, Mr. Biggens, Sir Cha. Cornwallis, Mr. Bunkley, Sir Hen. North, Mr. Bennet, Mr. Earnley, Sir Tho.Peyton, Sir . Wm. Lewes, Sir Tl>o. Fanjhazv, Sir Ja. Smith, Mr. Griffin, Mr. Clerke, Sir Mat. Apleyard, Lord Angler, Colonel Bethell, Sir Jo. Brampfion, Sir Chichester Wray, Sir

Geo. Ryve-, Mr. Jorke, Mr. Si aw. Sir Hen. Herbert, Sir jo. Holland, Sir Ben. Ayloff, Mr. Edw. S ymor, Sir Allan Arfiey, Sir Hen. Felton, Sir Tho. Smith, Sir Wm. Doylcy,

Sir Fran. Clerke: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the Exchequer: And all the Members that come, are to have Votes.

A Bill against Vagrants, and wandering, idle, dissolute Persons, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, That the same be committed to the same Committee, to whom the Bill to prevent the Mischiefs and Dangers that may arise by Quakers, and other Schismaticks, is committed: And they are to meet at the same Time and Place: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Bill against Perjury be read Upon Monday next. '

Serjeant Charleton made Report from the Committee of privileges, and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of Stockbridge in the County of South.....: Concerning which, the Question was, whether die Bailiff

had well adjourned thy Election , and the Opinion of the Committee, That the Bailiff had well adjourned the same; and that Sir Robert Howard and Colonel Phillips were well defied.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That the said Election was well adjourned; and the said Sir Robert Howard and Colonel Phillips were duly elected, and ought to fit in this House, as Burgesses for the said Borough of Stockbridge.

A Bill fob the Copyholders of the Honour of Clithero in the County of Lancaster was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That the same be read again the Second time on Wednesday next.

A Bill for Confirmation of the Estates of several Tenants and Copyholders of tire Manor of Rannes, &c. was this Day read the First time.

Ordered, That the same be read again the Second time on Wednesday next.

Ordered, That the Warden of the Prison of the Fleete do bring the Lord Mounson, who is now a Prisoner, in his Custody, to the Bar of this House on Monday Morning next, by Nine of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House shall, on Monday next, bring to the Bar of this House Sir Henry Mildmay and Robert , Esquire,

Two of his late Majesty's pretended Judges, and nowin the Custody of the said Serjeant at Arms; who, by the Act of Indemnity, are, amongst others, reserved to Pains and Penalties: And that, the said Serjeant at Arms, or his Deputy, do forthwith apprehend, and bring in safe Custody, Sir James Harrington, one other of his late Majesty's pretended Judges, to the Bar of this House, on Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Bill for the Common-Fields be read on Tuesday next.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Lewyn.

Sir Toby Woolrich

Mr. Speaker, The Lords fend you, by us, two Bills; the one intituled, An Act for draining of the Level of the Fens, in the County of Lincolne, extending itself from the River of Gleane and Bourne, to Kine Ea, as well within the Parts of Keftiven, as Holland (the Eight-hundred Fen excepted); and from the said Kine Ea, to the City of Lincolne, and thence Westward to the Banks of Trent, commonly called Lindsey Level j

The other. An Act to enable John Lord Abergevenny, Son and Fleir to Henry late Lord Abergevenny, to fell certain Lands, for Payment of his Debts, and Preferment of his Brother and Sifters: To both which, their Lordships desire the Concurrence of this House.

Ordered, That the several Members of this House bring in the Names of the Commissioners to be inserted in the Bill for regulating Corporations, on Monday Morrting next: Which are to be taken into Consideration in the First Place.

A Bill for the Uniformity of publick Prayers, and Administration of Sacraments, was this Day read the First time.

Ordered, That the same be read again the Second time on Wednesday next, the First publick Bill.

A Bill against Pluralities of Livings was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That the same be read again the Second titne on Wednesday next.

A Bill for Allowance to Curates waj this Day read th<; First time.

4 C,

(Topyolp

Resolved, That the same be read again the Second time on Wednesday next.

A Bill for taking away Fines upon Originals, and Da-mage-clere, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That the same be read again the Second time on Wednesday next.

A Bill for bringing in the Revenue, pretended to be settled in Trustees, for Maintenance of Ministers, and other pious Uses, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That the same be read again the Second time on Wednesday next.

A Bill for vesting in the King all such Monies, &c. levied and taken in these late Times, and not pardoned, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That the same be read again the Second time on Wednesday next.

A Bill for Explanation of a Clause, concerning Commissioners for Causes Ecclesiastical, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That the same be read again the Second time on Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Persons hereafter named be added to the Bill to whom Sir John Bill is committed;

Mr. Bunkley, Doctor Berkenhead

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, at

Seven of the Clock.

LuneBy i° Juliiy 130 Regis.

Prayers.

THAT the Committee for Privileges and Elections do fit on Friday next, to hear the Matter of the Election for the County of N,

This House being informed of a Quarrel, arisen between Mr. Edward Seymour and Mr. Jonathan Trelawney; Notice whereof, Mr. Speaker had fenc to them to keep their Lodgings;

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker be desired to fend for them, and to endeavour a Reconciliation between them.

Divers of the Members of this House this Day delivered in Lists of the Persons named, to be infer ted, as Commissioners, in the Bill for well-governing of Corporation, within the several Counties and Places following , Chester, Essex, Hereford, LancCambridge,

Leicester, Nottingham, Cumberland, Berwick, Berks, Som-' tnerfett, Bedford, Warwick, Cornwall, Glocester, Hertford, Devon, Middlesex, Mimmouth, Derby, Oxford

City, Northumberland, Salop, Dorsett, Stafford: Which said Commissioners Names being severally twice read, this House agreed thereunto , and ordered the same should be inserted into the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Members serving for the several Counties of Somersett and Glocester, and Mr. Knight, one of the Citizen serving for Briftoll, do confer and agree together upon Commissioners Names for the said City of Briftoll.

And then this House proceeded to bear the Evidence ‘ against Peregrine Pelham, Sir William Constable, Humphry Edwards, Richard Dean, S\r John Danvers, alias Altered, John Moore, Anthony Stapeley, John Fry,

Francis Aleyn. Sir Thomas Ma Sir Gregory Norton,

John Blackftcn, Sir John Bourcher, William Purefoye, ‘Tho-

mas Horton, Isaac Ewre, John , Thomas Andrews Alderman, Thomas diamond. Twenty of the Persons, who, in the Month of January 1648, aefted and proceeded against the Life cf our late Sovereign King Charles the First, of blcfied Memory; and, being dead when the

Act of Indemnity was made, being thereby reserved to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as by another Act of Parliament, intended to be hereafter passed for that Purpose, should be expressed and declared: And also against James Challoner, since deceased, and William Lord Mounson, Sir Henry Mildmay, Sir James Harrington, John Phelps, and Robert Wallop, who did fit, and aft in that traiterous Assembly, within the said Month of January 1648 , acted and proceeded against the Life of our said late Sovereign Lord King Charles the First, of blcfied Memory , and were therefore, by the said Act of Indemnity, reserved to such Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, not extending to Life, as by another Act, intended to be passed for that Purpose, should be imposed upon them.

And his Majesty's Counsel being called in;

Sir Jeffery Palmer, Knight, his Majesty's Attorney-General, Sir John Glin, and Sir William Wild, Two of his Majesty's Serjeants at Law, were brought into this House, with the Mace before them; and took their Places on the Right Hand at the Side Bar: And produced several Witnesses, who, at the Bar of this House, gave Evidence, as well against the said Twenty-one Persons deceased, as also against the said Sir Henry Mildmay and Robert Wallop, who were now brought in Custody to the Bar of this House; as also against the said John Phelps, who is fled; and Sir James Harrington, who cannot be found; That they did fit and aft, in that traiterous Assembly, against the Life of our said late Sovereign Lord King Charles the First, of blessed Memory: And offered to have produced the like Evidence against the said Lord Mounson 5 who, being at the Bar, confessed the Fast.

After which, his Majesty's Counsel, and the Witnesses, were caused to withdraw.

And, after full Debate of the said Evidence,

Resolved, upon the Question, Nemine contradicente. That a Bill be prepared and brought in, for the Confifca-tion of all the Estates, real and personal, of the said Twenty-one Persons deceased: With a like Proviso (nevertheless respect being had to the several Times from which the Estates, real and personal of the said several Persons shall be confiscated) as was contained in the former Act of Attainder, in reference to such Persons as have Conveyances, or claim any Estate, as Purchasers, bona fide, for valuable Considerations, from the Persons before-named.

Resolved also, upon the Question, Nemine contradicente, That the Bill to be presented against the said Twenty-one Traitors that are dead, shall also be inlarged and extended to the said Lord Viscount Mounson, Sir Henry Mildmay, Six James Harrington, Robert Wallop, and John Phelps, for a Confiscation of all their Estates, both real and personal, with the like Proviso (respect being had to the Times from which the real and personal Estates of the said Persons shall be confiscate) as was contained in the former Act of Attainder, in relation to such Persons as have Conveyances, or claim any Lands or Estate of the Persons before-named as Purchasers, bona fide, for valuable Considerations.

Resolved further, Nemine contradicente. That the Bill shall contain a further Pain against the said Persons, that are in Custody , and against the said Sir James Harrington and John Phelps, when they can be apprehended; that they shall be kept and remain Prisoners during their Lives.

Resolved also, Nemine contradicente. That the said Lord Mounson, Sir Henry Mildmay, and Sir James Harrington, and every of them, shall be degraded from their several Honours and Titles; and that the Bill to be brought do make Provision for the fame.

Resolved further. That the Bill shall provide this further Pain and Punishment , That the said Persons, so degraded, and the other Persons now alive, shall be drawn from the Tower of London, upon Sledges and Hurdles, through the Streets a Highway, to and under the Gallows at Tiborne, with Ropes about their Necks, and from thence to be conveyed back to the Tower, there to remain Prisoners during their Lives.

2 Resolved,

Resolved, That the said Bill shall, according to the former Vote, contain a Clause for the Execution of those Nineteen Traitors in the ‘Tower, that are convicted and condemned: And Sir Heneage his Majesty's Solli-for-General is desired to prepare and bring in the said Bill.

Resolved also. That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, or his Deputy, do forthwith apprehend, and take into Custody, the said Sir James Harrington and John Philps.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Vane and John , that

are wholly excepted and foreprifed out of the Act of Indemnity, be left to be proceeded against according to Law: And it is recommended to Mr. Attorney-General, to take care of the Proceeding against them.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney-General do prepare and bring in the Evidence against Sir Arthur being

another of the Persons excepted by the said Act, as to Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, not extending to Life, as loon as he can, that the Pains and Penalties against him may be made Part of die Bill directed to be brought in.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary Morice do carry up the Act for confirming of publick Acts, to the Lords, for their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward , a Member of this

House, have Leave to go into the Country.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Southed, a Member of this House, have Leave to go into the Country.

Resolved, upon the Question, and Ordered, That his Majesty be humbly desired to nominate and appoint Commissioners, for the City of London, to be inserted into the Bill for better governing Corporations: And such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's Privy-Council, are desired to acquaint his Majesty herewith.

And then the House adjourned till Eight of the Clock,

Tomorrow Morning.

Martis, 2° Julii, 130 Car. Regis.

Prayers.

cyObn Henry Zachary and Matthew Diamount, in order J to their Naturalization, did this Day take the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, before the Speaker, at the Clerk's Table.

This House being informed, that one Thomas who is a menial Servant to Rob Esquire, one

of the Members of this House, hath been arrested, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do repair to the Officer who hath arrested him; and that he do require the said Rafell to be discharged; and bring in Custody William Wolgate and Thomas lor, to answer the said Breach of Privilege.

Ordered, That the Bill for Abatement of Interest, for Debts contrafted before the Wars, to such as suffered for their Loyalty, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Overbury and Sir Thomas Stewerd, be added to the Lift of the Commissioners Names, for the County of Glocester, to be inserted into the Bill for better regulating Corporations.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas King be added, as a Commissioner for the County of; and that Mr. be added, as a Commissioner for Wilts; and Thomas Holland, Esquire, for Salop; and Mr. for Devon;

and Mr. JuJlinian, for the City of Exon; and Sir Henry 'Coke, John Weave, James Rod, and George Potter, for the City of Exon -, and John Turner Esquire, and Samuel Davison Esquire, for Durham-, Mr.

for Derby*, Sir John Nicholas, for Cornwall; and Ed-

ward Penruddock Esquire, for Westmoreland.

Ordered, That, before any Member do move for an Addition of any to be Commissioner or Commissioners, in the Bill for better governing of Corporations, they do first acquaint the Knights of the Shire serving for that County, within which such Corporation or Place, for which they would have any Addition, doth lie \ and have their Approbation for such Person or Persons as they would add.

Ordered, That Mr. John have Notice to

attend the Committee, to whom the Bill for Mr. Chambers, with two others, for charging 2690/. on his Estate, is committed, at their Sitting on Friday next.

An ingrafted Bill for Confirmation of a Sale of Land, made by Sir Thomas Prestwich, and others, to Sir Edward Mojley, was this Day read the Third time: And

Resolved, That the said Bill do pals.

Resolved, That the Title be. An Act for Confirmation *

An ingrossed Bill, for the Marquis of was

this Day read the Third time: And

Resolved, That the said Bill do pals.

Resolved, That the Title of the said Bill shall be, An Act for Reparation and Satisfaction to be made unto Lord St. John of Basing, Earl of Wilts, and Marquess of Winchester, out of the Manors and Lands of Robert Wallop Esquire, for the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, heretofore granted unto him by the then pretended Parii liament, out of the said Marquess of s Estate.

Ordered, That Mr Fane do carry up both the said Bills to the Lords, for their Cohcurrence.

A Bill for making navigable of the Rivers of Stower and Salverp &c. was this Day read the First time;

Resolved, That the same be read again the Second time on FYiday next.

A Bill for settling several Lands, late of Sir Bash, Knight, upon Sir Ralph Bash, Knight of the Bath, Heir of the said Edward Bash, and his Heirs, being ingrafted, was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, That the said Bill do pass.

Resolved, That the Title of the said Bill shall be,

And Mr. Fane is also to carry up the said Bill to the Lords, for their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing the Two Hundreds of Dudson and Rings-Barton from the County of the City of Glocester, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the fariie be committed to Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Pryn, Sir Bayn. Throgmorton, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Edw. Mr.

well, Mr. Fane, Lord St. John, Colonel Legg, Mr. Churchill, Sir Tho. Strickland, Mr. Swanton, Mr. Swin-fen. Sir Robert Atkins, Mr. Sir Robert

S>\rTho. Allen, Sir Wm. Lewes, Sir Ryve, Mr. Orrhe, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Knight, Mr. Strickland, Mr. Flint, Mr.

fowlber. Colonel Gilby, Sir Solomon Swale, Lord Bruce, Mr. Wm. Sandis, Sir Courtney Poole, Mr. Coriton, Mr. Washington, Lord Buckburst, Mr. Bulkley, Sir Jo. Covert, Mr. Scudamore, Colonel Philips, Sir Clapham, Mr; Ernley, Sir Cha. Cornwallis, Sir Edm. Pooley, Mr. Smith, Mr. Tirrell, Mr. George, Mr. Heron, Sir Jo. Strangwayes, Mr. Jo. How, Sir Justin. ljSir Edm. Peirfe, and all the Members of this House who serve for the County of Glocester: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Exchequer-Chamber, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And the City of Glocester is to be heard before the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Bill for the Lord Aburgavenay be read Tomorrow Morning.

A Bil l

Journals of the House of Commons. 1661.

28S

A Bill for the lupprefling of Perjury and Subornation of Perjury was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, Thut the same be read again the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas one of the Mem-

bers of this House, have the Leave cF this House to go into the Country 1.

Ordered, That Captain Sherrard, one of the Members of this House, have Leave to go into the Country.

Arid then this House refurriing the Bill for regulating Corporations; the several Knights of the Shires, and other Members concerned;, brought in the Lists of Commissioners Names, for the rest of the Counties, to be inferred in the said Bill: Which said several Lifts being twice le-Vcrally read;

Resolved, upon the Question, That this House doth agree thereunto: And as to the City of London,

Resolved, That instead of Commissioners Names, thele Wrords be inserted, " such Persons as his Majesty shall be pleased to authorize, uider his Great Seal."

And it was further Resolved, That the Words " ftnee the Twenty-fifth of March 1642," in the enacting Part of the said Bill, both in the Place which concerns the Re-storing, as also in the Place which concerns the Removal, of Magistrates, be struck out.

Which being accordingly done; and the Coherence then read;

Resolved, That the said Bill, with the Commissioners said Names inserted, and the Omissions and Additions aforesaid, be ingrafted.

And then the House adjourned till Seven of the Clock, Tomorrow Morning.

Mercurii, 30 Julii> 1 30 Regis.

Prayers.

A Bill, enabling the Lord to make Sale

of Lands to pay his Debts, and provide for his Brothers and Sifters, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, The same be read again the Second time on Friday next.

A Bill for repairing and preserving the Key of Wells Was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the same be committed to Lord Richardson, Mr. Attorney of the Duchy, Mr. Clifford, Mr. Jay, Mr. Sir Jo.

Sir So'otnon Swaile, Mr. Peckham Sir Tho. Dyke, Mr. Goring, Sir Anlho, Irby, Sir Ti.boStrickland, Sir Tho. Peyton, Sir Ba)n. Throgmorton, Mr. Rigby, Mr Sir

Hen. Hewlon, Sir Geo. Reeve, Mr. Sir

grave, Mr. Perry, Mr. GaudyMr. l.aur. Hyde, Mr.

Clifton, Mr. Strickland, and all the Members that serve for the County of Norfolk: And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Allen, one of the Members of this Floufe, have Leave to go into die Country.

An ingrafted Bill, sent from the Lords, for the draining of Lindsey Level, was this Day read the First time.

Rofolved, That the same be read again the Second time Tomorrow.

Sir Solomon Swale reported, from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill, lent from the Lords, for the Restoring of Thomas Radclff, Esquire, to his Lands in England and Ireland, was committed. That the said Committee had considered thereof j and saw no Cause to alter any thing the rein.

And the same Bill being thereupon read the Third time;

Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Bill do pals: And Sir Solomon Swale is to return the same to the Lords.

Mr. Steward reports several Amendments to the Bill enabling Algernon Peyton, Doctor of Divinity, to make Sale of Part of his Lands, for Payment of Debts, &c. from the Committee to whom the said Bill was committed: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place , and after, delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Which laid Amendments being severally twice read;

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said several Amendments: And

Ordered, That the said Bill, so amended, be ingrafted.

The laid Mr. Steward likewise reported several Amendments to the Bill enabling the Trustees of Richard Gips Esquire to fell Lands, for Payment of his Debts, (Ac. from the Committee, to whom the same was committed: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Which said Amendments being severally twice read;

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said feve- ral Amendments: And

Ordered, That the said Bill, so amended, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Stocking-KnitterS of Norwich be read Tomorrow Morning.

Serjeant Chartetcn reports, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of Downton, That the Question was. Whether the Out-livers that have Freeholds, but no Houses, Within the Borough, had Voices; and the Opinion of the Committee, That they had Voices; and that Mr. Eliot and Mr. Eyre had the major Voices j and were duly elected, and ought to fit.

But some Members inftfting, that divers inconsiderable Freeholders were fraudulently created; whereby the said Mr. Elliot and Mr. Eyre obtained the Majority of Voices; concerning which, forne of the Evidence was not heard j The Question was put. That this House doth agree with the Committee: Whereupon,

The House was divided: And The Noes went forth.

Sir Jo. Duncombe, C Tellers for the Noes:

Sir Cha. Cornwallis, t With the Noes, J Sir Tho. Fanlhaw, (Tellers for the Yeas: > ,

Mr Whorwocd, I With the Yeas, J108*

So it passed in the Negative: And Ordered, That the same be re-committed to the said Committee, fully to examine the said Point of Fraud.

Ordered, That the Bill, enabling his Majesty to make Leases of Lands in the Duchy of Cornwall, be read the First Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill for restoring Appropriations to Persons sequestcred for Loyalty be read Tomorrow Morning.

This House taking Notice, that several traiterous, schif-matical, and scandalous Pamphlets have been printed and published since his Majesty's happy Restauration;

Ordered, That Sir John Maynard, his Majesty's Serjeant at Law, Serjeant Keeling, and be

desired to prepare and bring in a Bill, for the Regulation of Printing j and for the calling in of all seditious and schismatical Books and Pamphlets, in whose Hands soever they be.

Resolved, That the Bill for Uniformity cf publick Prayers, and Administration of Sacraments, together with the printed Book of Common Prayer, now brought in, intituled. The-Book of Common Prayer and Administration of the Sacraments, and other Rites and Ceremonies

5

of the Church of England, annexed thereunto, be committed to Sir Tho. Fanshaw, Mr. Fane, Mf. Sollicitor, Mr.

Ashburnham, Mr. Clifford, Sir Lord

Mr. Churchill, Doctor Birkenhead, Mr. Sir Solo-

mon Swale, Serjeant Keeling, Mr. Clerke, Sir Giw. Lord 5/. Mr. Lowther, Mr. Sir JuJlin.

Isham, Mr. Walderon, Mr. y<?. , Sir P&7.

grave. Sir TTw. Fanshalljunior. Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Sir yo. Talbot, Mr. Orme, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Courtney Poole, Sir Hen. North, Sir Edw. Sir Bayn. Throg-

morton, Sir Hen. Newton, Sir Geo. Reeves, Mr. Comptroller, Lord Le Be Spencer, Mr. Geffery Lord

Off cry. Sir Wm. Compton, Mr. Strangwayes, Mr. Edward Seymor, Mr. Stanley, Sir Tho. Strickland, Mr. Strick-lany, Sir Tho.Ingram, Mr. Rigby, Sir Wm. Lewes, Doctor Birwell, Mr. Weld, Sir Phil. Warwick, Sir Tho. blethwaite. Sir Edm. Boyer, Mr. Waller, Mr. Bishop, Mr. Glascock, Mr. Vice-chamberlain, Sir Edw. Seamour, Sir Ben. Ayloffe, Twjo. Strangwayes, Mr Mr

son, Baron of Kinderton, Sir Tho. Leigh, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Spencer, Mr Lovelace, Si Sir

Sir Rob. Bolle, Sir Antho. Irby, Sir Allen Apjley, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Lewis Palmer, Sir Rob. Howard, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Milward, Mr. Sir Tho. Peyton, Sir

Chichester Wray, Sir Edw.Walgrave, Sir Hugh Windham,

Sir Edm. Peirce, Mr. Aldworth, Lord Sir Edw.

Smith, Mr. Manwaring, Sir Wm. Howard, Mr. Bennet, Mr. Secretary Morice, Mr. Ashburnham, Sir Allen rick. Sir Jo. Goodrich, Sir GSands, Colonel Lord Rich. Butler, Sir Wm. Hickman, Sir Fran. Clerke, Mr. Coriton, Mr. Wm. Coventrey, Mr. Mr.

Thomas, Sir Edm. Pooley, Sir Hump. Bennet, Sir Tho. Stukley, Colonel Windham, Mr. Swinfen, Mr. Phillips, Sir Roger Bradshaw, Mr. Hender Roberts, Mr. Chetwind, Mr. Tanner, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Stewart, Mr. Shaw, Sir Lane. Lake, Serjeant Charleton, Colonel Legg, Mr. Goodrich, Sir John Holland, Mr. Puckering, Sir Hen. Williams, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Ni Colonel Fretch-

vill, Mr. Morton, Sir Tho. Coventrey, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Andrews, Mr. Wren, Mr. Wm. Sandys, Mr. Sir

Hen. North, Sir Jo. Harrison, Mr. Jones, Sir Ayloff, Sir Cha.Harbord, Mr. Harbert, Mr. Crooke, Mr.

Torke, Sir Jo. Nicholas, Lord Cornbury, Sir Jof. Craddock, Mr. Lau. Hyde, Mr. Whorwood, Colonel Shaker ley. Sir Wm. Gawdy, Sir Philip Mr. Font, Lord

Richardson, Mr. Robinson, Sir Hen. Wroth, Sir Rich. Oat-ley, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Trelawney, Mr. Bulteele, Sir Reeve, Sir Rich. Breham, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Whitaker, Lord Cavendish, Sir Adrian Scrope, Mr. Bol-mon, Mr. Attorney of the Duchy, Mr Mr. Mal-

let, Sir Clem. Throgmorton, Sir Rob. Atkins: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock in the Star-Chamber: And, if the original Book of Common Prayer cannot be found, then to report the said printed Book, and their Opinion touching the fame: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Allen Brodrick this Day made Report* touching the Members of this House who had not received the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper, according to the Order of this House, That, besides Sir Ralph AJbtoti, who had the tacit Dispensation of this House, the several Persons under -oamed had not received the same,

Francis Lord Angier, who was then, and is now, in Ireland;

Mr. William Ashburnham, who was then lick;

Doctor Burwell, who was then sick,

Sir John Chichester, who was then sick;

Sir Jervas Clifton, who hath since received

Mr. John Grubham How, who was then in the Country *,

Mr. Richard Hamden,

Mr. George Howard, who* as k was now attested, did then receive;

Mr. Henry Henty;

Mr. John Lovelace, who was then in the Country j

Mr. William Love;

Roger Earl of Orery, who is Lord Justice of Ireland

i8y

Mr. John Radcliff \

Mr. Gilbert Raleigh, who was then sick;

Mr. Edward Stanley, who was then sick;

♦ Mr. John Stow ell, who was not then come to Town j Mr. Charles Trelawney, who was not then in Town -, Mr. Henry Wallop, who was not then in Town, and hath since received Colonel Norton;

John Tanner, Esquire, who was not then in Town j Sir William Thompson, who was then sick.

And Mr. Hamden, Mr. Henly, Mr. Love, Mr. Radcliff, and Sir William Tompson, being now in the House* did offer their several Excuses.

Upon Debate whereof,

Resolved, That Mr. Hamden, Mr. Henly, Mr. Radcliff, Sir William Tompson, and the rest that then were lick* and not in Town, who have not communicated, have Time to communicate, and bring Certificates, on Monday next, of their lb doing, from so many of the former Commissioners appointed to take care thereof, as is required by the former Order:

But, as to the said Mr. Lovthis House being much unsatisfied both with the Matter and Manner of his Excuse ♦,

Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Mr. Love be suspended from fitting in this House, until he shall communicate, and bring Certificate thereof from the said Commissioners, according to the former Order.

And then the House adjourned till Seven of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Jovis, 40 Julii, 130 Car. Regis.

Prayers.

cyeOHN Motteux and Anthony Groueh, in order to their J Naturalization, did this Day take the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, before Mr. Speaker, at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Fane, Mr. Sir Edward

Harly, and Sir Roger Bradshaigh, be added to the Committee, to whom Sir John Munfori's Bill is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Robinson, a Member of this House, have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Tanners of Essex and Middlesex, which was this Day read, be referred to the Grand Committee for Trade* to whom the Bill for the better Tanning and Drefiing of Leather is committed; who are to hear the Petitioners therein.

A Bill for appointing a Register to the Brokers, being brought in this Day;

Ordered, That this Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the Mayor, Justices, Sheriff, and Aldermen of Norwich, touching the knitting of Stockings, being this Day read;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Grand Committee of Trade, to take the same into Confident-don; and to hear the Petitioners and to diredfc a Bill to be prepared and brought in, if they find Cause.

Ordered, That Colonel Lane, a Member of this House, have Leave to go into the Country.

A Bill for malting the Chapel of Plextoll, heretofore annexed to the Parish of Wrotham in the County of Kentf a distinct Parish of itself, from Wrotham;

And another Bill forconftkuting the Parish of formerly annexed to the said Parish of Wrotham, a distinct Parish and Redtory, from Wrotham were both this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the find Bills be committed to Mr. Mervill, Sir Solomon Swale j Sir Mat-

4 D

thew Appleyard, Sir Anthony Irly, Colonel Gilby, Mr.

Churchilly Sir Edm. Peirce, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Clifford, Mr. Goodrich, Mr. Scudamore, Sir Rob. Atkyns, Mr. Musgrave, Mr. Bennet, Mr. Faunt, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Lowther, Sir John Hotham, Sir John Goodrich, Sir Cha. Cornwallis, Mr. Fra. Lovelace, Sir Fra. Clarke, Mr. Herbert, Sir Norton Knatchbull, Mr. Harvey, Sir Fra. Vincent, Mr. Edw. Mountag Doctor King, Mr.

Pepis, Sir Rich.Onslow, Sir John Covett, Mr. Pryn,

Mr. Clifton, Mr. Knight, Mr. Hender Roberts, Mr. Bir-iinhead. Sir Hugh Bethell, Sir Peyton, Mr. Hujfey, Mr. Attorney of the Duchy, Sir John Sir Edw.

Master, Sir Wm. Batten, Mr. Barnham, Sir Edw. Hales, Sir Cha. Berkley, Mr. Andrewes, Mr. Geo. Mountague, Mr. Thurlan: And they are to meet in the Star-Cham-

ber, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for restoring Rectories and Advowsons to his Majesty's loyal Subjects was this Day read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read again the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for moderating Interest to Three Pounds per Cent, for such Persons as have served the late King's Majesty, was this Day read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read again the Second time on Monday next.

A Bill, enabling Latham and Hopton Shooter to fell Lands, was this Day read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time on Monday next.

A Bill for importing of Mader, pure and unmixed, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, The feme be read again the Second time on Monday next. v

Mr. Mountague reports from the Committee, to Whom the Bill for enabling Churchwardens, &c. was referred, several Amendments, with three Provisoes, to be added to the Bill: Which Amendments and Provisoes being twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed unto;

Resolved, That the said Bill, with the Amendments and Provisoes agreed to, be ingrafted.

Lord Bruce reports from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Reneede Sabran was committed, That the Committee few no Cause to recede from the Amendments formerly made, or to make any other Amendments to the Bill -, but that Sir Lancelot Lake, a Member of this House, being the Person concerned, had, according to the usual Privilege granted to Members in like Cafes, desired to be heard by Counsel at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That Sir Lane lot Lake be heard by his Counsel, against the Bill for naturalizing Renee de , at the Bar of this House, on Tnext.

A Bill, declaring the Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, 'to be imposed upon the Estates and Persons of certain no--torious Offenders excepted out of the Act of free and general Pardon, Indemnity, and Oblivion, was this Day read the First and Second time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the same be committed to Sir Heneag Finch, Nix. Mountague, Sir Rob. Atkins, Seij. Keeling, Nlr.Ashbumbam, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Crouch, Seij. Charleton, Mr. Comptroller, Six Fran. Clerke, Sir Ralph B'ancks, Sir Alim Apfley, Sir Sir

Rob. Holt, Mr. Churchill, Sir Jo. , Sir IVm.

Compton, Mr. Fane, Sir Jo. Rowfe, Sir Swale, Sir ^Vm. Smith, Mr. Strangwayes. Lord Le De Spencer, Mr. Spencer, Mr. Fran. Finch, Mr. Sir Jo.Bramp-

flbn, Mr. Heath, Sit Jo. Holland, Sir Jo. Nicholas, Mr. Hen. Coventry, Mr. Morton, Lord Ricbirdson, Sir Hum. Bennet, Lord Bruce, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Cotton, Sir Rob. Brooke, Sir Jo. Covert, Mr. Wm. Sir Wm. Deyley,

Sir Bayn. Throgmorton, Sir Ben. Ayloff, Mr. Broome Whof-wood. Sir Antbo. Irby, Sir Courtney Poole, Sir Edm. Pooley,

Mr. Wm. Coventry, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Jeffery Palmer,

Mr. Darcy, Mr. Edw. Seymour, Sir Clement Throgmorton,

Sir William Morice, Mr. Clerke, Sir Clement Fisher, Sir Allen Brodrerick, Sir Jo. Burlace, Mr. Gawdy, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Smith, Sir James Smith, Sir Sir 2"bo.

Peyton, Sir Wm. Lewis, Sir Hen. Newton alias Puckering, Mr. Jonathan Trelawney, Sir Edm. Peirfe, Mr. Newton,

Mr Clffton, Mr. Clifford, Sir Tho. Leigh, Sir

Mr. Trelawney, Sir Jo. Strangwayes, Sir Hen. Herbert,

Mr. Glascock, Sir Jo. Goodrich, Sir Phil. Musgrave, Sir Cha. Cornwallis, Sir Tho. Stuk Mr. Swanton, Mr. Kyrkby, Colonel Sandis, Sir Wm. Hickman, Sir Rich. Francklin, Mr. Mountague, Sir Tho. Smith, Mr Dowdf-well. Sir Maurice Berkley, Mr. Sandis, Lord,

Mr. Pryn, Mr. Bennett, Lord , Mr.

Lord Cornbury, Doctor Birkenhead, Mr. Jolley, Sir Jo. Talbot, Mr. Cartwright, Sir Cha. Harbord, Mr. Fawnt,

Sir Hen. North, Sir Wm. Courtop, Mr. Chelwind, Sir

Meres, Sir Nich. Crisp, Mr. Sir Hugh Wind-

ham, Sir Tho. Strickland, Colonel S hacker ley. Sir Tho.

Fanshaw, Sir Tho. Ingram, Sir Edm. Bowyer, Mr. Newton alias Puckering, Colonel Windham, Sir Lane.

Sir Edw. Walpoole, Mr. Griffin: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And to take care for a Proviso, that may save unto the Lord Marquis of Winchester the Advantage of the Act, made on his Behalf, for Reparation of Thirteen thousand Pounds out of the Estate of Robert Wallop; and also for a Proviso, on the Behalf of the Lord Craven, and to provide for the Indemnifying

the Executors of any of the said exempted Persons that are dead, for any just Payments of Monies by them made.

Ordered, That Mr. Sollicitor-General do bring in a Bill, Tomorrow Morning, for Execution of the Persons, Prisoners in the Tower, condemned for the horrid Murder of his late Sacred Majesty King Charles the First.

Ordered, That khe Committee, for disbanding the Army and Navy, do make Report to this House, on Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That his Majesty's Attorney-General be desired to prepare and bring in the Evidence, against Sir Arthur Haflerigg deceased, with what convenient Speed he can.

Ordered, That Sir Clement Throgmorton and Doctor Birkenhead be added to the Committee of Privileges and Elections.

Ordered, That Sir William Killegrewe's Bill be read Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the Bill for Common Fields be read Tomorrow.

And then the House adjourned till Seven-of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

— - - to mk....." ..... ....

Veneris, 50 Junity 13* Car.

Prayers.

TJEnry Peterfltn, in Order to his Naturalisation, 'this H j)ay took the Oaths of Supremacy and-Allegiance, before Mr. Speaker, at the Cleric's Tabic.

-A ' Bill to confirm and -continue-an -Act of fast Pallia-, ment, for governing the Fens, being this-Day read the First time j

Ordered, That this' Bill be read again the Second time Tomorrow Morning about Nine of the Clock, when the House'is full.

a Bin

A Bill for the draining of the Level of the Fens in the County of Lincolne, commonly called Lindsey Level, sent

from the Lords, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be comrftitted to the same Committee, to which the Bill, brought into this House, concerning the said Level, was formerly referred; with an Addition of the Members following *, Mr.

Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Clifford, Mr. Colonel

Sir Rowland Berkely, Mr. Fane, Sir Wendy, Sir

Jervas Gift on, Mr. Churchill, Sir Solo. Swale, Mr. Hen. Coventry, Mr. Wm. Coventry, Mr. Mallet, and all the Members of this House that serve for the County of Lincolne, or any other County into which the said Level doth extend: But no Members of the said Committee, that are concerned in point of Interest, as Owners, Undertakers, or Adventurers, are to have any Vote thereat. And the said Committee are impowered to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, in reference to this Bill, as well as the other that Hands formerly committed: And the Petition erf" Charles Dymock Esquire, this Day read, or any other Petition of like Nature, are referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

A Bill for the making navigable the Rivers of Slower and Salwerpe, sent from the Lords, was this Day read

the Second time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the same be committed to Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Fane, Sir Rob. Atkins, Sir Wm. Compton, Sir Wm.Doyley, Sir Sir

Hickman, Sir Allen Apjley, Mr. Coventry, Sir Phil. Warwick, Sir Hen. Herbert, Mr. , Lord Bruce, Mr. Seymour, Sir Jo. Talbot, Mr. Sam. Sir Rob.

Bowles, Mr. Geo. Mount ague. Sir Sir Bayn.

Throgmorton, Sir Tho. Leigh, Colonel Fretcbvill, Lord vendish. Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Heath, Sir Maurice Berkley, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir Edw. Maffey, Mr. Street, Sir Jo. Brampfion, Sir Edw. Mojley, Sir Allen Brodrick, Sir Phil. Howard, Mr. Swinfen, Colonel Egerton, Mr. Birch, Mr. Edw. Mountague, Mr. Chicheley, Mr. Wm. Sandis, Mr. Rob. Phillips, Mr. Clifton, Mr. An-the. Ayre, Lord St. John, Sir Edm. Bowyer, Serj. Seife, Mr. Scudamore, Sir Rich. Ingoldsby, Mr. Olfeild, Sir Adryan Scroop, Mr. Lowther, Colonel Price, Sir Hen. Newton, Mr Goodrich, Mr. WrenMr. Clifford, Sir Rich. Breham, Lord Cajlleton, Mr. Wm.Coventry, Mr. Stanhope, Mr. Weld, Mr. Dowdjwell, Sir Tho. Sir Rich.

Wiseman, Lord Herbert, Mr. Law. Hyde, Sir Rich.

Sir Solomon Swale, Colonel , Lord

Sir Tho. Strickland, Sir Geo. Reeve, Mr. Newton, Lord

Rich. Butler, Sir Jo.Covet, Sir Mr.

Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Mich. Wharton, Sir Jo. Hotbam, Mr. Fran. Finch, Mr. Herbert Morley, Sir Packington, Mr. Lovelace, Mr. Rich. Taylor, Sir Jo. Nicholas, Sir Tho. Fanshaw jun. Tho. Higgens Esquire, Sir Wm. Terrinbam, Sir Edm. Pye, Sir Tho. Wendy, Lord Brereton, Mr. Jam. Bulteele, Mr. Bar.Grenvile, Sir Mr

Coventry, Mr. Jo. Fowell, Mr. Wm. Herbord, Mr. Wyn-fton Churchill, Mr. Geo. Pytt, Mr. Jo. Cotton, Sir Ralph Hare, Sir Rob. Parton, Mr. Wm. Legg, Sir

Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Jo. Ashbumbam, Sir Tho. Woodcock, Mr. Piercy Goring, Lord Anger, Jo. Jollife of London Esquire, Sir Jo. Denham, Jo. Lord Seymour, Sir Tho.

Ingram, Mr. Jo. Harvey, Sir E and all the Members that serve for Worcestershire, Shropshire, Staffordshire,

Herefordshire, Oxfordshire, Nottinghamshire, Warwickshire,

Glocestershire: And they are to meet on Monday in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer-Chamber, at Two of the Clock: And to fend for Persons* Papers, Witnesses, and Records.

Ordered, That all the Members of this House, that serve for the County of Suffolke, be added to the Committee* to whom the Bill for Wells Key is committed.

Ordered, That all the Members that serve for the several Counties of Worcester and Warwick be added to the Committee* to whom Sir John Clerk's Bill is committed.

A Bill for Explanation of a Clause, concerning Commissioners for Causes EccJefiastical, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed to the same Committee, to whom the Bill for Uniformity of publick Prayers, and Administration of Sacraments, is committed: And that all the Members of this House, who are of both Robes, be added to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill against Tumults was referred, do fit this Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Bill for Clitbero -, the Bill for Rannes j the Bill against Pluralities , the Bill for Augmentation of Vicarages , the Bill for taking away Fines and Damage? cleere , be all read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

The Bill for the better governing of Corporations, being ingrafted, was this Day read the Third time,

And Three Provifbes being brought in to be added to the said Bill; the First being a Provilb, That no Perfbii should aft, as a Commissioner, in any City or Corporation, whereof he is a Magistrate or Officer , or for which he now serves as a Member in Parliament , or wherein he flood in Competition upon the last Election fqr Members of Parliament;

The Question being put. That the same should be read i The House was divided: And The Yeas went forth.

Sir Jo. Duncomb, € Tellers for the Yeas: \

Nix. Waller, I With the Yeas, J 1 Sir Ralph Hare, c Tellers for the Noes: l Mr. Tomkins, X With the Noes* I

So it paired with the Affirmative. -And, upon the Reading thereof,

Resolved, upon the Question, That the same he laid aside.

And the Second Proviso being. That this Act should not prejudice any Reversions of Offices or Places ip Loth don the same was once read.

And then the Question being put* That the feme should be read the Second time

The House was divided: And The Yeas going forth.

The Noes yielded, the Yeas were the major Part:

And so it passed in the Affirmative.

And the same being read the Second time, feme Amendments were made therein at the Clerk's Table.

And the feme being twice read;

Resolved, That the feme Proviso, so amended, be added and made Part of the Bill.

The Third Proviso being, That no Commissioner should exercise ally Powers by virtue of this Act, unlefe he first subscribed the Declaration thereby appointed for every Member of a Corporation, and took the O^ths of Allegiance and Supremacy;

The feme was twice read; apd amended* in Part, at the Clerk's Table:

And the feme being then thrice read;

Resolved, That the said Proviso, so amended and agreed unto, be made Part of the Bill.

And the Question being put, That no other Provisoep should be received, to be added to this Bill;

The feme was resolved. That no other Prpviso fhopld be received.

And the Question being then put, That the said Bill with the said Provisoes, so amended* and agreed unto, should pass;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Earl of Ancrarn, ( Tellers for the Yeas: J i9.

Lord St. John, X With the Yeas, i I52*

Sir Ralph Ashton, C Tellers for the Noes: l Mr. Pryn, I with the Noe$,) '7*

So it passed in the Affirmative, That the said Bill, with the said Provisoes, fb amended, and added thereunto, should pass.

Resolved,

Coocjlc

Journals of the House of Commons. A. \66i.

2.92.

Resolved, That the Title of the said Bill shall be, An Act for the well-governing and regulating of Corporations.

And Sir John Talbot is to carry up the said Bill to the Lords, for their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Seven a Clock, Tomorrow Morning.

Sabbatt, 6° 'Julii, 130 Car. Regis.

Prayers.

A Bill to enable Algernon Peyton Doctor of Divinity to make Sale of Part of his Lands, for Payment of Debts, being ingrossed, was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, That the said Bill do pals.

Resolved, That the Title of the said Bill be. An Act to enable Algernon Peyton Doctor of Divinity to make Bale of Part of his Lands, for Payment of his Debts.

A Bill for the Enabling of Churchwardens to aflels and levy such Sums of Money, as shall be necessary to be expended in the Repairing of Churches, and upon other Occafrons incident to their Office, being ingrossed, was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, That the said Bill do pass.

Resolved, That the Title of the said Bill be. An Act for the Enabling of Churchwardens to aflels and levy such Sums of Money, as shall be necessary to be expended in the Repairing of Churches, and upon other Occasions incident to their Office.

A^ill for the Enabling the Trustees of Richard Gips Esquire to fell Lands, &c. being ingrossed, was this Day Tead the Third time.

Resolved, That the said Bill do pass.

Resolved, That the Title of the said Bill be. An Act for enabling the Trustees of Richard Gips Esquire to fell Lands, &c.

And Sir Henry North is to carry up the said Three ingrossed Bills to the Lords.

Ordered, That Sir Hugh Windham, one of the Members of this House, have Leave to go into the Country.

Ordered, That the Bill, for a Register of Pawns and Sales in London, be read on Monday next.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Standon in the County of Herlford, "Which was this Day read, be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Highways is committed, to provide for their Relief by that Bill, or to direct a particular Bill to be brought in for that Purpose.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said several Amendments and Provisoes.

Ordered, That the said Bill, with the said Amendments and Provisoes, be ingrossed.

Mr. Serj. Charlton reports, from the Committee for Elections, the Fast, touching the Return for the Borough of New Windsor: That the Question being, Whether the Right of Election was in the Corporation, consisting of Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, not exceeding the Number of Thirty , or, in the Inhabitants at large; That it appeared, by the Evidence, that the said Borough did, before the Time of Edward the 4th, fend Burgesses to the Parliament , who were elected only by the Mayor, and a select Number, not exceeding the Number of Thirty, being the Corporation of the said Borough: And it was proved, by several Witnesses, and so appeared by divers Returns in several Kings Reigns, That the Election, for above Seventy Years, had been by a select Number, consisting of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, not exceeding the Number of Thirty -, and not by the Inhabitants at large , who never chose till Anno 1640: And' that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee was of Opinion, That the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, not exceeding the Number of Thirty, had only the Right of Election; and that Sir Richard Braham Knight, and Thomas Higgens Esquire, who were elected and returned as Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of New Windsor, by the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, not exceeding the Number of Thirty, were duly elected, and ought to fit.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the said Committee, That the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, not exceeding the Number of Thirty, have only Right of Election; and that the said Sir Richard Braham and Mr. Higgens were duly elected, and ought to fit in this House, as Burgesses for the said Borough of New Windsor.

And the said Serjeant Charleton reports, from the said Committee, touching the Election for the Borough of Stamford in the County of That the Question

was, Whether every Freeman of the said Borough, or only such Freemen as paid Scotland Lot, had Right of Election: And that, upon the Evidence, it appeared. That such Freemen only, as paid Scotland Lot, had Right of Election; and that Wm. Mountague Esquire, and Wm. Stafford Esquire, had the Majority of Voices of such Freemen as paid Scotland Lot: And the Opinion of the Committee, that they were duly elected, and ought to fit in this House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree in Opinion with the said Committee, That such Freemen only as paid Scotland Lot, had Right of Election; and that Mr. Mountague and Mr. Stafford had the Majority of the Voices of such Freemen as paid Scotland Lot , and were duly elected Burgesses for the said Town of Stamford, and ought to fit in this House.

Mr. Street reports from the Committee, to whom the Earl of Dorsett's Bill was committed, several Amendments

to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and delivered in the fame, with the Bill, at the Clerk's Table: Which said Amendments were severally tyke read.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said several Amendments: And that the said Bill, with the said Amendments, be read again the Third time on Monday next.

- Mr. Goodrich reports from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Confirmation and Explanation of an Act for the Settling some of the Manors and Lands of the Earl of Cleveland in Trustees, to be sold, for satisfying of the Debts of the said Earl, and of Thomas Lord Wentworth his Son, was committed, several Amendments to the said Bill, together with Two Provisoes, to be added thereunto: Which Amendments he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and afterwards, delivered in the same at the Clerk's Table: And the said Amendments and Provisoes being severally twice read;

The Petition of divers Merchants and Clothiers of the City of Exon was this Day read.

Ordered, That the same be referred to the Grand Committee for Trade.

A Bill for the taking away of all Fines upon original Writs, Bills, and Filing of Declarations; and for taking away of Dampna Clericorum, or Damage-cleere, was this

Day read the Second time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the same be committed to Serj. Keeling, Mr. George, Mr.

Sir Solo. Swale, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Mr.

Torke, Sir Rob. Atkins, Mr. Shaw, Sir Cha. Harbord,

Mr. Rigby, Colonel Sandis, Sir Tho. , Sir Onslow, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Clifton, Mr. Churchill, Sir Courtney Poole, Mr. How, Sir Mr. Wm.

Coventry, Mr. Wren, Mr. Law. , Sir Rob. Holt, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Wm. Sandtys, Mr. Geo. Mountague, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Vice-Chambeerlain, Doctor Mr. Thur-

land, Mr. Pepis, Sir Cha. Cornwallis, Sir Wm.

3 Sir

S\r Hen. North, Mr. Smith, Sir Sir IVLewis,

Mr. Clifford, Mr. Attorney of the Duchy, Sir Sir no. Fanfhaw, Sir Tho.Strickland, Mr. Hen. Coventry,

Mr. Bulteele, Sir AllenBrodrick, Lord Sir

Goodrick, Sir Bayn. Throgmorton, Mr. Jay, Serj.

Sir Allen Apfley, Mr. Huffey, Sir Mu'grave. Sir

Hen. Newton alias Puckering, Mr. Puckering, Mr. Eretch-vill. Sir Edm. Peirfe, Sir IVm. Compton, Mr.

Mr. Mallett, Mr. Jo. Jones, Sir Rich. Ford, Mr.

Mr. Knight, Mr. Ashburnham, Sir Walpoole, Mr. Potter, Mr ..Goddard, Mr. Newton, Sir Bennett, Sir

Clem.Throgmorton, Mr. Edw. Seymour, Mr. , Mr. Barnaby, Mr. Griffin, Sir Rob. Howard, Mr. Waller And they are to meet in the Exchequer-Chamber, on day next, at Two of the Clock: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Jufiinian Lewyn and Sir Mundiford Brampston, Two of the Mailers of Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded *us to tell you, that they do concurr with you in Two Bills you sent up to them; the one being for the confirming of publick Acts , and the other for ascertaining the Fees to the Mailers of Chancery.

Sir William Morice, one of his Majesty's principal Secre-

taries of State, this Day acquainted this House, That he was commanded by his Majesty to signifyunto this House, that his Majesty intended to be at the Lords House on Monday Morning, singly to pass the Act for confirming publick Acts, wherein the Act of Oblivion is contained.

A Bill for Confirmation of the Estates of several Tenants and Copyholders of the Manors of , &c.

was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the same be committed to Lord Cajlleton, Colonel Windham, Sir Jo. Brampston, Colonel Phillips, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr.

Thurland, Mr. Crook, Mr. Attorney of the Duchy, Mr. Wm. Sands, Mr. Corylon, Sir Cha. Harbord. Sir Allen Apfley, Mr York, Sir Rob. Atkins, Sir Hump. Bennet, Mr.

Bennetti Sir Hen. Cape'l, Sir Solo. Swale, Mr. Loivther,

Mr . Milward, Mr. Goodrick, Sir Sir An-

tho. Irby, Mr. Peckham, Lord Richarffon, Lord Corn-

bury, Mr. Jeffery Palmer, Mr. Lewis Palmer, Sir Allen

Brodrick, Serj. Littleton, Mr. Dennis, Mr. Jones, Sir Tho. Peyton, Colonel Sandys, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Hen. Coventry, Mr. Wm. Coventry, Mr. Bulteele, Mr. Wren, Sir Wm. Lewis, Sir Rich. Lloyd, and all the Members of this House who serve for the Counties of Derby, Stafford, Lancaster, Chester, Northamton, and Warwick: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Duchy-Chamber: And to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for the Copyholders of the Honour of Clithero in the County of Lancaster was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the same be committed to the same Committee, to whom the Bill for Confirmation of the Estates of several Tenants and Copy-holders of the Manors of Rannes, &c. is committed: And they are to meet at the same Time and Place: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. And the Creditors of Sir Allen Apfley are to have Notice, that they may be heard, if they have any thing to offer.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Justice and Mr. Justice Windham;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent us to let you know, that the King will be at the House of Lords on Monday next, at Ten of the Clock,' to pass the Bill for Confirmation of publick Acts.

A Bill for restoring all such Advowsons, Redlories, &V. to his Majesty's loyal Subjects, as were taken from them.

upon their Compositions, by the lateufurped Powers, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, That the same be committed to Mr. Fretch-v'.ll. Sir Allen Apjley, Sir Tho. Mr. Af. :burnbam,

Sir Phil. Warwick, Sir Tho. Leigh, Mr. Clerk, Mr. Churchill, Lord Bruce, Mr. Moreton, Mr. Spry, Mr. Edm. Windham, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Cordon, Mr. Pytt, Lord Rich. Butler, Mr. Lewis Palmer, Mr. Pryn, Colonel Sandys, Sir Jo. Holland, Mr. Gyles S/rangwayes, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Geo. Reeve, Sir Tho. Mr.

Lord Bruce, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Secretary Morice, Serj. Charleton, Mr Wm. Sandys, Mr. York, Mr. Atto. of tile Duchy, Sir Francis Clerke, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. Lowther, Colonel Windham, Mr.

Edw. Phillips, Sir Adrian Scroope, Mr. Earl of

Offjry, Lord Cornbtiry, Mr. Jeffery Sir Ralph

Ashton, Mr. Kyrkby, Sir Jo. Sir Cha. Corn-

wallis, Sir Rob. Atkins, Sir REverard, Mr. Sir Maurice Berkley, Sir Clem. Throgmorton, Lord St. John, Sir Edm.Pooley, Mr. Peckham, Norton, Mr.

Mr. Smith, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Sir Rob. licit, Mr. Edw. Seymour, Sir Jo. Goodrick, Mr. Mr.

Bijcowen, Mr. Wm. Mount ague. Lord Mansjeild, Mr. Stencer, Mr. Deveraux, Sir Edw. Walpoole, Sir Hen. Newton alias Puckering, Mr. Jo. Newton, Mr. Walden,

Lord Willoughby, Lord Brereton, Sir Hump. , Sir Wm. Compton, Mr. Potter, Mr. Goodrick, Sir Edw. Seymour, Mr. Herbert, Mr Jo. Lowther,

ton. Sir Allen Broderick, Sir Courtney Poole, Sir Jo. Brampston, Sir Rich. Oalley, Mr. Law. Hide, Sir Wm. Hickman, Sir Tho. Smith, Sir Tho. Hele, Sir jo. Stowell, Sir Wray, Mr. Milward, Mr. Wm. Coventry, Sir Jo. Dun-combe, Mr. Geo. Mount ague, Mr. Lord Le

De Spencer, Mr. Ashburnham, Mr. Puckering, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Jay, Mr. Flint, Mr. Chet wind, Mr. Rigby, Sir

Wm.Lewis, Mr. Fra. Windham. Sir

Lingen, Sir Phil. Mu grave:And they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock, in the Star-Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, < nd Records: And they are to take care, that Provision be made, by the said Bill, for the Payment of the Rents in Arrear for the said Redories, Vicarages, and Tythes, to the light Owners, from whom the same were taken; and that the right Owners may have the Advantage of all Bonds, which have been given for to secure the Rents; and that all Bonds, Recognizances, and other Securities whatsoever, taken or entred into by any of the loyal Party, for Payment of any Money whatsoever, upon their Compositions, or upon any other publick Occasion, in the time of the pretended Major-Generals, or any other of the usurped Powers, be brought in, cancelled, and made void; and that all Rent-Charges and Annuities, upon that Occasion forced from them, may be made void, and absolutely discharged; and that the Estates taken from such of them as would not compound, may be restored to them.

A Bill for inverting the King's Majesty with such Monies as have been secured for publick Uses, and not pardoned by the Act of Oblivion, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That the same be read again on Monday next.

Ordered, The Members of this House hereafter named be a Committee j

Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. DowdfSir Sol. Swale, Mr. Vice-Chamberlain, Mr. Ashburnham, Mr. Giles waves, Mr. Broom Whorwood, Sir Maurice Berkley, Sir Ben. Ayloff, Sir Geo. Reeve, Sir Phil. Mr. Tre-

lawney, Mr. Fra. Clerke, Mr. Waller, Sir Hen. Newton alias Puckering, Sir Rich.Onslow, Mr. Fane, Sir Edw. Walpoole, Sir Bayn.Throgmorton, Mr Mr. Rigby,

Mr. John Ijswther, Sir Antho. Irby, Sir Rob. Mr. Wm, Sandys, Mr. Secretary Morice, Colonel Sandys, Sir Jo. Sirangwayes, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Coryton, Mr. Com-

ptroller, Sir Cha. Cornwallis, Mr. Smith, Sir Adrian Scroop, Colonel I retcbvdl, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Puckering, Mr. Pryn, Sir Tho. , Sir Rob.

4 E Holt,

zp4 journals of the House of Commons*

Holt, Sir Jo. Goodrich, Sir Clem, Lord

Brevet on. Mr Morice, Mr. Milw Lord and

all the Gentlemen of this House who are of the Long Robe: And that they consider what Bills are now brought in or depending in this House , and which of them are necessary to be proceeded in, and to be passed before the Adjournmentj and to make Report to this House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir John Talbot this Day acquainted this House, That

the Serjeant who had arrested his Servant, and was now in Custody, had made his humble SubmiiTion.

Ordered, That he be discharged of his Imprisonment, paying his Fees.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Smith be added to the Committee of Privileges and Elections.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill against Tumults was committed, be revived.

Ordered, That the Committee for disbanding and paying of the Army and Navy do make their Report on T\uefday next.

Ordered, That the Persons under-named be added to the Committee, to whom the Examination of the Information against Mr. James Phillips is committed

Mr. Edw. Smith, Mr. Law. , Mr. Giles ford., Mr. Rob. Phillips, Mr. Edw. , Mr.

Hele, Sir Cha. Cornwallis, Mr. Chichley, Lord Brereton, Major-General Egerton, Mr. Strickland *

Mr. Speaker acquainted this House, That the Lord High Chancellor of England had signified his Majesty's Desire to adjourn about the Fifteenth, Sixteenth, Seventeenth, or ^Eighteenth Days of this Month; and that, if the publick Business now depending could not be fb soon dispatched, he would send to the Judges to defer the Circuits.

A Bill against Perjury was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, That this Bill be committed to the same Committee, to whom the Bill against Rogues and Vagabonds is . committed: And Sir Humphry Winch is to be added to the same Committee: And the Committee, to whom the Bill against Rogues, and Vagabonds, and Quakers, was committed, is revived.

Ordered, That the Bill against Pluralities be read on. Monday next.

And then the House adjourned till Seven a Clock on.

Monday Morning.

Ll/KcZy 8° Julii) 130 Car. Regis.

Prayers.

A Bill for confirming Four private Acts was this Day. read the First time.

Ordered, That the same be read again the Second rime

on Wednesday next.

A. Bill for enabling Lord Abergavenny to fell Lands, for Payment of Debts, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the same be committed to Mr. Sollicitor-General, Mr. Vice-Chamberlain, Sir Wm. Doyley, Sir Rich. Onslow, Sir Clem.

Mr. Lowther, Mr. Thurlaud, Sir Tho. , Mr. Sandys, Sir Edw. Branham, Mr. Clifton, Sir Tho. Woodcock, Sir Antho.Irby, Sir Jo. Hotbam, Mr. Morton, Mr. Early, Sir Jo. Covet, Mr. Attorney of the Duchy, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Prin, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Spencer, Mr. Jonathan Trelawney, Mr. Jo. ,. Mr. Rigby, Sir

Cha. Harbord, Mr. Broom Whorwood, Mr. , Mr. Lulfe, Mr. Ducket, Mr. Secretary Mom, Mr. Comptroller,

Mr. Torke, Sir Bain. Throgmorton, Sir Sol. Swale, Sir Richard Everard, Mr. Churchill, Sir Tho. Fanfhaw jun.

Colonel Sandis, Sir Geo. Reeve, Mr. Clifford, Sir Jo. Strangwayes, Sir Cha. Cornwallis, Sir Jo. Holland, Mr. Tompkins, Mr. Washington, Lord Ancram, Sir Rich. Bra-ham, Sir Tho. Leigh, Mr. Chetwind, Sir Rich, lngoljby. Lord Le De Spencer, Mr. Sam. Trelawney, Mr. Ghicbley, Sir Tho. Dolman, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Jay, Mr. , Mr. Win. Mountague, Mr. Edw. Phillips, Mr. Geo. tague, Mr. Walden, Mr. Milward, Mr. Wm. Coventry, Sir Hum. Winch, Sir Geo. Sandys, Mr. Jeffery,

Sir Jo. Goodrich, Sir Rob. Atkins, Sir Hen. North, Mr. Giles Strangwayes, Mr. Mallet, Mr. Ashburnham, Sir Henry Newton, Mr. Puckering, Sir Jo. Holland, NlrDaniell, Mr. Collins, Mr. Hen. Coventry, Mr. Tho. Coventry, Lord Brereton, Mr. Lewis Palmer, Sir Wm. Lewis, Mr. Good-rick, Mr. Clerk, Sir Jo. StrangMr. Morice, Sir Rob. Howard, Mr. John Newton, Mr. Faine, Mr. Taylor, and all the Members of this House that serve for the Counties of Kent and Sussex: And they are to meet this Afternoon in the Exchequer-Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And to take intoCcnfider-ation the Petition of Henry Nevill fen. Henry Nevill jun. and Edward Nevill, which was this Day read j and any other Petitions, of the like Nature.

Mr. Pryn having made Report from the Committee, to whom it was referred to fee which of the Bills depend-' ing in the House, and which were committed to Committees, were of moil Necessity to be proceeded in before the Adjournment,

Ordered, That these Bills following be proceeded in; viz- Bill for mending the Highways:

Bill against Tumults:

Bill for better providing Carriages for his Majesty:

Bill against Rogues and Vagabonds:

Bill against Quakers:

A Bill for Uniformity to Common Prayer, and Administration of the Sacraments:

A Bill for Pains and Penalties:

A Bill against Perjury:

Bill for the Militia:

A Bill for taking away Fines and Damage-clere:

Bill to invest the King with publick Monies:

Bill to moderate Interest to the Royal Party:

Bill for Allowance to Curates:

Bill against Pluralities:

Bill for Vicarages:

Bill for restoring Ecclesiastical Jurisoiftion t Bills concerning the Duchy Lands of Lancaster and Comewall.

Ordered, That the Bill, against killing Deer, this Day read the Second time, and upon the Question committed to a Committee, be added to the abovesaid Lift; to be proceeded in before the Adjournment.

Ordered, That the Bill for confirming publick Acts; and also the Bill for restoring Impropriations, Advowsons,-&c. be added to the said Lift of Bills, to be proceeded' in before the Adjournment.

Ordered, That the Bulinefies of the King's Majesty's Revenue be proceeded in, and reported, according to former Order, before the Adjournment.

Resolved, That the temporary Bill for the Fens be added to the Lift of Bills, to be proceeded in before the Adjournment.

Ordered, That, after this Afternoon, no Committee do fit on any private Bills, except such as are mentioned in, and by Order added to, the Lift before mentioned s until the said publick Bills, and private Bills, be dispatched.

Ordered, That such Committees, as are now ready to make Report of any private Bills to them committed, shall have Liberty to do the fame, notwithstanding the fore-laid Order.

Ordered, That it be referred to the said Committee, to' whom it was referred to make Report, what Bills were most necessary to be proceeded in before the Adjournment, to review the said Lift of those and such other Bills

as

u are ordered to be added thereto, arid rank arid place them, to be proceeded in, in such Order, as they shall think most necessary; and report the feme to the House Tomorrow Morning: And Sir 'Thomas Fanshaw the felder is added to the fad Committee.

A Bill against unlawful Killing of Deer was this Day toad the Second time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the same be committed to Mr. Hobby, Colonel Legg, Mr. , Mr. AttOrhey of the Duchy, Sir Geo. , Sir Fanshaw, Mr. Lowther, Sir Rob. Atkins, Mr. Smith, Mr. Clifton,

Lord Covendish, Sir Cha. Cornwallis, Sir Fran. Clerke;

Sir Allen Apjley, Lord Cornbury, Sir Maurice Berkley, Sir

Rich.Maleverer, Sir Geo. How, Sir Phil. Musgrave, Sir ‘Tho. Littleton, Mr. Morton, Sir Jo. Covet, Mr. Muf-grave, Mr . Hen. Seymour, Mr. Pryn, Colonel Fretchvill,

Mr. Henry Coventry, Mr. Street, Colonel Sandis, Sir Tho. Fanshaw]un. Sir Hen.North, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Se-

cretary Morice, Sir Tho. Smith, Sir Sir Hales, Sir Jo. Holland, Sir Geo. Reeve, Mr. Clark, Mr. Wren, Mr. Churchill, Nix. Wm. Coventry, Sir

Sir Rich. Everard, Sir Edw. Seymour, Sir Sir Ralph Ashton, Mr. Waller, Mr. Coryton, Sir Edw. Walpooli, Mr. Ashburnham, Sir Tho. Mr. Jeffery Palmer, Sir Wrh. Courtop, Sir Edm. Sir Jo.

Nicholas, Mr. Tompkins, Sir Rob. Howard, Sir Hen. Newton, Mr. Jo. Jones, Mr. Tho. Jones, Sir Jo. Duncombe, Sir Jo. Brampftoo, Mt. Clifford, Mr. Strickland, Mr. Lewis Palmer, Sir Rob. Holt, Sir Courtney Poole, Lord Cornbury, Mr. Nicholas, Sir Hump. Winch, Sir Phil. Howard, Mr. Newtonr Mr. Fane, Mr. Walden, Mr. Taylor, Sir

Swale, Lord Cavtndish, Lord Bruce: And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Edmond Peirce reports, from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Uniformity of publick Prayers, and Administrarionof Sacraments, was committed, several Amendments, arid an Addition, arid Proviso, to be added to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place *, and delivered in at the Clerk's Table, with the Bill: Which said Amendments were twice read.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said Amendments and Addition: And, upon reading of the said Provisoi the same was ordered to be amended at the Clerk's Table: And, being (b amended, was afterwards twice read.

Resolved, This House doth agree to the said Proviso: , And that the same be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the said Billj with the said Amendments, Addition, and Proviso added thereunto, be ingossed.

A Petkiori of Mr. John O whereby he desired, that the large Bible,* by him printed, might be recommended to be made use of in all Churches; and that Con-sideration might be had of the Fifty Pound voted to him, when he presented one of the said Bibles to the last Parliament Was this Day' read.

Ordered, That it be recommended to the Lord High Treasurer of England, to give Direction for the Satisfaction of the said-Fifty Pounds, to the said Mr. Ogleby, according to the' Cud Votes of the last Parliament.

Sir John Eaton, Gentlemari-Ulher of the Black Rod, came into this Houseand delivered the Messagefollowing: Mr. Speaker,

The King is come to the House of Peers; and commands this honourable House to attend him in the House of Peers.

Whereupon Mr. Speaker left the Chair: And, being attended by the Members of this House, did wait upon his Majesty in the said House of Peers.

And4 upon his Return, did make Report unto this House, That the King had made a gracious' Speech; wherein he had expressed his ardent Desire to pass the Act

for Coiifirmation of publick Acts, Wherein the Act of indemnity was included; and that all former Offences might be no more remembred, till a new Occasion should be given: And that it was his Majesty's Pleasure, that the publick Business might be dispatched so, as the House might be adjourned by the Twentieth of this Month: And that, in the mean time, this House would only intend the Dispatch of the publick Business.

Ordered, That the annexing the Book of Commoil Prayer to the Bill for Uniformity, and the obliterating the Two Prayers, inferred before the Reading Pfelms, be taken into Corifidetation Tomorrow Morhing.

The Petition of Mrs. Sarah Gardner was this Day read.

Ordered, That the same be taken into Corisideration, when the Bill for inverting his Majesty with Monies shall again come in Debate.

And the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, at Seven of the Clock.

Mar its, 90 Julti 13° Car. Regis.

Prayers.

f\Rdered, That the Committee, so whom the Lord AbttrgavendiPs Bill is committed, do fit, according t'O their Adjournment, this Afternoon; and so de die in diem, until they have perfected their Report.

Ordered, That the Petition of Sir ThoOnas Crew, touching his Election for the Town of Brackley in Nbrtbanrpton-shire, be referred to the Committee for Privileges and Elections: And they are to take the same into Consideration this Afternoon.

A Bill for Confirmation and Explanation of an Act for settling some of the Manors and Lands of the Earl of Clevland in Trustees, to be sold, for the Satisfying of the Debts of the said Earl, and of Thomas Lord Wentworth his Son, being ingossed, was this Day read the Third titnfe.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Bill do pass.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the Title of the said Bill shall be. An Act for Confirmation and Explanation of an Act for settling some of the Manors and Lands of the Earl of Clevland in Trustees, to be sold, for the Satisfying of the Debts of the said Earl, and of Thomas Lord Wentworth his Son.

And the Lord Bruce is to carry up the said Bill to the Lords.

Mr. Milward made Report, from the Committee, to whom Sir Henry Frederick Thin's Bill to fopply the De-fest in a Deed, and to have a Decree in Chancery for that Purpose confirmed, was committed, several Amendments to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; arid then delivered in the fame, with the Bill, at the Clerk's Table: Which said Amendments being severally twice read;

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said Amendments: And

Ordered, That the said Bill, so amended, be ingossed.

A Bill, ingossed, sent from the Lords, for settling the Manors of Knoll Seale and Kempjing in the County of Kent upon the Earl of Dorset and his Heirs, and charging the Manors of Berhall, Cowding, and other Lands, with a Rent-Charge of One hundred and Thirty Pounds a Year, in lieu thereof, being this Day read the Third time;

Resolved, That the several Amendments following be added to the former Amendments , viz. after the Words

James Rogers," in the Third Skin, Line 3 7, put in the Words " or any others."

In

In the Fifth Skin, Line 44, after the Word " James Day," put out the Word " and, " and put in the Word "or."

Refolded, That the Bill be returned to the Lords with the former and these Amendments: To which Amendments their Lordships Concurrence is to be desired.

And the Lord Bruce is to carry up the fame.

Serjeant Charletonreported, from the Committee of Pri-

vileges and Elections, That one Henry , being produced as a Witness at the said Committee, upon the Hearing of the Matter touching the Election of the Knights for the County of Nottingham, did, upon his Examination, use saucy Language, and deride the said Committee.

Resolved, That; the'Serjeant at Arms attending this J-Joule do apprehend and take into Custody the Lid Henry Rosse -, and bring him to the Bar of this House, to answer his said Miscarriage.

r

A Bill for the Uniformity of publick Prayers, and Administration of Sacraments, being ingrossed, was this Day read the Third time.

And a Book of Common Prayer, intituled, The Book of Common Prayer, and Administration of the Sacraments, and other Rites and Ceremonies of the Church of England, which was imprinted at London in the Year 1604, Was, at the Clerk's Table, annexed to the said Bill, Part of the Two Prayers inserted therein before the Reading Psalms being first taken out, and the other Part thereof obliterated.

And a Proviso, tendered to be added to the said Bill, being thrice read, was, upon the Question, laid aside.

Resolved, That the said Bill, with the said Book of Common Prayer so annexed, do pass.

Resolved, That the Title of the said Bill shall be. An Act for the Uniformity of publick Prayers, and: Administration of Sacraments.

A Bill for inverting the King's Majesty with such Monies as have been received for publick Uses, and not pardoned by the Act of Oblivion, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Bill be committed to the Committee appointed to examine the Business of the King's Majesty's Revenue: And all the Members that serve for North Wales, South Wales, and Cornwall, are added, to be of the Committee for this Bill: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And then this House resolved itself into a Grand Committee, to resume the Debate of the Bill for ordering the Forces of this Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left: the Chair.

Mr. Sollicitor-General took the Chair.

After which, Mr. Speaker again took the Chair.

And Mr. Sollicitor-General made Report, That the said Committee had made some Progress upon the said BtH.

And thereupon it was ordered. That this House would again resolve itself into a Grand Committee Tomorrow, at Nine of the Clock, to resume the further Debate of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Chairman of the Committee appointed to examine the Business of his Majesty's Revenue do make Report Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Committee for disbanding and paying of the Army and Navy do, in the next Place, make their Report Tomorrow Morning.

certain notorious Offenders, excepted out of the Act of Oblivion, is committed.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill, for. providing necessary Carriages for his Majesty in his Royal Progress, is committed, be revived.

Ordered, That the Execution of the Order of this House made for removing the Records belonging unto the King's-Bench into the Room over this House be suspended, till a View be taken of the said Room by some of the Members of this House, and this House shall take further Order therein.

And then this House adjourned till Seven of the Clock, Tomorrow Morning.

- Mercurii, 10 0 Julii, 130 1661.

Prayers.

SI R John Goodrich reports Amendments to the Bill of Sir John Mounson, for draining‘he Level of the Fens

upon the River Ancolne in Lifrom the Committee to whom the said Bill was committed, together with several Provisoes to be added, and made Part of the said Bill: Which Amendments and Provisoes being once read -,

Resolved, That the said Bill, with the several Amendments and Provisoes, be recommitted to the said Committee: Who are to meet Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, Witnesses, and Records.

Ordered, That the Matter upon the Bill, for enabling his Majesty to make Leases of Lands belonging to the.Duchy of Cornewall, be recommended to the Care of Sir Robert

Atkins, to fee it dispatched: And the Committee is to fit this Afternoon, at Three of the Clock.

Sir Edmund Peirfe reports Amendments to the Bill for Explanation of aClause, contained in an Act of Parliament made in the Seventeenth Year of the late King,

intituled, An Act for Repeal of a Branch of a Statute 1® Elizabeth', concerning Commissioners for Causes Ecclesiastical: Which Amendments being opened by the Reporter in his Place-, and brought up, and twice read at the Table j and a Proviso being found necessary to be added to the said Bill;

Ordered, That Mr. Sollicitor-General, Mr. Torke, Mr.' Thurland, Serjeant Charleton, Sir Herbottle Grimstone, Master of the Rolls, Doctor and Sir Robert At-

kins, do withdraw into the Speaker's Chamber, to pen a Proviso, to be added to the said Bill.

Sir lleneage Finch made Report from the said Committee, of a Proviso agreed upon to be added to the said Bill as also an Amendment to be made to the last Amendment reported: Which Proviso and Amendment being twice read, and agreed to;

Resolved, That the said Bill, with the several Amend-' ments and Proviso agreed to, be ingrossed.

Mr. Edward Seymour reports Amendments to the Bill for necessary. Carriages for his Majesty for his Royal Progress: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and afterwards, delivered in the same at the Clerk's Table: Which Amendments and Proviso being twice read at the Table; and, upon the Question, agreed to;

Resolved, That the Bill, with the said Amendments and Proviso, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the King's Majesty's Revenue be heard Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, ThatMr. Thurland be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill declaring the Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, to be imposed upon the Estates and Persons of

2

Ordered, That the Report from rife Committee for disbanding the Army and Navy be heard Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered,

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for inverting the King with Monies, as have been received for publick Uses, and not pardoned by the Act of Oblivion, was referred, be revived , and fit in the former Place this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock , and so de die in diem, till they have perfected their Report.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill declaring the Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, to be irh-posed upon the Estates and Persons of certain notorious Offenders exempted out of the Act of free and general Pardon, Indemnity, and Oblivion, was committed, do speed their Report without taking Notice of any Provi-foes or Petitions, or examining the Titles or Claims of any Persons pretending Interest in the said Offenders Estates, but what were particularly recommended to them by the former Order of this House.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for preventing the Mischiefs and Dangers that may arise by certain Persons called Quakers, and other Schismaticks; and to whom the Bill against Vagrants, and wandering, idle, dissolute Persons *, was also committed, be revived; and do fit in the Exchequer Chamber this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock.

Ordered, That the same Committee be likewise revived, as to the Bill against Perjury, which is committed to the same Committee-, and do fit upon the said Bill, at the Time and Place aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Evidence against Sir Arthur,

deceased, being one of the Persons excepted by the Act of Indemnity and Oblivion, as to Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, not extending to Life, be heard at the Bar Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock: Whereof his Majesty's Attorney-General is to have Notice, that he may come prepared accordingly.

Ordered, That the Bill for the Execution of certain Persons attainted of High Treason be read Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock, the First time.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Countess of Dorset, Pembrook, and M Bill is committed, be revived; and do fit in the former Place Tomorrow in the Afternoon; and so de die in diem, till they have perfected their Report.

And then the House adjourned till Eight of the Clock,

Tomorrow Morning.

Jovis, n* Julii, 130

Prayers.

A Bill for Confirmation of certain private Acts was this Day read the Second time.

Refolded', upon the Question, That the same be committed to Mr. Wm. Oakley, Mr. T, Sir Rich. flow, Sir Edmund Bowyer, Mr. , Colonel Legg, Mr. Long, Sir Phil. Warwick, Mr. Ashburnham, Sir Edmund Pooley, Sir Jo. Covett, Mr PuckerinSir

"Sir Geo. Sondis, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Edmund Peirfe, Mr. Goodrich, Mr. Font, Sir Cha. HarborSir Rich. Everard,

Sir Bayn. Throgmorton, Sir Rob. Atkins, Mr. Jay, Sir

Jordan Crojland, Sir Tho. Hebblethwait, Mr. Newton, Sir

Sol. Swale, Mr. Lowther, Sir Sir Wm. Doy-

ley, Mr. Wm. Mountague, Sir Geo. Reeve, Colonel Gilby, Sir Courtney Poole, Sir Hen. Newton alias Puckering, Mr. Knight, Sir Tho. Leigh, Lord Cajlleton, Colonel Windham, Mr. Gierke, Mr. Onslow, Sir Mr. Mor-

ris, Mr. Birch, Mr. Milward, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Taylor, Colonel Gray, Mr. Scott: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Greye's Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Petition of William Poe Esquire, complaining of the great Prejudice he received by a supposed Protection, which one William Harrison (who lives and hath his Family in Essex) pretends to have, as a menial Servant to Sir William Fenwick, one of the Kr.ights of the County of Northumberland, (who, by Leave of this House, is gone into the Country) be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to be read, and taken into Consideration this Afternoon.

Sir Philip Warwick reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for investing the King with Monies, Goods, and other things, received, levied, or collected, in these late Times, was committed, several Amendments: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place, and afterwards, delivered in the same at the Clerk's Table: Which said Amendments being severally twice read;

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said Amendments.

Resolved, That the said Bill, so amended, be ingrossld.

And Mrs. Gardiner's Cafe, as to the 2808 I. stated by the Committee of the Navy, as due to her Husband, for his Ship's Service; and the Order made in the last Parliament; being, by Order of this House, to be considered of, when the said Bill came into Debate v

Resolved, That this House doth humbly recommend her Cafe, as to her Debt, which hath been stated and allowed by the last Parliament, and the then Council, unto his Sacred Majesty; to take the same into his gracious Consideration.

Sir Philip Warwick reports, from the Committee, to

whom the ingrossed Bill, lent from the Lords, against Tumults and Disorders, upon Pretence of preparing or presenting publick Petitions, or other Addresses to his Majesty, or the Parliament, was committed, several Amendments to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place *, and afterwards, delivered in the same at the Clerk's Table: Which laid Amendments being severally twice read }

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said Amendments.

And the said Bill, with the said Amendments, being read the Third time

Resolved, That the said Bill, with the said Amendments, do pass.

And Sir Philip Warwick is to carry up to the Lords the said Bill, with the said Amendments; and to desire their Concurrence to the said Amendments.

Ordered, That the Bill against unlawful killing of Deer be recommitted to the same Committee, to whom it was formerly committed: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. And the Persons undernamed are added to the said Committee; Mr. Broome Whorwood, Mr. Wm. Mountague, Mr. Geo. Mountague, Sir Chichester Wray, Serjeant Lord

Cajlleton, Sir Bayn. Throgmorton.

Ordered, That the Report, from the Committee, to whom the Bill against Quakers was committed, be heard the first publick Business Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom Sir Robert Howard's Bill was committed, be heard Tomorrow Morning.

Serjeant Charleton reports, in the same of Camelford, That the Mayor, being pressed to bring in Writings, he fays, he will take his own Time.

Resolved, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, or his Deputy, do apprehend and take the Mayor of Camelford into his Custody, for his Contempt of the Order of the Committee of Privileges in not bringing in Writings.

4 F

Mr.

Mr. Pryn made Report unto this House, from the Commissioners for disbanding the Army, and discharging the Navy of the Pay and Entertainment due and in Arrear to the Officers and Soldiers of the Army and Garisons in England and Scotland, appointed by Act of Parliament to be disbanded -, as also what Monies had been issued by the Treasurers of the Assessments and Poll-Money, for paying off and disbanding the said Forces: And delivered in an Abstract thereof, and of the necessary Charges expended in and about that Service, fairly written, at the Clerk's Table.

Sir William Doyley likewise made Report unto this House,

From the said Commissioners, of the Wages, Pay, and Entertainment, due and in Arrears, to the Commanders, Officers, Mariners, and Seamen of the Eight Ships, of the Sixty-five Ships, and of the Thirty-six Ships, appointed to be paid off and discharged , that is to say, for Men borne upon each Ship, and Men paid off upon Tickets j and of the necessary Charges and Expences in performing that Service, until the Two-and-twentieth Day of June inclusive: And delivered in an Abstract thereof, fairly written, at the Clerk's Table.

Colonel Birch also made Report, from the said Commissioners, That, as to the Land Forces, the Account was in effect closed , but, as to the Navy, there was a great Debt yet remaining: That the Eight Ships, and the Sixty-five Ships, and Twenty-six of the Thirty-eight Ships, were, in effect, discharged, as to Men borne and that the Tickets of the Eight Ships were paid off-, and that all, or the greatest Part of the Tickets of the Sixty-five Ships, will be, in effect, paid off, as this Day -, and that the Tickets of the Twenty-six Ships were, in effect, paid: But of the Twelve Ships, residue of the said Thirty-eight Ships, all, or the greatest Part, were still to be paid off; which would require a great Sum of Money: Towards the Satis faction whereof, he reported several Arrears of the Assessments and Poll-Money to be yet unpaid.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for the Army and Navy do prepare Letters to be sent for bringing in the Arrears of the said Assessments and Poll-Money , and also for such Sheriffs as have not returned in the Duplicates of their Accounts of the Poll-Money, forthwith to do the fame.

Ordered, That Letters be likewise prepared to be sent to the several Receivers and Treasurers of the said Assessments and Poll-Money, to give an Account of the Monies in their Hands, and of the Times when they received the fame.

And Mr. Speaker is authorized to sign all the said Letters.

Ordered, That the several Auditors do, on next,

bring in their Certificates of all such Monies as are still remaining due or payable to the Navy, and, in particular, for Quarters and Cures of sick and wounded Seamen, to any Town or Corporation, as well set on Shore out of his Majesty's Ships, as sent out of Flandersand for any Monies, Cloaths, Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, that have been paid, or should by any publick Minister, Officer, or other Person, to any Commander, Officer, or Seamen, of the aforesaid Ships, upon Account of their Pay, since the 14th of March 1658; and what is due to any Ship-keepers and Officers, on Shore, in the Yards and Store-houses, from the 14th of March 1648 to the 24. of June 1660; and what Monies are due to Victuallers, from the said 14th March 1658 to the Day of the several Ships discharged, for as many of the said Ships as are out of Employment , and to the 24th June 1660, for the remaining Part of the Navy in his Majesty's Service, as a Winter-Guard; and what just Debts are due to any Person for any Pay, Provision, Maintenance of Prisoners, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Stores, Ammunitions, and other Necessaries fold, and delivered to and for the Use of die Navy aforesaid.

Sir Jiff ryPalmer his Majesty's Attorney-General, and Sir John Olm one of his Majesty's Serjeants at Law, being 2

brought into this House, by the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, took their Place at the Side Bar: And, by the Testimony of several Witnesses, and by the Journals of the late pretended Rump-Parliament, and pretended Council of State, did make it evidendy appear unto this House,

That Sir Arthur Hajlerig, in the Year 1648, was in

Arms, and Governor of Newcastle and , against

his late Majesty, of blessed Memory, and his Majesty that now is ",

That, in the same Year, he having taken Prisoner one of the late King's Party, told him, that he would serve them all as his Matter should be served, before Three Months came about: That he deferred Death for serving such a Man as the late King: But, for Pity of his Youth, and his Friends fake, he would lave his Life and fend him to the Barbadoes:

That he fold him, and others of that Party, to the Number of Eighty, for the Barbadoes; and shipped them for that Place:

And that he used the Scots Prisoners, taken at,

in such barbarous and horrid Manner, that they perished for Hunger, and were not admitted to have any Relief: That, for about a Week before, and a Week after the late King's Life was taken away, he doubled his Guards at Newcastle:

That he declared, they were bringing the King to Trial; and rejoiced when it was done , and said, that there should never be a King any more:

That, after his late Majesty's Death, he received from the pretended Speaker a Commission to be Colonel of a Regiment of Foot, and Captain of a Troop of Horse: That, the 14th of March 1648, he made a Report, to the then pretended Parliament, from the Committee for drawing an Act touching pretended Delinquents:

That his Sacred Majesty, that now is, and his High-nels the Duke of York his Brother, should be prOscribed as Enemies to the Commonwealth, and die without Mercy, wheresoever they should be found within this Nation:

That he after took the Oath for renouncing the Title of his Sacred Majesty that now is, and the whole Line of King James, to the Crown or Government of these Three Nations; and for opposing the bringing in, or setting up, of any single Person, or House of Lords:

That, in January 1649, avowed the then pretended Parliament to be the Supreme Authority of the Nation j . And, in a furious Manner, kicking back his Chair, when some from the Court of Aldermen and Common-Council of London came to him with some loyal Resolutions, declared, that it should be his Advice, that the Army (which he boasted to be Thirty thousand) should block up the Avenues of the City of London, and make them fight for every Bit of Bread they should eat -, and that the Horse should come with Fire in their Hands, to burn their Houses to Allies , and several other Particulars of like Nature.

Resolved, upon the Question, Nemine That this House, upon the Evidence now heard, is of Opinion, and doth declare, That Sir Arthur Hajlerig was guilty of High Treason.

Resolved, upon the Question, Nemine contradicente. That all the Estate, real and personal, of the said Sir Arthur Hajlerig, be confiscate and forfeited, for his said

Treason.

Resolved, That the Name of Sir Arthur , with the Matter of these Votes, (to distinguish him from the other Persons therein named) be inserted into the Bill for declaring the Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, to be in-flidled upon the notorious Offenders therein named, which are excepted out of the Act of Indemnity.

Resolved, That an Address be made to his Majesty, from this House, by Petition, to restore die Estate of Sir Arthur Hajlerig, in pursuance of the Duke of Albemarle's Engagement.

Resolved, That it be referred to the Persons hereunder-named, to prepare and bring in a Draught of the said Petition Tomorrow Morning -, Mr. Waller, Sir Allen Apfey,

Serjeant

Serjeant Charleton, Sir Robert Mr. , Mr.

Lowther, Sir Holland', Sir Thomas , Mr.

Churchill, Serjeant Keeling, Mr. Bunckley: And to that End, they are to meet this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock- in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. a Member of this House,

have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

And then the House adjourned till Seven of the Clock, Tomorrow Morning.

Veneris, 12° yulii, iGzr. Regis.

Prayers.

MR. Torke reports, from the Committee, to whom the Bill for restoring all such Advowsons, Rectories Impropriate, Glebe Lands, and Tythes, to his Majesty's loyal Subjects, as were taken from them upon their Composition, by the late usurped Powers, was committed, several Amendments to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Which said several Amendments being twice read, were, upon the Question, agreed unto.

Resolved, That the said Bill, with the said Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Four ingrossed Bills now lying upon the Table be read Tomorrow Morning $ whereof That for his Majesty's Carriages, in the First Place; and the Bill for restoring Ecclesiastical Jurisdictions, in the Second Place.

Sir Robert Atkins reports, from the Committee, to whom the Bill against unlawful Killing of Deer was re-committed, several Amendments to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and delivered in at the Clerk's Table, with the Bill: Which said Amendments being severally twice read, and agreed unto;

Resolved, That the said Bill, so amended, be ingrossed.

Mr. Crouch made Report, from the Committee, to ' whom the Bill for preventing the Mischiefs and Dangers that may arise by certain Persons called Quakers, and other Schismaticks, was committed, several Amendments to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and then delivered in at the Clerk's Table: And the said Amendments being severally twice read; and much Debate being had, touching some Alterations and Additions, to be made therein;

Resolved, That the said Bill and Amendments be recommitted to the former Committee; who are to consider of the whole Subject-Matter of the Debate: And they are to meet this Afternoon in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for Angel Grey to hold the Lands of Sir John Danvers, till he receive Three thousand Pounds with Damages, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That the same be read again the Second time on Monday next.

Resolved, That Mr. Refs, being now in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House for his Mif-carriages at the Committee of Privileges and Elections, be discharged of His Imprisonment, pacing his Fees.

Sir Robert Atkins reports, from the Committee for In-speftion and Examination of his Majesty's Revenue, and the Particulars proposed to make it up, and the Defeats thereof, and by what Means it may be belt and most effectually supplied, That the said Committee had conferred with the Officers of the Custom and Excise, and his Majesty's Surveyor General, and the Auditors oi the Revenue,

2 99

and others, who were best able to give Information concerning the Particulars, whereof his Majesty's Revenue, was to be made up; and had considered what the Excise and Customs had yielded, both when the same were farmed, and before and since: And that, according to the belt Information they could receive, they found the former Report made unto this House of the several Particulars of his Majesty's Revenue, and the Defeats thereof, to be very faithfully related; and, upon the General, were of the same Opinion with him, that the Defeats thereof amounted to near Three hundred thousand Pounds; and that new Powers should be added for the better bringing in of the Revenue.

After much Debate thereof,

Resolved, upon the Question, That this House will. Tomorrow at Nine of the Clock, resolve itself into a Grand Committee, to consider of the Advance and Increase of his Majesty's Revenue.

Ordered, That* the Committee, to whom the Bill fofr dividing die Two Hundreds of Dudson and Kings Barton from the County of the City of Gloucester was committed, be revived; and do fit in the former Place Tomorrow in the Afternoon, according to their Adjournment; notwithstanding the Order since made, " That no private Business shall be proceeded in."

Ordered, That a Committee be named to examine and make Inquiry touching the Authors, Printers, and Pub-lifhers of a seditious Paper, intituled, " Summary Realbns, humbly tendered to die most honourable House of Peers, by some Citizens and Members of London, &c." And that the same be committed to Sir Tho. Fanfhaw, Sir Jo. Dun-comb, Sir Rich. Ford, Mr. Clifford, Sir Sol. Szvale, Sir Edmund Peirfe, Mr. Edward Seymour, Sir Rob. Atkins, Sir Cha. Harbord, Mr. Churchill, Doctor Birkenhead, Sir

Cha. Cornwallis, Mr. Stafford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An Act for confirming and continuing an Act therein mentioned, and intituled, An Act for the necessary Maintenance of the Work of draining the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, was this Day read the Second time.

And a Proviso for the Preservation of his Majesty's Interest in Ten thousand Acres thereof was twice read.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Bill and Proviso be committed to the same Committee, to whom the Bills concerning the said Great Level, are committed: And they are to meet this Afternoon in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the passing of this Act shall be without Prejudice to the Right of the old Adventurers, or to the Country, or any who are concerned in the said Level.

Ordered, That the Counsel of the old and new Adventurers, and of the Country, and any other Persons who are concerned, or claim any Interest, in the said Bedford Level, or are prejudiced thereby, be heard at the Bar of this House the Second Monday, in the next Meeting of this Parliament after this Recess.

Ordered, That Bernard Greenvile Esquire be added to the Committee of Privileges.

Ordered, That the Report of the Bill against Quakers be heard Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Rigby, one of the Members of this House, have Leave to go into the Country.

Ordered, That Mr. Street, one of the Members of this House, have Leave to go into the Country.

Upon Information that one Robert Shaw had caused Jofe‘h Garthwayte, Servant to Sir Charles Harbord, a Member of this House, to be arrested by one Richard George Bailiff, and ins Servant;

Ordered,

of the House of Commons. A. I

300 Journals

Ordered, Th. t the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, or his Deputy, do apprehend and take into Cu-ltody the said Robert Shaw, Richard , and Thomas

Dawes, for their Breach of the Privilege of this House, in arresting the said Joseph Ga

Ordered, That Mr. Samuel one of the Mem-

bers of this House, have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

Ordered, That Mr. Arthur Stanhope, one of the Members of this House, have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Child and Sir Woolrich-,

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you Two Bills , one intituled, A Bill for confirming, of an Inclosure of Land, formerly used for a Common Highway from Creen to Southfeild in Fulham, and the Settling of other Land for a Common Highway there, in lieu thereof; and the other intituled, A Bill for the Naturalizing of Francis Brudenell Esquire, Son and Heir apparent of the Right Honourable Robert Lord Brudenell, and of the Right Honourable Anna Maria Countess of Daughter

of the said Lord Brudenell, and now Wife of the Right Honourable Francis Eiarl of Shrewsbury To which they desire the Concurrence of this House: And they do concurr to the Alterations you made in the Earl of Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Seven of the Clock, Tomorrow Morning.

Sabbati, 130 Julii, 130 Regis.

Prayers.

A Bill for the satisfying and paying the Debts due to the Inhabitants of the Town and Port of Dover, Sandwich, and Deale, a Member thereof, which they claim for Quarters and Cures of sick and wounded Seamen and Soldiers, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That the same be read again the Second time on Monday next.

Ordered, That Sampson Bond, being in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, for his Breach of Privilege in delivering a Certiorari to Mr. Pendarvis, one of the Members of this House, be enlarged of his Imprisonment, paying his Fees.

A Bill for Confirmation of the Office of Register of Sales and Pawns made to retailing Brokers in London and Westminster, and Places adjacent, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read again the Second time on Monday next.

Ordered, That Thomas Taylor, being in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, for his Breach of Privilege in arresting a Servant of Sir Robert Barnbam, one of the Members of this House, (to whom he had made his Submission) be enlarged of his Imprisonment, paying his Fees.

A Bill for providing necessary Carriages for his Majesty in his Royal Progress, and in his Removals, being ingrafted, was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, upon die Question, That the said Bill do pass. Resolved, That the Title of the said Bill shall be, A Bill toF providing necessary Carriages for his Majesty in his Royal Progress, and in his Removals.

And Mr. Edward Seymour is to carry up the said Bill to the Lords.

A Bill for Explanation of aClause contained in an Act of Parliament made in the Seventeenth Year of the late King Charles, intituled, An Act for Repeal of a Branch of a

Statute of the First of Elizabeth, concerning Commissioners for Causes Ecclesiastical, being ingrafted, was this Day read the Third time.

And the Preamble of the said Bill being amended at the Clerk's Table, the same was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed upon.

Anci a Provilb being tendered to be added to the said Bill, the same was, upon the Question, laid aside.

Resolved, That the said Bill, so amended, do pass.

Resolved, That the Title of the said Bill shall be, An Act of Explanation of a Clause contained in an Act of Parliament made in the Seventeenth Year of the late King Charles, intituled, An Act for Repeal of a Branch of a Statute 1. of Elizabeth, concerning Commissioners for Causes Ecclesiastical.

And Sir Philip Warwick is to carry up the said Bill to the Lords.

A Bill for declaring, vesting, and settling of all such Monies, Goods, and other Things, in his Majesty, which were received, levied, or collected, in these late Times, and are remaining in the Hands or Possession of any Treasurers, Receivers, Collectors, or others, and not pardoned by the Act of Oblivion, being ingrafted, was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, That the said Bill do pass.

Resolved, That the Word " declaring" be inserted before the Word " vesting," in the Beginning of the Title v and that these Words, " and not pardoned by the Act of Oblivion," be inserted after the Word " others," in die End of the Tide:

And that the Tide of the said Bill shall be. An Act for declaring, vesting, and settling of all such Monies, Goods, and ether Things, in his Majesty, which were received, levied, or collected, in these late Times, and are remaining in the Hands or Possession of any Treafu-rers, Receivers, Collectors, or others, and not pardoned by the Act of Oblivion.

And Sir Philip Warwick is to carry up the fad Bill to

the Lords.

A Bill for settling the Manor and Lands of in Sir Henry Frederick Tbynne, and the Heirs of his Body, and the Manor of Buckland, and divers other Manors and Lands, in him, and the Heirs Males of his Body, being ingrafted, was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Bill do pals.

Resolved, That the Title of the said Bill shall be. An Act for settling the Manor and Lands of Kemisford in Sir Henry Frederick Thinn, and the Heirs of his Body, and the Manor of Buckland, and divers other Manors and Lands, in him, and the Heirs Males of his Body.

A Bill for the restoring all such Advowsons, Rectories Impropriate, Glebe Lands, and Tythes, to his Majesty's loyal Subjects, as were taken from them, and making void certain Charges imposed on them upon their Compo-fitions for Delinquency by the late usurped Powers, being ingrafted, was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, That the said Bill do pass.

Resolved, That the Title of the said Bill shall be, A Bill for the restoring all such Advowsons, Rectories Impropriate, Glebe Lands, and Tythes, to his Majesty's loyal Subjects, as were taken from them, and making void certain Charges imposed on them upon their Compositions for Delinquency by the late usurped Powers.

And Mr. Edward Seymour is to carry up the said Bill to the Lords.

A Bill to prevent the unlawful Coursing, Hurting, or Killing of Deer, being ingrafted, was this Day read the Third time.

A Proviso was brought in and tendered to be added to the said Bill.

Resolved, That the Subject-Matter of this Debate be adjourned till Monday Morning: And Mr. Mountague, Sir Thomas Fanfhaw, Colonel Legg, Serjeant Charleton, Sir

Robert

Robert Atkins, Mr. Vaughan, Sir and Mr.

Bunkley, are to prepare a Proviso agreeable to the Sense of the House, upon this Debate.

Ordered, That the Bill, sent from the Lords, for the Naturalization of Mr. Brudenell, and the Countess of bury his Sifter, be read on Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Mayor of , being in the

Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for not bringing in Writings to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, be, upon his Conformity, discharged from his Imprisonment, paying his Fees.

And then the House resolved into a Grand Committee, to take into Debate the Advance and Increase of his Majesty's Revenue; according to the Order, which was Yesterday made.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair: And Sir Robert Atkins took the Chair: And, after much Debate thereupon had,

Mr. Speaker again took the Chair: And Sir Robert Atkins made Report, That the Committee of the whole House, after long and serious Debate, had made these Resolves:

That the Way of advancing his Majesty's Revenue be, by a general Charge upon all Beer and Ale:

That this additional Charge upon all Beer and Ale shall be levied by way of Poll: And

That it was the Desire of the said Committee, that this House might again resolve into aGrand Committee, on Monday next, at Nine of the Clock, to settle the Proportions.

Whereupon it was resolved. That this House shall adjourn itself into a Grand Committee, on Monday next, at Nine of the Clock, to settle the said Proportions.

Ordered, That Mr. 'Thomas one of the Mem-

bers of this House, have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

This Ploufe being informed, that one John had

scandalously affirmed of Mr. , one of the Mem-

bers of this House, that none but Knaves and Rogues chose him; and that he was born a Rogue; and would die one;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, or his Deputy, do apprehend the said John Browne, and bring him up in Custody to the Bar of this House, to answer his said Misdemeanor.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Lord Abergavenny' % Bill is committed, do make their Report on Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Seven of the Clock,' Tomorrow Morning.

Lance, 150 Julii, 130

Prayers.

A Bill for naturalizing Francis Brudenell Esquire, and Anna Maria Countess of was this

Day read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Richard Everard reports, from the Committee, to whom the Bill for confirming private Acts was committed. That the Committee had considered thereof, and thought not fit to make any Amendments.

Resolved, That the said Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Heath, his Majesty's Attorney of the Duchy, reports from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Confirmation of the Estates of several Tenants and Copyholders

301

of the Manors of Rannes, was committed, several Amendments to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and afterwards, delivered in the fame, with the Bill, at the Clerk's Table: Which several Amendments being twice read; and, upon the Que-ftion, agreed to;

An additional Enabling Clause was tendered, to be added to the said Bill; For the Tenants and Copyholders of the Manor of Newcastleunder: Which being also read; and, upon the Question, agreed to;

Resolved, That the Bill, with the said Amendments and the said additional Clause, be ingossed.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Atkins do take care to bring in a Proviso, to be added to the Bill against unlawful Killing and Hunting of Deer, Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Mallet reports, from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling John Lord Abergavamy to fell certain Lands for Payment of his Debts, and Preferment of his Brothers and Sifters, was committed. That the said Committee saw no Cause to make any Amendments to the said Bill: And that those who were next in Remainder did consent diercto; but that some who had a remote contingent Remainder, did oppose the fame.

Resolved, That the said Bill be read the Third time To-morow Morning.

A Bill for the satisfying and paying the Debts due to the Inhabitants of the Town and Poit of Dover, Sandwich, and Deale, a Member thereof, which they claim for Quarters and Cures of sick and wounded Seamen and Soldiers, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the same be laid aside, till those who brought in the Bill, have better advised of the Mi flake therein alleged; whereby they pretended, that the Auditors stated their Accounts from the 14th of March 1658, whereby they are deprived of a v\ry great Sum of Money, justly clue unto them, for the same Matters and Things for about Nine Months before; which, as this House was now informed, was no Miftuke at all, but done upon mature Deliberation.

Sir John Brampjton reports, from the Committee... for Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, was committed, several Amendments to the said Bill.

And die Three first Amendments, being put to the Question, passed in the Negative.

And the rest of the Amendments being severally twice read;

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said Amendments.

And a Proviso, on the Behalf of John Lord Marquis of Winchester, being reported from the Committee; and

severally twice read;

This House agree thereunto.

Another Proviso being also tendered to be added to the said Bill, on the Behalf of the Lord Craven, for Saving, *

Another Proviso, for the Indemnity of the Executors and Administrators of the dead Persons whole Estates are forfeited, being twice read

Resolved, That this House doth agree thereunto. Another Proviso being reported from the said Committee, on the Behalf of Sir William Lewys Baronet, one of the Members of this Housethe same was twice read. Resolved, That this House doth agree thereunto.

This House, being, on Friday last, informed of a scandalous andfeditious printed Paper, or Pamphlet, intituled, " Summary Reasons, humbly tendered to the most honourable House of Peers, by some Citizens and Members of London, and other Cities, Boroughs, Corporations, and Ports, against the new-intended Bill for governing and reforming Corporations," did appoint a Committee to examine and make Inquiry touching the Author, Printers, and Publishers thereof.

4 G And,

Cnnqk

And, upon Report this Day made, by Mr. of the Examination and Evidence before the Committee, touching the said seditious Pamphlet thereupon,

Mr. Pryn being present , and confessing himself to be the Author thereof; and that he had cauled the same to be printed;

And being thereupon ordered to withdraw;

The House proceeded in Debate of the Matter: And

It was Resolved, upon the Question, That the fad printed Paper, intituled, " Summary Reasons, humbly tendered to the most honourable House of Peers, by some Citizens and Members of Lond, and other Cities, Boroughs, Corporations, and Ports, against the new-intended Bill for governing and reforming Corporations," is an illegal, false, scandalous, and leditious Pamphlet.

Resolved, That Mr. Pryn be called in to his Place, to receive the Represension and Censure of the House, for contriving the said Pamphlet, and causing it to be printed.

And Mr. Pryn being accordingly called in; and being in his Place;

Mr. Speaker did then acquaint him with the Judgment of the House; and gave him a grave and fevtre Represension.

Whereupon Mr. Prynn did, with much Ingenuity and Reverence to the House, declare his humble Submission to, and Concurrence with, the Censure and Judgment of the House upon the said printed Paper; and his hearty Sorrow for his Offence: And did render humble Thanks to the House for their Mercy and Favour to him, above his Desert.

Resolved, upon the Question, That this House, being well satisfied with the Demeanor and Acknowledgment of Mr. Prynn, doth remit his Offence.

Ordered That these Votes and Proceedings be forthwith printed and publi filed.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Coventry do go to the Lords, to put them in mind of the Bill for well-governing and regulating of Corporations; and to desire, that they will give a Dispatch {hereunto, that the same may pass before die Recess.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Lewen and

Sir Wolrich Knights, Two of the Mailers of the Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have fentyou a Bill, intituled, An Act for the establishing Articles and Orders for the Regulating and better Government of his Majesty's Navies, Ships of War, and Forces by Sea.

Which being reported to the House by Mr. Speaker;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

A Commission, authorizing Mr. Speaker, and several Members of this House, to take the Subscriptions of their Fellow-Members for a free, a voluntary Present to his Majesty; and appointing Commissioners for collecting and receiving the Monies arising and accruing by such Subscriptions; being sent to Mr. Speaker; and he having made the House acquainted therewith;

Ordered, That this House do meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon, in order to the putting of the said Commission in [effectual] Execution.

And then the House adjourned (till Seven of the

Clock,] Tomorrow Morning.

Mart is, 16° Julii, 130 Car. Regis.

Prayers.

A Bill for Confirmation of the Office of the Register of Sales and Pawns, made to retailing Brokers in London and Westminster, and Places adjacent, was this Day

read the Second time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the same be committed to Mr. Fane, Sir Ant ho. , Lord Offory, Lord

Alter am, Lord Rich. Butler, Sir Rich. Everard, Sir Gil-

bert Gerard, Mr. Scudamore, Sir Tho. , Captain Jones, Mr. Hen. Coventry, Mr. Torke, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Jay, Sir Fho. Allen, Mr. Jolliff, Sir Rob. Atkins, Colonel Sandys, Sir Hen. Newton, Mr. Morris, Lord Sir Rob. Holt, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Lewis Palmer, Sir Clem. Throgmorton, Colonel Edw. Phillips, Sir James Mr. Jo. Trelawney, Mr. Law. Hyde, Mr. Packer, Sir

Talbot, Sir Tho. Lee, Colonel Gilby, Lord Bruce, Lord Cornbury, Colonel Edgerton, Mr. Clifford, Mr. Churchill, Mr. Coriton, Sir IVm. Haward, Sir Jo. Covert, Broom Whorwood Esquire, Mr. Lucy, Mr. Sir Jo.

Strangwayes, Mr. IVm. Coventry, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Robinson, Sir Bay. Throgmorton, Mr. Tho. Coventry, Mr. Attorney of the Duchy, Mr. IVm. Sandys, Mr. Hen. Newton, Mr. Jo.Newton, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Jordan Crofland, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Cook, Colonel Shackerly, Mr. Jeoffery Palmer, Mr. Edw. Phillips, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Wren, Mr. Lewknor, Sir Tho.Hele, Mr. Edw. Smith, Sir

Robert Howard, Mr. Hollis, Mr. Chetwind, ..... Stone-house. Lord Cavendish, Mr. Torke, and all the Members of this House that serve for the Cities of London, minster, and the County of Middlesex: And they are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for the Naturalizing Francis Brudenell Esquire, and Anna Maria Countess of Shrewflury, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the same be committed to Lord Ancram, Mr. Comptroller, Colonel Windham, Mr. Hen. Coventry, Lord Cavendish, Mr. Moreton,

Sir Antho. Irby, Mr. Bunckley, Sir Tho. Leigh, Mr. Law. Hide, Sir Hen. Newton, Lord Rich. Butler, Mr.

Sir Robert Atkins, Mr. Oldfeild, Sir Sol. Swale, Mr. Churchill, Mr. Waller, Sir Philip Howard, Mr. Fane, Mr. Francis Windham, Sir Jo. Talbot, Lord Herbert, Mr. Wm. Coventry, Mr. Scudamore, Mr. Scot, Mr. Wm. Sandys, Sir Geo. Carterett, Sir M Lord Offory,

Mr. Newton, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Seamor, Sir Adrian Scroop, Mr. Clifford, Sir Jo. Duncomb, Sir Phil. Warwick: And they are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber, at Two of the Clock this Afternoon: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, for establishing Articles and Orders for the Regulating and better Government of his Majesty's Navies, Ships of War, and Forces by Sea, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That the same be read again the Second time on Thursday next.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, for to enable John Lord Abergevenny, Son and Heir of Henry late Lord Abergevenny, to fell certain Lands for Payment of his Debts, and Preferment of his Brother and Sifters, was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, That this House doth give their Assent to the said Bill; and that the same be returned to the Lords, as agreed unto.

Ordered, That the Bill for Angell Grey, to hold the Lands of Sir John Danvers, till he receive Three thousand Pounds, with Damages, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Dennis reports, from the Committee, to whom the Bill for confirming and continuing an Act for the necessary Maintenance of the Work of draining the Great Level of the Fens was committed, some Amendments to the said Bill; and a Proviso to be made Part thereof: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and afterwards, delivered in the same at the Clerk's Table, together with the said Bill: Which said Amendments, and Proviso, being severally twice read;

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said Amendments, and Proviso; and that the Bill, with the said Amendments, and Proviso, be ingrossed.

Ordered,

Ordered, That Mr. Swanlon, being Clerk of the Assizes for the Western Circuit, have the Leave of this House to go into the Country, to attend the publick Service.

Sir John Brampston reports, from the Committee, to whom the Bill for declaring the Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, to be imposed upon the Estates and Persons of certain notorious Offenders, excepted out of the Act of free and general Pardon, Indemnity, and Oblivion, was recommitted, several new Amendments relating to Sir Arthur Hqflerig, and a Saving, and Three Provisoes to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and afterwards, delivered in the fame, with the Bill, at the Clerk's Table: Which said Amendments being twice read; this House agreed thereunto: And the Saving to all the Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, in Law or Equity, which they have to any of the Premises, not being in Trust for-any of the Offenders, nor derived by, from, or under them, since the Twenty-fifth of March 1646, was, upon the Reading, amended; and after, twice read and agreed unto: And a Proviso for Cuthbert Wood, and George Collingwood , and another for Rachel Power; and another for Barrington Boucher; were all severally twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

And another Proviso, tendered, on the Behalf of the Right Reverend Father in God the Lord Bishop of Du-refne, being read; was, upon the Question, laid aside: And

Resolved, upon the Question, That this Bill, with the several Amendments and Provisoes this Day and Yesterday agreed unto, and made Part thereof, be ingrossed.

A Petition to his Sacred Majesty on the Behalf of the Children of Sir Arthur Hajlerig, in pursuance of the former Vote of this House, was this Day read; and amended in some Particulars: And

Resolved, upon the Question, That this House doth agree to the said Petition, so amended; which Petition followeth in these Words And

Ordered, That when the said Bill for the declaring the Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, to be imposed upon the Estates and Persons of certain notorious Offenders, excepted out of the Act of free and general Pardon, Indemnity, and Oblivion, be sent up to the Lords, the said Petition be also sent up therewith: And that the Concurrence of the Lords be desired both to the said Bill and Petition.

Ordered, That Mr. Goddard, one of the Members of

this House, have Leave to go into the Country.

A temporary Bill, for settling the Militia in the Kingdom of England, Dominion of , and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That the same be now read again the Second

time.

And the same being read the Second time;

Resolved, That the same be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Whereupon Mr. Speaker left the Chair: And

Mr. Milwardtook the Chair: And after a full Debate

thereupon had,

Mr. Speaker again took the Chair: And

Mr. Milward made Report of several Amendments made in the said Bill; and a Proviso to be added thereunto: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and afterwards, delivered in the fame, with the said Bill, at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Amendments being severally twice read j were, upon the Question, agreed unto.

And the Proviso being, " That this Act should not, after the Twenty-fifth of March next, be prejudicial to any County, City, or Place, within this Kingdom, which are over-charged with Men and Arms beyond their ancient Proportoin

The same was twiceread; and amended; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

And it being debated. That this Act should not give Power to transport any of the Subjects of this Realm, or any way compell them to march out of this Kingdom; *

Mr. Pryn made Report, from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the further suppressing of Perjury and Subornation of Perjury was committed, several Amendments, and a Proviso to be added thereunto: Which he read, with die Coherence, in his Place; and afterwards, delivered in the fame, with the Bill, at the Clerk's Table: Which being severally twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto;

Resolved, That the said Bill, with the said Amendments and Proviso, be ingrossed.

Mr. Crouch reports, from the Committee, to whom the Bill for preventing the Mischiefs and Dangers that may arise by certain Persons called Quakers was re-committed, several other Amendments, besides those formerly reported, and a Proviso to be added to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and afterwards, delivered in the fame, with the Bill, at the Clerk's Table. Which said Amendments being severally twice read; and the said Proviso being, upon the First Reading thereof, amended at the Table; and then twice read;

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said Amendments, and Proviso; and that the said Bill, with the said Amendments, and Proviso so amended, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Report concerning Mr. s

Bill be heard the first Business Tomorrow Morning.

Mercurii, t 70 yu!ii> 130 Car. Regis.

A Bill for confirming of private Acts, being ingrossed, was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, That the same do pass.

Resolved, That the Title thereof be, An Act for confirming of private Acts.

And Sir Richard Everard is to carry up the lame.

Mr. Waller reported, from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing of Francis Brudenell Esquire, and the Right Honourable Anna Maria Countess of Shrewsbury, was committed. That the Committee were satisfied, by Testimony of Persons of Honour, that the said Mr, Brudenell and the Countess of Shrewsbury were under Age, so as by the Statute it is not required, that they should take the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance; and that therefore they saw no Cause to make any Alteration in said Bill.

And the said Bill being thereupon read the Third time; Resolved, That this House doth assent thereunto: And Ordered, That the same do pals; and be returned to the Lords.

Ordered, That John Billingjley of Norwich be apprehended by the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, or his Deputy, and brought up in Custody, for forging a Protection under the Hand and Seal of Sir William Doyley.

Ordered, That the said Serjeant at Arms, or his Deputy, do apprehend John Thorner, Philip , John,

and Bridget Gobe, and bring them up in Custody, to answer their Misdemeanors, and Breach of the Privilege of this House.

A Bill for confirming and continuing an Act for the necessary Maintenance of the Work of draining the Great Level of the Fens, being ingrossed, was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved,

Resolved, That the said Bill do pass:

And Sir William Doyley is to carry up the same to the Lords, for their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill, sent from the Lords, for confirming of an Inclosure of Land, formerly used for a corr.hion Highway from Parsons-Green to Southfeild in Fulham, and the Settling of other Land for a common Highway there in lieu thereof, was this Day read the First: time.

Resolved, That the same be read again the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Goodrick reports, from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing 'Trinity Church in King ft on upon Hull from Hqfle was committed, several Amendments to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and afterwards, delivered in the fame, with the Bill, at the Clerk's Table: Which said Amendments being twice severally read -,

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said Amendments: And that the Bill, with the said Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to prevent the unlawful Coursing, Hurting, or Killing of Deer, was read the Third time: And the Word " unlawful" being inserted therein at Clerk's Table,

Resolved, That the said Bill, so amended, do pass. Refohed, That the Title thereof fir all be. An Act for to prevent the unlawful Coursing, Hurting, or Killing of Deer:

And is to carry up the same to the Lords, for their Concurrence.

A Petition of George Lowe Esquire, a Member of this House, was this Day read -, wherein he doth complain, that he and his Ancestors having been for above One hundred Years Tenants of the Prebend, Manor, and Parsonage of Caine in Wiltshire, held of the Treasurer of the Cathedral Church of Sarum; and that he, and his Mother, (to whom he is Executor) paid to and for Edward Davenant Doctor of Divinity, now Treasurer of the said Church, above 4000 I. for a Lease of the Premises for Twenty-one Years, which will expire at our Lady-Day next-, and hath laid cut, for Preservation of his Estate, and in Improvement and otherwise, about the Premises, above 4000 I. more: And having been a great Sufferer for his late Majesty, and also his now Majesty, by Imprisonments, Plunder, Composition, Sequestration, and Decimation, yet the said Doctor doth refuse to grant a new Lease to him of the Premises, but hath granted a concurrent Lease thereof to his Son, or some other Relation: And, although several Orders have been made, for the Petitioner's Relief, by the Lords, and other Persons commissionated by his Majesty to mediate between the Church and the ancient Tenants and Purchasers; yet he refuseth tqgive any Obedience thereto.

Ordered, That Copies of the said Petition be sent to Doctor Davenant and his Son: And Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Earnley, and Mr. Daniell, Members of this House, or any of them, are desired to deliver the Copy to them -, and to treat between the Parties, and accommodate the Difference between them in this Recess of the Parliament, if they can: For the better effecting whereof, it is recommended by this House to the said Doctor Davenant and his Son, to renew the Lease of the Premises to Mr. , upon reasonable Terms, according to ancient Use -, or else to return their Answer therein to this House by some of the Persons before-mentioned -, who are to report the same to the House at their first Meeting after the Recess. And it is also recommended to his Majesty'sCommissioners, to resume the Cause between the said Parties; and to take it into further Consideration: And, in the mean time, it is desired by this Floufe, that the Lord Bishop and Dean and Chapter of Sarum do forbear to give any Confirmation to the concurrent Lease, if it be not done.

1

Serjeant Charlton reports, from the Committee for Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of Leceifter *

And the Opinion of the Committee, that Sir John Prettyman was duly elected, and ought to fit.

Resolved, upon the Question, That this House doth agree with the Opinion of the said Committee, that Sir John Prettyman was duly elected Burgess for the said Borough of Leciefter, and ought to fit in this House.

A temporary Bill, for settling the Militia, being ingrossed, was this Day read the Third time.

And Two Provisoes were tendered to be added thereunto: W hich were both twice read:

And the Question being put. That the First Proviso should be read the Third time;

The Floufe was divided:

And the Yeas went forth.

Colonel T. relawny, f Tellers for the Noes: ")

Mr. Clifton, \ With the Noes, $ I42,

Sir Hairy Felton, f Tellers for the Yeas: 7

Sir Bayn. Throckmorton,\With the Yeas, j

So it passed in the Negative.

And thereupon that Proviso was laid aside.

And the Question being then put. That the Second Proviso should be read the Third time The House was divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Lord St. John, f Tellers for the Yeas: ")

Sir John Duncomb, \ With the Yeas, j I43* Colonel Trelawny, f Tellers for the Noes: 7 Sir Gilbert Ireland, \With the Noes, J IOI‘

So it passed in the Affirmative, That the said Proviso should be added to the said Bill.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Bill, with the said Amendments and Proviso added thereunto, shall pass.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the Title of the said Bill shall be. An Act declaring the foie Right of the Militia to be in the King j and for the present Ordering and Disposing the fame.

Resolved, That Robert Shave, Richard George, and Thomas Dazves, being now in the Custody of the Serjeant at

Arms attending this House, for their Breach of Privilege in arresting Sir Charles Harbord's Servant, be discharged of their Imprisonment, paying their Fees.

And then the House adjourned till Eight of the Clock, Tomorrow Morning.

jfevis,18° Julii, 130 Regis.

Prayers.

A Bill for confirming of an Inclosure formerly used for a common Highway from Parsons-Green to Southfeild in Fulham, and the Settling of other Land for a common High . there in lieu thereof, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, That the same be committed to Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Crouch, Sir Rich. Everard, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Rob. Howard, Serjeant Seys, Mr. Scudamore, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Puckering, Mr. Fane, Sir Abraham , Sir Lancelot Lake, Sir Tho. Leigh, Mr. Mr.

Knight, Sir Jo. Holland, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Cha. Cornwallis, Sir Hen. Newton, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, and all the Members that serve for Middlesex and Surrey: And they are to meet this Afternoon in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And to examine the Agreement therein mentioned; and to hear the Parties that are concerned in the Highway.

A Bill for the Endowment of several Churches by the Lord Viscount Scudamore was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That the same be read again the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

A Mef-

13 Car. II.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William and Sir William Glascock, Mailers of the Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have fentyou an Act for the making void certain Fines unduly procured to be levied by Sir Edward Powell Knight and Baronet, and Dame Mary his Wife: Whereunto they desire the Concurrence t>f this House.

Resolved, That the said Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Attorney of the Duchy reports, from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Copyholders of the Manor of Clitherowin the County of was committed,

several Amendments to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place *, and afterwards, delivered in the same with the Bill at the Clerk's Table: Which said Amendments being severally twice read,

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said Amendments: And that the said Bill, with the said Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Richard Everard reports, from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Confirmation of the Register of Sales and Pawns made to retailing Brokers in London and Westminster, and Places adjacent, was committed, several Amendments to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and afterwards, delivered in the fame, with the Bill, at the Clerk's Table i Which said Amendments being severally twice read;

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said Amendments: And that the said Bill, with the said Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Report, from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for confirming the Sale of Lands made

by Sir Robert Howard, be heard Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Robert Atkins reports, from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling his Majesty to make Leases of Lands, Parcel of his Highness* Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame, was committed, several Amendments to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and afterwards, delivered in the fame, with the Bill, at the Clerk's Table: Which said Amendments being severally twice read;

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said Amendments: And that the said Bill, with the said Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. York, one of the Members of this House, have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

Serjeant Charleton reports, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Town of Brackley in the County of and the Opinion of the Committee, That Sir Thomas Crew was duly elected, and ought to fit in this House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree in Opinion with the said Committee, That Sir Thomas Crew was duly elected a Burgess for the said Town of Brackley, and ought to fit in this House.

Ordered, That the Mayor of Brackley, and the Clerk of the Crown, or his Deputy, do attend this House Tomorrow at Eight of the Clock, to mend the Return of the said Town of Brackley.

And this House then resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to resume the Debate of settling the Proportions of the additional Charge upon all Beer and Ale to be levied by Way of Poll.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins took the Chair. After much Debate,

Mr. Speaker again took the Chair: And

Sir Robert Atkins made Report, from the Committee of the whole House, That they had taken the Matter of settling the said Proportions into Debate j but

5°?

had not proceeded to anyRefolve; and desiredthat the House might be again resolved into aCommittee Tomorrow, at Nine of the Clock, to resume the said Debate.

Resolved, That this House be again resolved into a Committee Tomorrow, at Nine of the Clock, to resume the said Debate.

This House being this Day informed, That one John Weaver a menial Servant to Sir John Stapeley, one of the Members of this House, was arrested by one John Browne, a Serjeant at the Mace in London, and Robert Lace, a Serjeant's Yeoman, at the Suit of one Francis , in

Breach of the Privileges of tills House;

Resolved, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, or his Deputy, do apprehend and bring into Cu-flody the said Francis Carpenter, John Browne, and Robert Lace, to answer their said Misdemeanor and Breach of Privilege.

And then the House adjourned till Eight of the Clock, Tomorrow Morning.

Vmeris, 190 JuHi, 130 Car. Regis.

Prayers*

QRdered, That Sir Robert Atkins Knight of the Bath, one of the Members of this House, have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

Ordered, That Sir John Covert Knight and Baronet, one of the Members of this House, have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

0

A Bill for the making void of divers Judgments and Conveyances obtained from James Scudamor Esquire, by George Colt and Thomas Colt, and their Trustees, was this Day read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read again the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Sit Robert Atkins do bring in a Bill for the discharging and making void of all Monies and Securities for Money won at Play.

An ingrossed Bill for Confirmation of the Office of the Register of Sales and Pawns made to retailing Brokers in London and Westminster, and the Places adjacent, was this

Day read the Third time.

Resolved, That this Bill do pals: And that the Title shall be, as it is indorsed: And Captain Jones is to carry it up to the Lords, for their Concurrence.

A Bill for preventing the Mischiefs and Dangers, that may arise by certain Persons called Quakers, and others, refusing to take lawful Oaths, being ingrossed, was this Day read the Third time.

A Petition being tendered, on the Behalf of certain Per* forts called Quakers, by some at the Door, who go under that Notion, and desire to be heard, before the said Bill do pass *,

Resolved, That the Persons at the Door be called in.

And the said Four Persons, namely, Edward Burroughs, Richard Hubblethorn, George Whitehead, and being thereupon permitted to come to the Bar of this House, did severally offer what they had to say against the Passing of the said Bill and tendered a printed Paper, which they desired might be read.

After which, they being caused to withdraw;

And the House resuming the Debate of the said Bill;

Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title of the said Bill be, An Act for preventing the Mischiefs and Dangers that may arise by certain Persons called Quakers, and others, refusing to take lawful Oaths.

And Mr. Crouch is to carry up the said Bill to the Lords, for their Concurrence.

4 H Thu

"Journals of the House of Commons.

journals of the House of Common?. l

50 6

The House being this Day informed that Colonel Met-hurneWilliams, attending as a Witness for Sir Henry Williams at the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election of Brecknock, was, in his Return, arrested at the Suit of one..... Page by George Watson, one of the Bailiffs of the Liberty of upon a Capias

ad respondendum.

Ordered, That the said Milburne Williams have his Privilege , and be discharged of his Imprisonment without paying any Fees.

A Bill for the further suppressing of Perjury, and Subornation of Perjury, being ingrossed, was this Day read the Third time.

Ordered, That this Bill be, at present, laid alide, till it be further considered of this Afternoon.

The Mayor of Brackley, and the Deputy to the Clerk of the Crown, being called in to amend the Return for that Town; the Name of Sir William Farmer was razed out; and the Name of Sir Thomas Crew Knight was inserted, by Order, at the Clerk's Table.

A Bill, declaring the Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, imposed upon the Estates and Persons of certain notorious Offenders excepted out of the Act of free and general Pardon, Indemnity, and Oblivion, being ingrossed, was this Day read the Third time.

And there being a. Proviso tendered, in the Behalf of Angell Grey Esquire, to be added to the Bill;

The Question was put. Whether the said Proviso should be read j

Resolved, in the Affirmative.

And the Proviso being Three times read;

The Question was then put. That the Proviso be made Part of the Bill:

The House was divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Sir Tho. Fanfhdw jun.f Tellers for the Noes Mr. Herbert, \ With the Noes, j1 2*

Mr. Seymor, FTellers for the Yeas:"> ,

Mr. Stafford, \ With the Yeas, j 7*

And so it passed in the Negative.

Another Provilb was tendered to be added to the Bill, on the Behalf of # *

And another Proviso, being tendered to be made Part of the said Bill, was, upon the Question, laid alide.

And it was then resolved, That the 27th of January be inserted to fill up the Blank in the Bill.

Which was done, accordingly, at the Clerk's Table. And the Question was then put for the passing the Bill: Which was resplved in the Affirmative, Nemine contra-dicente.

Resolved, That the Title of the said Bill be, An Act declaring the Pans, Penalties, and Forfeitures, imposed upon the Estates and Persons of certain notorious Offenders, excepted out of the Act of free and general Pardon, Indemnity, and Oblivion.

And the Lord Ancram is to carry up the said Bill Tomorrow, with the Petition on the Behalf of Sir Arthur Haferig's Children, to the Lords, for their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Eight of the Clock,

Tomorrow Morning.

Sabbati, 20° Julii^ 130 Car, Regis.

Prayers.

THE Committee, to whom Two Bills, touching the Level of the Fens, called Lindsey Level, lying in the County of Lincolns, and the County of the City of Lincohie, was committed, having adjourned to that Day Sevennight, next after the First Day that this Parliament shall meet on after their intended Recess; and to meet that Day in the Afternoon, in the Star-Chamber j

Ordered, That all Persons concerned in the said Two Bills have Notice of the said Adjournment, to the end they may attend at the Time and Place appointed, to offer what they have to say to the said Committee.

Resolved, That those that are Adventurers shall have Access to the Records and Papers concerning the Fens: And that the Clerk for the Adventurers of the Great Level of the Fens do, from time to time, produce before the Committee such Books, Papers, and Records, as he shall receive any Warrant for, under the Hand of the Chairman of the Committee.

And it is further Ordered, That there be free Liberty for Parties, Counsel, and Sollicitors, on all Sides, to have recourse to the Records of Proceedings remaining with the said Clerk j and to search, peruse, and take Copies of what they think fit, or may serve for their Purpose, respectively.

Sir Richard Onslow reports, from the Committee, to whom the Bill for confirming of an Inclosure of Land, formerly used for a Common Highway from to Southfeild in Fulham, and the Settling of other Lands for a Common Highway there in lieu thereof, was committed, That the Committee saw no Cause to alter or amend the fame: And thereupon, delivered in the same at the Clerk's Table: Which being read the Third time;

Resolved, upon the Question, That this House doth afient to the said Bill: And that the same do pass.

And Sir Richard Onfow is to return the same tp tire Lords.

A Bill for AngellGrey Esquire to hold the Land of Sir John Danvers, till he receive 3000 I. with Interest, was

this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the same be committed to Mr. Fane, Colonel Legg, Mr. Churchill, Sir Allen Agfley, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Mallet, Sir Allen rick, Mr. Bifcowen, Colonel Windham, Sir Tho.

Mr. Phillips, Mr. Knight, Mr. Mr. Clerk, Mr.

Mountague, Sir Jo. Rouse, Sir Jo. Strangwayes, Sir Rob. Atkins, Sir Tho. Leigh, Mr. Giles Strangwayes, Sir Sol. Swale, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Waldron, Mr. Pleadwell, Mr. Whorwood, Mr. SandysrSir Heneag Fince, Sir Francis Henry Lee, Mr. Francis Finch, Mr. Cliford, Mr. Clifton, Sir Jo. Tolbot, and all the Members that serve for fetshire: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Two-of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for the making void certain Fines, unduly procured to be levied, by Sir Edward Powell Knight and Baronet, and Dame Mary his Wife, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read again the Second day at the next Meeting after this -Recess.

Ordered, That the Bill of Mr. Scudamor be read on Monday Morning.

Serjeant Charleton reports, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the same upon the Double Return for the Borough of Truro in Cornwall, That, upon Examination of the Fad, the Question appeared to be, whether the Mayor and Twenty-four, or all the Freemen, of that Borough, have Right to elect Members to serve in Parliament: And this was the Resolution of the last Parliament; and the Opinion of the Committee, That the Twenty-four only, without the otheF Freemen, had Right-to elect; and that Mr. Bifcowen and Mr. were

duly elected by them, and ought to fit.

Resolved, upon the Question, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the Mayor and Twenty-four of the Borough of Truro in the County of Cortnvall have the Right of eleding Members to serve in Parliament for that Borough -, and that Mr. Bifcowen and Mr. Ancn-dell were duly elected as Burgesses for the said Borough of Truro } and that they do fit in this House.

Ordered,

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue a Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Writ for a new Election of a Burgess at Chippenham in the room of Sir John Speakt.

Ordered, That the ingossed Bills for Rannes and Cle-thero in the Duchy of Lancaster; and also for to enable the King to make Leases of his Duchy of Cornwall; be read on Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney of the Duchy have the Leave of this House, to go into the Country.

And then this House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to resume the Debate of the advancing of his Majesty's Revenue; and to settle the Proportions, according to the former Votes.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair: And - Sir Robert Atkins took the Chair of the Committee: And afterwards,

Mr. Speaker again took the Chair: And

Sir Robert Atkins made Report, That the Committee had made some Progress; and desired that the House might again resolve itself into a Committee on Monday next, at Nine of the Clock, to proceed upon the last Debate.

Resolved, That this House do again resolve itself into a Committee on Monday next, at Nine of the Clock, to proceed upon the last Debate.

Mr. Secretary Moris acquainted Mr. Speaker, That the King's Majesty, respecting the Season of the Year, and that it was hotter at this Time than it used to be ;and that some of the Judges had entered upon their Circuits this Day, and others were to set out on Monday next; and that, upon that Occasion, many of the Long Robe were to leave the Town; and believing that many other of the Members of this House desired a Recess, to refrefti tfiemselves, and to intend their own Affairs; was therefore gradously pleased to signify his Pleasure, that this House would so dispose their Business as to rife on Friday or Saturday next; at which time, his Majesty intended to C9U)e to the House of Lords to adjourn the Parliament.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning,

at Eight of the Clock.

Lunce) 2 2* Juliiy 130 Regti.

Prayers.

A Bill for discharging the loyal Patty of all Interest exceeding Three Pounds per Centum was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, That the same be committed to Mr. Fane, Mr. Churchill, Sir Jo. Brampfion, Mr. Bennett Sir Geo.

Sandis, Sir Adrian Scroope, Sir Hen. Capell, Mr. Attorney of the Duchy, Sir Geo. Reeve, Mr. , Mr. Lovo-ther, Sir James Smith, Mr. Colonel,

Sir Phil. Warwick, Colonel Leggy Mr. , Mr. Newton, Lord Buckhurst, Mr. Jay, Sir Bayn. Throckmorton

Mr. Morton, Mr. Knight, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Mr. V ompkins, Colonel Fra. , Mr. , Sir

Hen. Newton, Sir Hump. Bennett, Sir Mr.

Prynn, Six Rob. Holt, Sir Roger BradjDoftor

bead, Mr. Moris, Mr. Rich. Spencer, Mr. Puckering, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Milward, Mr. Rob. Phillips, Sir Ben. Ayloff, Mr. Price, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Taylor, Lord Brere-lon. Sir Cicill Wych, Mr. Wm. Sandis: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker'* Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Question being put. That the Two ingossed Bills for the Tenants of Rannes and Clithero in Lancashire should be now read die Third time;

It passed in the Negative: And Ordered, That the said Bills be read the Third Monday on the next Meeting of the Parliament after this Recess.

a

Another ingossed Bill, for dividing Trinity Church in Kingston upon Hull from Haste, was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, That the said Bill do pals.

Resolved, That the Tide of the said Bill shall be. An Act dividing Trinity Church in Kingston upon Hull frotfi Hajle.

And Colonel Gilby is to carry up the same to the Lords.

Ordered, That Sir Mathew one of the

Members of this House, have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

Ordered, That Sir John Strangwayes, one of the Members of this House, have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for Highways was committed, be revived; and do fit th& Afternoon in the Place formerly appointed.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill, pouching the regulating of Elections, was committed, be revived and do fit this Afternoon in the Place formerly appointed.

A Bill for making void of divers Judgments and Conveyances obtained by George Colt and Thomas Colt, and their Trustees, for Monies won at Play, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Bill be committed to Lord Carnbury, Mr. Feme, Sir Bayn. Throgmorton, Sir Rob. Brooke, Sir Hump. Bennett, Mr. Pryn, Sir Rob. Holt, Mr. Clifford, Mr. Moreton, Mr. , Lord Cafileton, Sir Gee.Sandis, Mr. Colonel Kyrkby,

Serjeant Charleton, Mr. Tompkins, Sir Leigh, Mr.

Lowther, Mr. Bennet, Mr. C, Colonel Gilby, Mr. Churchill, Sir Tho. Doleman, Lord , Mr. Graham,

Sir Edw. Mojley, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Jones, and all the Members that serve for Herefordshire: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the After-hoon in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, Witnesses, and Records , and to fend for and examine such Persons as were present at and privy to the Frauds in winning the Monies at Play, and drawing Mr. Scudamore into the Judgments and Conveyances; and to make Report thereof to the House: And also to prepare and bring in a Bill to avoid all Judgments and Securities; given for Monies won at Play; and to prevent all Practices and Cheats in Gaming for the future.

A Bill, sent from the Lords, for the establishing Articles and Orders for the Regulating and better Government of his Majesty's Navies; Ships of War, and Forces by Sea; was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the feme be committed to Mr. Churchill, Mr. Comptroller; Sir Phil.

wick; Mr. William Coventry, Mr. Sit Hump. Bennett,

Mr. Pryn, Sir Bayn.Throckmorton, Mr. Clifford, Mr.

Sandis, Colonel Windham, SaChar. Cornwallis, Mr. Smith', Sir Rob. Howard, Serjeant Charleton, Sir Ben. Ayloff, Mr. Long, Sir Tho. Ingram*, Sir Rich Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Birch, Six Wm. HickmanSir Tho. Littleton,

Sir Allen Brodrick, Mr. Knight, Mr. Vice-chamberlain,' Mr. Hen. Coventry, Sir Phil. Musgrave, Lord;

Mr. Bennett, Sir Antho. IrbyyMr. Clifton,

Mr. Sandis, Mr. Phillips, Sir Cha. Sir Jo. Hol-

land, Sir Jo. Doleman, Sir Jo. Brampfion, Mr. bam. Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Bifcowen, Sir Wm. Fleetwood, Mr. Bulteele, Sir Jo. Nicholas, Sir Alien Apjley, Mr. Tho;

Coventry, Sir Jo. Duncombe, Mr. Onslow, Milward, Mr. Edw. Seymor, Sir Wm.Batten, Mr. Potter, Mr; Collins, Lord Richardson, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Wm. Rett;

Six Hen. North, and all that fer ve for the Cinque Ports: And they are rp meet this Afternoon; at Two of the Clock, in the Exchequer-Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all the Members

of

of this House, who shall come to the said Committee, are to have Votes thereat.

Serjeant Charleton reports, from the Committee of Elections, touching the Election for That Sir Jervas Clifton and Mr. Eyres were duly dected Knights for the County of and ought to

fit.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that Sir Jervas Clifton and Mr. Eyre . duly elected for the County of Nottinand ought to fit.

Ordered, That the Report of the Committee for publick Bills, touching the Bill for Ministers, be heard Tomorrow.

And then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to resume the Debate of the Increase of his Majesty's Revenue.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Milward took the Chair of the Committee: After

which,

Mr. Speaker again took the Chair: And

Mr. Milward made Report to the House, That the Committee having proceeded in the Matter of the Increase of his Majesty's Revenue; and that it being put to the Question, That an Imposition should be laid upon Salt, towards the Increase of his Majesty's Revenue; it passed in the Negative: After which, it was resolved, upon the Question, That Paper and Parchment be first taken into Consideration towards the Increase of his Majesty's Revenue: And that it was the Desire of the Committee, That the House might again resolve into a Committee Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, to resume the further Debate of the Increase of his Majesty's Revenue.

Whereupon it is Ordered, That this House do resolve itself into aCommittee Tomorrow, at Nine of the Clock, to resume the said Debate.

And then the House adjourned dll Tomorrow Morning, at Eight of the Clock.

Martis, 2 30 Julii, 130

Prayers.

T TPON reading the Petition of John Lord and Elizabeth his Wife, on the Behalf of herself and her Children by Thomas Godfry her former Hu (band; complaining that the Dean and Chapter of Ely refused to make the Petitioner a Lease of the Demesnes and Manor of Me fell, and a Frish called M , notwithstanding the said Godfry purchased from Miles the former

Tenant, his Lease of the Premises, and Right of Preemption therein; and the Petitioner had a Recommendation from the Commissioners, appointed by his Majesty for Relief of Purchasers to the Dean and Chapter, to renew his Lease, and admit him Tenant-,

Ordered, That a Copy of the Petition be delivered to the Dean and Chapter of Ely, to whom it is specially recommended by this House to renew the Lease of the Premises to the Petitioner upon reasonable Terms, according to the ancient Use -, or else they are to return their Answer therein to this House at the First Sitting of the Parliament after this Recess.

Sir Richard Lloyd reports, from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling the Sale of feme of the Lands of William Milward Esquire, for Payment of feme of his Debts, was committed, several Amendments to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place j and after delivered in the fame, with the Bill, at the Clerk's Table: Which said Amendments being severally twice read;

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said Amend*

ments: And that the said Bill, with the said Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill for repairing Bengworth Bridge in the County of Worcester was this Day read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second Sitting of the next Meeting of the Parliament after this Recess.

A Bill for competent Allowance to be made to such Curates as shall officiate in Livings, where the proper Incumbents do not reside, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, That the same be committed to Mr. Fane, Mr. Knight, Mr. Churchill, Mr. Newton, Mr. Geo. Clarke, Mr. Clifton, Mr. Phillips, Sir Lane. Sir

Lord Richonfon, Mr. Smith, Sir Hen. Worsley, Dr. Bur-well, Mr. Trice, Mr. Pryn, Sir Wm. Doyley, Mr. Henley, Mr. Morris, Sir Phil. Manwaring, Sir Phil. grave, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Ashburn Sir Geo. Sonds, Mr.'

Tomkins, Mr. Dalston, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Milward, Mr. Spencer, Mr. Collins, Sir Hen. Newton, Mr.

Mr. Wm. Saudis, Mr. Lowther, Sir Ralph Aflston, Sir Brampfton, Sir Tho. Dolman, Sir Hen. North, Colonel Windham, Mr. Clifford, Sir Herb. Price, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Edw. Mofey, Mr. Gaudy, Mr. Jay, Mr. Manwaring, Sir Courtney Poole, Mr. Chetwind, Sir Phil. Warwick, Sir Antho. Irby, Sir Cha. Cornwallis, Sir Hen. Herbert, Mr. Puckering, Sir Tho. Fanfhaw, Mr. Edw.

And they are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock: And to fend for Personsr Papers, and Records.

Upon Information, that the Fanaticks make mention of Lambert and Sir Henry Vane in their Meetings and have great Hopes to disturb the publick Peace, if they could, procure their Escape;

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney-General have Notice to speed the Prosecution against Vane and Lambert, and prepare the Evidence against them.

And Mr. Speaker is desired to acquaint Mr. Attorney therewith.

Mr. Churchill reports, from the Committee, to whom the Bjll for discharging the loyal Party of all Interest-Mo-ney exceeding Three Pounds per Cent, was committed, several Amendments to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and afterwards, delivered in the fame, with the Bill, at the Clerk's Table: And the said Amendments being severally twice read;

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said Amendments j and that the said Bill be ingrafted.

A Bill for the Endowment of several Churches by the Lord Viscount Scudamour and his Son, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, That the same be committed to the same Committee, to whom the Bill for Curates is committed, and to all the Members who serve in this House for Herefordshire and Gloucestershire: And they are to meet this Afternoon in the Speaker's Chamber, at Three of the Clock: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Serjeant Charleton made Report, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the City of Hereford, That Sir Henry lingen was agreed to be duly elected -, and that the Question was between Sir Hoptonand Mr. Westpbaling, which of them wereduly chosen

That Mr. Weflphaling had Two hundred Thirty-and-three Voices, which were all Freemen, and had Voices; That Sir Edward Hopton had caused a Poll to be taken of Two hundred and Fifty-oneVoices for him but that their Names were gotten a Week or a Fortnight after the Election 5 and some of them doubly set down, some Alms-men, feme Minors, some were not upon the Place at the Reading of the Writ, nor upon the Day of the Adjournment}

lo

so as the Persons against whom there was just Exception being taken out of that Lift, Mr. had the

Majority of Voices , and the Opinion of the Committee, That Sir Henry Lingen's Election was unquestionable, he having all Mr. IPeJlpbaiing Voices, besides his own $ and that Mr. Westpbaling, having a greater Number of

clear Voices than Sir Edward was duly elected a

Citizen for the said City of and ought to fit:

But that there was a very strange Carriage, and some Disturbance, in the Elections, which proceeded either from the Fear in the Mayor, or was done by Design.

And the Question being put. That, this House doth agree with the Committee.

It paired in the Negative.

And it was then Refohed, upon the Question, That the whole Election was void. And

It was Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do make a Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to issue out a Writ for a new Election of Citizens for the City of Hereford.

And the Question being put. That the Mayor of Hereford should be sent for in Custody;

It passed in the Negative.

Mr. Mil-ward reports, from the Committee of the whole House, That, upon their Debate of the Increase of his Majesty's Revenue on Saturday last, it was resolved at the Committee, Nemine contradicente, That the Excise should

be advanced to Four hundred thousand Pounds a Year, if it be now short cf that Value: Which the House taking into Consideration;

- Resolved, upon the Question, That this House doth

agree with the Vote of the Committee, That the Excise of Beer and Ale, and all other Liquors, be advanced to Four hundred thousand Pounds a Year, if it be short of that Value: And

Ordered, That the Lord Treasurer bedefired to procure and fend Commissions into all the Counties of England and

Wales, and Town of Berwick upon , directed to the Members of this House, and Justices of the Peace in the several Counties, and Places aforesaid, to inspect the Revenue of the Excise upon Beer and Ale, and other Liquors; and to inform themselves, against the next Meeting of the Parliament, how the Excise came to fall snort in the Proportion of Three hundred thousand Pounds per Ann. and how, for the future, it may be advanced with the moll F.afe to the People, and collected with the least Charge to his Majesty.

And then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to resume the Debate of the Increase of his Majesty's Revenue.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair: And

Mr. Mil-ward took the Chair of the Committee: And, after some Debate upon the further Increase of his Majesty's Revenue,

Mr. Speaker again took the Chair: And

Mr. Milward made Report from the Committee, That the Committee had voted. That his Majesty's Revenue should be advanced by a Duty to be imposed upon sealed Paper and Parchment for publick Use: And that a Bill be Drought in for raising the said Duty upon sealed Paper and Parchment, and ascertaining the several Rates of the said sealed Paper and Parchment.

And the House thereupon taking the said Votes into their Debate;

Resolved, upon the Question, That ?a Bill be brought in for laying an Imposition, towards the Advance of his Majesty's Revenue, upon sealed Paper and Parchment.

And it is referred to Mr. Sollicitor-General, Mr.

Vaughan, Mr. Churchill, Mr. MSir Charles Har-

lord. Sir Henry Bennett, Sir Richard Mr. Sandis,

Mr. Sprye and Mr. Pryn, or any of them, to prepare and bring in the said Bill at the next Meeting of the Parliament after this Recess.

Ordered, That this House do again relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow at Nine of the Clock, to resume the Debate of the further Increase of his Majesty's Revenue.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, at Eight of the Clock.

Mercurii, 24 0 Julii, 130 Car. Regis.

Prayers.

UPON reading of the humble Petition of -

beth Foyer, Relict of Colonel John Foyer, deceased, -wnowas sentenced by a Court-Martial, and Ihot toDeath-; setting forth her Husband's Fidelity, Services, Loss of his Life, Expence of his Estate to the Value of 8000 /. and upwards, and her Debts and Sufferings; and praying feme present Relief to keep her and hers from starving ;' and further Provision for the Maintenance of her and her poor Family.

Ordered, That the lad Condition of the Petitioner and her Children be, and is hereby humbly recommended to: the pious Consideration of his Majesty; who is humbly desired by this House to grant unto her such Relief, in Compensation of her lad Sufferings and Losses, as, in his Princely Wisdom and Goodness, he shall judge her Cafe' may deserve.

Upon reading the several Petitions of the Officers under the Serjeant at Arms attending this House;

Ordered, That it be recommended to the Right Honourable the Lord High Treasurer of England to give Directions for the Satisfaction of what was ordered by- the' last Assembly to the Clerk, and his Assistant, and the Under-Clerks, and to the Officers, then attending this House, out of the Arrears of the Grand Excise due the 25th of* December last, as the same was stated and reported by the Committee, and then appointed to be paid: And his^ Lordship is likewise desired to give a proportionable Recompence to the Chaplain, who hath constantly performed his Duty to this House during this Parliament; and to the Clerk of this House, and his Assistant; and to the Under-Clerks; as also to the Serjeant at Arms, and the Officers under him, attending the Service of this House this Parliament , and to the Clerk of the Crown's Deputy, who hath constantly attended the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and to give Order for the Satisfaction of the Stationer's Bills: And Mr. Speaker is requested to acquaint his Lordship with the Delircs of the House herein.

And it is further Ordered, That it be committed to Sir Lancelot Lake, Sir Tho. Littleton, Serjeant Charleton, Mr. Spencer, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Pryn, Sir Benjamin Ayloff, Mr. Knight, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Clifford, Sir Sir Ralph Ashton, Mr Crouch, Sir Jo. Strangwayes, Mr.

Waller, Sir Wm. Lewes, to consider what Fees have been anciently due to the several Clerks and Officers of this House; and the Number of the said Officers, and how they were paid, and whence their Satisfaction did arise; and how, for the future, they may have and receive a Recompence suitable to their Pains and Attendance; and to make Report to this House, at their next Meeting after this Recess, when the House is full.

Mr. Clifford reported, from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the establishing Articles and Orders for the Regulating, and better Government, of his Majesty's Navies, fcfr. was committed, several Amendments to the said Bill; Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and afterwards, delivered in the fame, with the Bill, at the Clerk's Table: Which said Amendments being sevendljr twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto;

A Proviso was tendered to be added to the said Bill s Which said Proviso being read;

Ordered, That Mr. Vaughan, Sir Philip Wirwick, Mr. William Coventry, Serjeant Charleton, Mr. Vicechamberlain, Sir Hefieage Finch his Majesty's Sollicitor-General, Sir

Edward Harlow, Mr. Pryn, and Mr. Knight, do withdraw to consider of the said Proviso: Which being accordingly done;

4 I 4 Mr.

Journals of the House of Commons.

Mr. Coventry reported, from the Members, to "whom the Consideration of the said Proviso was referred. That they had considered thereof and were of Opinion, that the same should pass, and be made Part of the said Bill.

And the said Proviso being thereupon twice read;

A. 1661.

in " and every the Corporations of Cities, Towns, and Boroughs, Cinque Ports, and their Members, and other Port-Towns in England and Wales, and of the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall, by the 24th Day of June, which shall be in the Year 1662, renew their several and respective Charters, or otherwise, that such of the said Resolved, upon the Question, That this House doth Charters, as shall not, by the said 24th of June, be renewed.

agree to the said Proviso: And that the same be added, at)d made Part of the said Bill.

And the said Bill, with the said Amendments and Proviso, being then read the Third time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said Bill, with the said Amendments, and Proviso, annexed and made Part thereof: And that the same do pass: And that the same be returned to the Lords, with the said Amendments, and Proviso, to be added thereunto.

And Mr. William Coventry is to carry Up the same , and to defife the Concurrence of the Lords to the said Amendments and Proviso.

Ordered, That it be recommended to Sir John Denham

Knight of the Bath, his Majesty's Surveyor-General of Members, and other Port Towns in England and Wales, his Works, to take care in this Recess for opening of the and in the Town of Berwick upon Tweed; and also that Stairs now stopped up, which were formerly used for a the Members of the said several Corporations shall yearly-Passage to this House; and to prepare a Place for the present, or cause to be presented, to the King's Majesty, Clerk of this House, and his Assistant, to write in, and his Heirs and Successors, the Names of Six inch Persons for the Custody of the Books and Records belonging to as they shall respectively think fit to bear and execute the; this House, and all such other Things as may conduce to Office of Mayor, or other Head Officer or Officers, in

shall from thenceforth determine, and become utterly null and void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever. Provided always, That no Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall be employed by or in the Behalf of the said Corporations, or any of them, shall be compelled to pay more than the Moiety of the accustomed Fees formerly and usually paid in the several and respective Offices, through which the said Charters to be renewed must regularly pass, _ for the renewing thereof. And be it further Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That the King's Majesty, his. Heirs, and Successors, shall, by virtue of this Act, for ever hereafter nominate and appoint their Recorders and Town Clerks, in the several and respective Corporations of the Cities, Towns, and Boroughs, Cinque Ports, and their

the better accommodating of this House.

A MefTage from the Lords, by Sir JuJlinian Lewen and Sir Toby Wolrich, Two of the Mailers of the Chancery j

Mr. Speaker, T he Lords have sent you a Bill, intituled, An Act for well-governing and regulating of Corporations; with fbme Alterations and Amendments therein, to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

They havelikewife sent you a Bill fiof preventing the unlawful Coursing, Hurting, or Killing of Deer.

A MefTage from the Lords, by Sir William Cloild and Sir Thomas Efcourt, Two of the Mailers of the Chancery j

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have lent you a Bill for Paving, Repairing, and Amending the Streets and Highways of Westminster, and Parts adjacent: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And the Amendments, sent from the Lords to the Bill for well-governing and regulating of Corporations, being then read;

The Question was put. That this House do adjourn till Three of the Clock this Afternoon.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Mr. Scudamore,f Tellers for the Yeas:

Sir Tho. Meres, \ With the Yeas,

Sir Jo. Talbot, f Tellers for the Noes

Mr. Spencer, \ With the Noes,

So it passed in the Affirmative.

And the House accordingly adjourned till Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

90.

77-

Post Meridiem.

THE House then resuming the Debate of the Amendments sent from the Lords to the Bill for Well-governing and regulating of Corporations,

The First Amendment,' being j. Skin, 12 Line, after " the,'* and before " and, " putirl " Lords the same being twice read; the same was, upon the Question1, agreed unto.

And the Second Amendment being 13 Line, after the ' Word " all," leave out all the Words in the Bill to the Word " provided," in the 12th Line of the Second Skin after the Commissioners Names; and, instead therepf, put 1

their several and respective Corporations, Three Months before the accustomed Time of Election of such Mayor, or other Head-Officer or Officers, in every the Corpora-. tions aforesaid; to the end, that the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, may, within One Month next after the Presentation of the Names, as aforesaid, nominate or prick such of the said Six Persons who shall bear and execute the Office of Mayor, or other Head Officer or Officers, in the several and respective Corporations aforesaid, for the Year next ensuing: And if it shall so fall out, that the King's Majesty, his Heirs or Successors shall not nominate or prick such of the said presented Persons within the Time aforesaid, then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Members of any such Corporations to nominate and choose any of the said Six Persons to be their Mayor, or other Head-Officer or Officers, for that Year, as by and amongst themselves shall be agreed upon. And in case any of the Mayors, or ojther Head-Officers, of any of the Corporations aforesaid shall happen to depart this Life within the Year, that then it shall and may be, lawful to and for the Members of any such Corporation to nominate and choose their Mayor, or other Head-Officer or Officers, for the remaining Part of that Year. And be it further Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That all Justices of the Peace in the several Counties of the Kingdom of England, and Dominion of Wales, shall henceforth be Justices of the Peace, also, in all such Corporations of the Cities, Towns, Borough, and Cinque Ports, and their Members, and other Port-Towns lying and being within the several and respective Counties, wherein they are Justices of the Peace, which are not Counties within themselves, having and exercising the Jurisdiction of a County, distinct from that of the County or Counties wherein they are, or any of them do lie: And that for all such Cities, Towns, Borough, Cinque Port, and their Members, and other Port-Towns, which are Counties within themselves, the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall from time to time nominate such and so many Justices of the Peace, as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall think fit. And be it further Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That as well the nominating of the Recorder^ and Town-Clerks, as also of the Mayor, and other Chief Officers, for the several Cities, Towns, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, and other Members, and other Port-Towns, in England and Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, to be yearly made, as aforesaid and also the Powers and Authorities, given to the Justices of the Peace, and the Nomination of Justices of the Peace, as aforesaid i shall be specified in the several and respective

Charters

Charters to be renewed by the Corporations of Cities, Towns, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, and other Port-Towns, and Town of Berwick upon Twe, aforesaid." And the Third Amendment, being Second Skin, after the Names, and 16 Line, leave out " by virtue of this Act, or is already lawfully placed and put in, instead thereof, " upon renewing of their Charters ;"

The same being likewise read twice;

The Question being put. That this House doth agree to the said Amendments;

It was resolved in the Negative.

The Fourth Amendment, being 32 Line, the CIaule beginning with the Word " providing," and ending with the Word " Defendants," in the 13 Line of the Third Skin, to be wholly left out;

The same being likewise twice read;

The Question was put. That this House doth agree to the said Amendments:

It was resolved in the Negative.

And the Fifth Amendment, being Third Skin, 22, Line, the Clause beginning with the Word " provided," to be left out to the End of the Bill;

The same being likewise twice read;

The Question was put. That this House doth agree to the find Amendments:

It was resolved in the Negative.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the Lords be made acquainted, that this House hath agreed to the first, and disagreed to the rest of the Amendments to the Bill for well-governing and regulating of Corporations: And that a Conference be desired with the Lords upon the Amendments whereunto this House hath lo disagreed: And Mr. Sollicitor-General, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Henry Coventry, Mr. Cliffor, Mr. , Sir Thomas Meres, Mr. Lowther, Serjeant Sir

Apjley, Doctor Birkenhead, Mr. Colonel Leg,

Mr. Fane, Sir Thomas Fanshaw, and Mr. Vaughan, are

to manage the said Conference.

And then this House took into Debate the Amendments sent from the Lords to the Bill for preventing the unlawful Coursing, Hurting, or Killing of Deer.

And the First Amendment, being Line, leave out the first " andand, after the first " the," put in " Advice and Consent of the

The same Amendment, being twice read, was, upon the Question, agreed unto.

And the Second Amendment, being 9 Line, instead of the Words " indofed for keeping of Deer," read, where Deer are or have been usually kept The same Amendment being twice read; was, upon the Question, agreed unto.

And the Third Amendment, being 24 Line, leave out " Poor of the Tariff), where Rich Offence shall be committed j" and put in, instead thereof, " Owner of the Deer."

The said Amendment was likewise twice read , and, upon the Question, agreed unto. And: Ordered, That the Persons who are to desire a Conference with the Lords, upon the Bill for the well-governing and regulating of Corporations, do return the Bill for preventing the unlawful Coursing, Hurting, or Killing of Deer, to the Lords, with the Amendments; and dafig-nify the Concurrence of this House to the said Amendments.

A Bill, sent from the Lords, for Paving, Repairing, and Amending the Streets and Highways of , and

Parts adjacent, was this Day read.

And this House observing, that the said Bill was to alter the Course of Law in Part, and to lay a Charge upon the People , and conceiving that it is a Privilege inherent to this House, that Bills of that Nature ought to be first considered here;

Ordered, That the said Bill be laid aside: And that die Lords be acquainted therewith, and with the Reafdna inducing this House thereunto: And the Lords are to be de-

31 r

fired, for that Cause, not to suffer any Mention of the said Bill to remain in the Journals of their House. And the Lords are further to be acquainted, that this House, Ending the Matter of their Bill to be very useful, and of publick Concernment, have ordered a Bill of the like Nature to be prepared and brought in Tomorrow Morning. And the same Persons, who are to desire a Conference with the Lords upon the Amendments to the Bill for well-governing and regulating of Corporations, are to carry up this Message; and to put the Lords in mind of the Bill for the Uniformity of publick Prayers; and of the Bill for restoring of such Advowsons and Rectories appropriate to his Majesty's loyal Subjects, as were taken from them upon their Compositions by the late usurped Powers.

And the Knights for Middlesex, the Burgesses for Westminster, and Sir John Brampston, are desired to prepare and bring in a Bill Tomorrow Morning, for the Repairing and Amending the Streets and Highways of Westminster, and the Parts adjacent; and of Shoreditch, Whitechapel, and JJlington.

jfovis, 25' Julity 130 Car. Regis.

Prayers.

A Bill against importing of foreign Wool-Cards, Card-' wire, or Iron-wire, was this Day read the First

time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read again the Second time, at the First Meeting of the Parliament after this Recess.

Mr. Crouch reports, from the Committee, to whom the Bill for competent Allowances to be made to such Curates, as shall officiate in Livings, where the proper Incumbents do not reside, was committed, several Amendments to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and afterwards, delivered in the fame, with the Bill, at the Clerk's Table.

Which said Amendment being severally twice read; Resolved, upon the Question, That this House doth agree to the said Amendments: And that the said Bill, with the said Amendments so agreed unto, be ingrossed.

A Bill for discharging the loyal Party of all Interest exceeding Three Pounds per Centum, being ingrossed, was

this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, That the said Bill do pass.

Resolved, That the Title of the said Bill shall be, An Act discharging those, whose Estates have been fold, sequestered, or decimated, for adhering to his Majesty, or his Royal Father, of all Interest exceeding Three Pounds per Centum.

A Bill for Paving, Repairing, and Cleansing the Streets and Highways of Westminster, and other Parts adjacent to London, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That the same be now read again the Second time.

And the said Bill being accordingly read the Second time;

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Comptroller, Mr; Vice-chamberlain, Serjeant Charlton, Mr. Fane, Sir Bayn. Throckmorton, Sir Allen Brotherick, Sir Cha. Cornwallis, Master of the-RoHs, -Sir Rich. Everard, Mr. Wm. Sandis, Sir Tho. Fanshaw, Sir Hen.

Sir Robert Halt, Sir John Rowfe.Colonel Windham, Mr.

Crouch, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Courtney Poole, Mr Mr. Long, Mr. Jay, Lord Mandavill, Sir Jo. Nicholas, Sir Jo.Denham, Mr. AshburnhamMr. Weld, Sir Rich.

Onslow, Sir Allen Apfley, Sir An tho. Irby, Sir Cha. Har-

bord, Sir Jb. Brampston, Sir P Lord Bruce,

Sir Benja. Ayloff, Mr . Puckering, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Lowther, Sir Edm.Pooley, Mr. Mar-vill. Lord Richardson, Sir Tho. Allen, Mr. Tompson, Sir

Dinitizerl t

Rob, Bolles, Sir Win.Tredenham Mr. , Mr.

Nicholas, and all the Members that l'erve for the Cities cf London and West miafter, the Borough of and the Counties ot Middlesex and Surrey: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill to enable the King to make Leases, Grants, and Copies of Offices, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Parcel of his Highness* Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fa mo, and for Confirmation of Leases and Grants, already made, being ingrafted, was this Day read the Third time.

ReftoIved, That the f.tid Bill do pc.fs.

Resolved, That the Title of the said Bill shall be. An Act to enable the King to make Leases, Grants, and Co-, pies of Odices. Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Parcel of his Highness' Duchy of or annexed

to the lame, and for Confirmation of Leases and Grants already made.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Endowment of ltveral Churches by the Lord Viscount Scudamoxir, and his Son, was committed, be revived; and do fit this Afternoon in the Place before appointed.

Ordered, That it be recommended to the Lord Trca-surer to take into Consideration the Claim and Interest of Sir John Wintour to the Forest of and such as

claim under him ;. and to take care for the Preservation of the Forcli, and the Timber and Wood therein,' during the Repels of the Parliament; and to hear such Proposals aslhall be made by Sir Baynham Throgmorton, and others, for Increase of his Majesty's Revenue, and the Improvement of the Growth of Timber for Advantage of Shipping, and of Coppice-wood for the Iron-works: And, upon Report thereof from his Lordship, this House will take the same into Consideration at their next Meeting: And Sir Baynham Throgmorton, Sir Charles Mr. Fane,

the Lord Herbert, Sir John Holland, and Sir Charles Cornwallis, are to attend his Lordship with this Order.

A Bill for competent Allowances to be made to such Curates as shall officiate in Livings, where the proper Incumbents do not reside, being ingrossed, was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Bill do pass.

Resolved, That the Title of the said Bill shall be. An Act for competent Allowances to be made to such Curates, as shall officiate in Livings, where the proper Incumbents do not reside.

And Sir William Tredenham is to carry up the same to the Lords for their Concurrence.

This House, this Day resuming the Debate of the Bill of well-governing and regulating of Corporations, directed several Members, appointed to manage the Conference with the Lords, to withdraw, and prepare the Realbns to be insisted upon at the Conference: Who having withdrawn, and returned;

Mr. Sollicitor-General reported from them these several Reasons following:

The Second Amendment {hikes out all the Commissioners Names, and the Powers given to remove ill Members, and restore those who are unjustly removed; to which we cannot agree; Because,

1. The whole Regulation of Corporations doth consist in placing the Government in right Hands; which, by the Bill lent up, was put in a probable Way of being effected; by this Amendment is not so much as thought of: Provision is made for nominating Mayors and Recorders; but no Care for other Members.

2. Nothing enacted by their Lordships seems to us to provide for present Safety; because, if they do not renew before June, which they may choose whether they will or no, the Government stands Hill as it is.

3. So total an Alteration of the Government may have -an ill Influence upon the free Elections.

4. The Bill lent up established Charters, notwithstand-. ing pdl Defects: These Amendments force all Corporations to renew, though their Charters be noway defective.

5. Charters made void, unless renewed; yet no Clause that they shall be renewed, if desired.

6. No Care taken, that, if renewed, they shall have their old Privileges; nor for putting in good Men.

7. The Body of Amendment, repugnant to the Title; of the Bill, which is, A Bill for Regulation of Corporations; whereas the Amendments do either extirpate, or, at lead, new create them.

8. The Reformation in the Bill sent up, but tempb-rary; and such as We had Reason to believe would be. agreeable to them, and suitable to our Trull: These Amendments would make a perpetual Change; and we have no Cause to believe it either so agreeable to the Desires of the-Corporations, for which we serve, or so consonant with, our Truth

9. The Intermeddling of Justices cf Peace of ther Counties in Corporate Towns may occasion a Clalhing-of Jurisdictions, and a Dillurbance of Government, t» the great Interruption of Peace and Trade.

W hich being twice read; and agreed unto;

Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Realbns and Instructions be entered in die Journals.

Serjeant Charlelonreports, from the Committee of Prir

vileges and Elections, touching the Difference in the Elec-, tion for the County of Brecknock, between Sir Harbert, Price and Sir Henry Williams, several Miscarriages therein;

and the Opinion of the Committee, that the said Election was therefore void.

Resolved, upon the Question, That this House doth agree* with the said Committee, that the Election was void. And

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out a Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown to issue out a new Writ for the Election of a Knight for the County of,

And this House debating, whether the Sheriff of Brecknock should be sent for in Custody, or summoned to appear to answer his Miscarriages;

Resolved, upon the Question, That the Debate thereof be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Sollicitor-General, Serjeant Charle-ton, Mr. Thurland, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Philip Warwick, and Doctor Burwell, do prepare and bring in a Bill

for providing a sufficient Maintenance for such Ministers as are Incumbents in any Corporation, or Market-Town, where their Maintenance is defective, by imposing a Rata upon the Houses there; and for to unite Parishes that are small, where they lie contiguous.

Ordered, That Sir Philip Warwick do prepare and bring in a Bill Tomorrow Morning, to confirm the several Acts hereafter mentioned; viz.

The Act of Navigation;

Act for Wool and Wool-Pelts;

The Act to enable the Master of the Rolls to make Leases;

The Act concerning Tobacco;

The Act against taking above 6 /. per Cent, for Interest;

The Act concerning Commissioners for Sewers;

- The Act concerning Process, and judicial Proceedings;

The Act for Marriages;

The Act for Soldiers to txercife Trades.

Two Letters, one to be sent to the Lord Treasurer, and another to the Judges in their Circuits, were this Day presented, and read.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker be authorized to sign the said Letters; and to alter them, if Cause be.

Ordered, That Mr. Sollicitor-General do bring in a Bill to impower his Majesty. to regulate the Prel's, till it Jbe other wise provided for.

And

And then the House adjourned till Eight of the Clock, Tomorrow Morning.

Veneris, 26 ° Julii, 130 Car. Regis.

Prayers.

PE/er Mark Sparke, Doctor of Physick, in order to'

his Naturalization, this Day took the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, before the Speaker, at the Clerk's Table.

A MeiTage from the Lords, by Doctor and Sir

Toby Wolrich, Two of the Mailers in Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have returned this Answer to your Message; That they have consented to a Conference; and will meet you at . Conference in the Painted Chamber, at Ten of the Clock.

A Bill for confirming several Acts, made by his Majesty, trith the Advice and Consent of the Lords and Commons, CXprefiTed in the Bill, was this Day read the First time. Resolved, That the same be read again the Second time.

And the same being read again the Second time; And Resolved, That the said Bill be ingossed.

Ordered, That this House will, at the First time of their

Meeting after this Recess, take into Consideration the Advance of the King's Majesty's Revenue to such a Propor-- tion, as may be sufficient to support the Grandeur of his Majesty, and be suitable to his Occasions.

A Bill to impower his Majesty to regulate the Press . was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That the same be again read the Second

time.

And the same being again read the Second time,

Ref civ ed, upon the Question, That the same be committed to Sir. Heneage FinchDo<51or , Mr.

' Pryn, Serjeant Char let on, Mr. , Mr. , Mr.

Crouch, Mr. Sandis, Sir Allen Apfley, Mr. Bifcozven: Who

are presently to withdraw into the Speaker's Chamber, in order to the perfecting of the said Bill.

A Bill for confirming several Acts, made by the King, with the Advice of the Lords and Commons in the last , Assembly, expressed in the Bill, being ingossed, was this . Day read the Third time:

And a Proviso was tendered to be added to the Bill; which, upon the Question, was laid aside.

Resolved, That the said Bill do pass.

Resolved, That the Tide of the said Bill be, An Act for confirming several Acts, made by the King, with the Advice of the Lords and Commons in the lait Assembly, expressed in the Bill, being ingossed.

And Sir Philip Warwick is to carry up the Bill to the Lords.

Sic John Brampfton reports Amendments to the Bill for Repairing and Amending the Highways in and about - Westminster: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his

Place *, and afterwards, delivered in the same at the Clerk's . Table: Which laid Amendments being severally twice . read

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said Amendments.

Resolved, That the said Bill, with the said Amendments' so agreed unto, be ingossed.

Sir Heneage Finchreports, from the Committee, to whom {he Bill for impowering his Majesty to regulate the Press was committed, several Amendments to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place *, and v afterwards, delivered in the fame, with the Bill, at the Clerk's Table: Which Amendments being severally

twice read; and, in the last Amendments save one, the University of Oxford being mentioned before

The Question being put. That the Clause shall stand as it was brought in by the Committee, to be added in the F iftieth Line in the Third Page of the Bill Whereupon the House was divided: And The Yeas went forth.

Mr. Comptroller, f Tellers for the Yeas: 7 ,

Ix>rd Ancram, \ With the Yeas, 3 9 Sir Anthony Irby,j Tellers for the Noes: 7

Sir John Holland, \ With the Noes, j And so it passed in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put. That the Bill, with the said Amendments, be ingossed;

Resolved, in the Affirmative, That the same be ingrossedf

A Message from the Lords, by Sir and Sir Toby Wolrich, Two of the Mailers in Chancery Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a present Conference in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject-Matter of the last Message, touching the Bill for regulating Corpora-, tions.

And the said Messengers being withdrawn, it was Resolved, upon the Question, That this House doth agree to the find Conference.

And the Messengers being again called in, Mr. Speaker acquainted them. That the House had agreed to a present Conference in the Painted Chamber.

Sir Heneage Finch reports, from the Lords, That thq‘ Lord Treasurer did manage the Conference, and gave Thanks for the Care and fair Carriage of the House in this Business upon the Bill for regulating Corporations: And the Lords did not differ in the Substance of tlje Matter intended: And that, since both Houses did agree in the Ends, it was probable, they should not, in the Conclusion, differ in the Means: But the Business being serious, and die Houses growing thinner and thinner, they thought fit to adjourn the Debate of it till the next Meeting of the Parliament after this Recess.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Lords, that the Matter of the Debate, touching the Bill for well-governing and regulating of Corporations, should be adjourned till the next Meeting of the Parliament after thi? Recess.

Ordered, That John Billingjly, who was brought up in Custody upon Complaint of Sir William Doyley, and hath given him Satisfaction touching the Matter complained of, be discharged, paying his Fees.

-..... *~ 1 — ~i

Sabbat if270 Julii, 130 Car. Regis.

Prayers.

MR. Crouch reports, from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Endowment of several Churches by the Lord Viscount Scudamore was committed, several Amendments: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and afterwards, delivered in the fame, with the Bill, at the Clerk's Table: Which said Amendments, being severally twice read, were, upon the Question, agreed unto.

Resolved, That the said Bill, with the said Amendments,

be ingossed.

A Bill for inverting the King with the Arrears of the Excise, and New Import, not pardoned by the Act of Oblivion, was read the First time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read again.

The Bill was accordingly read the Second time.

The Question being put. That the said Bill be ingossed It was resolved in the Affirmative,

A Bill for Repairing and Amending the Highways about Westmir.fier was this Day read the Third time.

4 K And

And some Amendments being made at the Table to the Bill j and a Proviso also tendered; and, upon the Question, agreed to;

Resolved, That the said Bill, with the Proviso and Amendments, do pass.

An ingossed Bill for regulating unlicensed and disorderly Printing was this Day read the Third time.

And a Proviso, tendered to be added to the said Bill, being thrice read;

Resolved, That the said Proviso be added to the said Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Proviso, do pass.

Resolved, That the Title of the said Bill be. An Act for regulating unlicensed and disorderly Printing.

The said Bill for inverting his Majesty with the Arrears of the Excise, or New Import; being ingossed, was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Bill do pass.

Resolved, That the Tide of the said Bill be. An Act For inverting his Majesty with the Arrears of the Excise, or New Import.

And Sir Philip Warwick is to carry up the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Thomas Eftcourt and Sir Toby Wolrich, Two of the Mailers in Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, We are sent from the Lords to acquaint you, That the Lords have passed Two Bills; one with Amendments concerning the ordering his Majesty's Navy; and the other concerning the Militia.

Another Message from the Lords, by Sir Thomas nett and She Thomas Eftcourt, Two of the Mailers of the

Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have returned to you the Bill; -declaring Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, imposed Upon the Estates and Persons of certain notorious Offenders; -with some Amendments, to which they desire your Concurrence.

Which Amendments being twice read, and compared with the Coherence in the Bill; the First and Second Amendments, Were, upon the Question, agreed to.

And the Third Amendment being to leave out the

Provisoes belonging to the Lord Craven and the Lord Marquis of Winchester, the same was also read And

The House was then informed, by one of the Members, That the Lord Craven had withdrawn his Provilb: Whereupon this House agreed to the leaving out of his Proviso.

And the House then took into Debate the other Part of that Amendment, concerning the Proviso for the Mar-tjubtrf -Winchester.

And the Question being put. That this House doth agree to the leaving out of the Provilb for the Marquis of Winchester;

It passed in the Negative: And

Resolved, That this House doth adhere to the said Pro-irifo, that it shall Hand in the Bill.

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, touching the said Proviso: And Mr. Clifford is to go up to the Lords to desire a Conference: And Sir George Ryve, I ,ord Falkland, Mr. Churchill, Mr. Fane, Mr.

"Sir Thomas Strickland, Mr CovenSir and Sir Tho. Meres, are to manage the Conference:

Which Conference was accordingly had with the Lords in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, Upon the Petition of Joseph Harrffon, letting forth. That, though he constantly kept the Door the last Assembly, as he hath done all this Parliament; yet, by Millake, his Name was omitted in the Report made by the Committee, and the Order thereupon;

Ordered, That he be included in the Recommendation to the Right Honourable the Lord Treasurer, for an Allowance for his Service and Attendance in the last Assembly, and during this Parliament, as the other Doorkeepers have.

5

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Thomas Bennett and Sir Thomas Eftcourt, Two of the Mailers of the Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down the Bill for Explanation of a Clause, &c. concerning Ecclesiastical Jurisdictions, with some Amendments: To which they desire your Concurrence.

And the said Amendment being a Proviso to be added to the said Bill;

The same was Three times read: And

Resolved, upon the Question, That this House doth concurr with the Lords, to have the Proviso added to the Bill.

And Sir Charles Harbord is to go up to the Lords, to acquaint them with the Concurrence of this House therein.

Mr. Birch reports, from the Committee for the Navy, that all paid off, save One hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds, and the Accompts ready to be delivered in.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Commissioners for Disbanding and Paying of the Army and Navy to continue so many of the Auditors, as they shall find necefiarjr; and to pay them for such time only as they shall be employed in the Service.

Ordered, That the Sheriff" of Brecknock do attend the Second Monday in the next Meeting of the Parliament, after this Recel's, to answer his Miscarriage in the Election for that County; and that the Sheriff shall be at the Charge of the Summons.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Thomas Eftcourt and Sir Toby Wolrich, Two of the Mailers in Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a present free Conference, in the Painted Chamber, with this House, upon the Matter of the last Conference, concerning the Proviso of the Marquis of Winchester.

And this House having agreed thereto;

The Messengers were called in: And Mr. Speaker acquainted them. That the House had considered Of their Message; and had agreed to a prdent free Conference.

Ordered, That Mr. Milvoard, Sir Edmund , and Sir Robert Howard, be added to those who were to manage the former Conference, to assist in this free Conference.

Sir Thomas Meres reports, from the free Conference, That the Lords did adhere to their Opinion for the same Reasons they did before; because this Proviso did intrench upon the Aft of Oblivion: And that his Majesty had signified, that, upon mature Advice, he Was against it; and that it would intrench upon his Prerogative, &c.: And that the Lords hoped the Commons would change their Opinion, and agree with the Lords.

Resolved, That this House doth concurr with the Lords, in the leaving out the said Proviso concerning the Marquis of Winchester.

Resolved, That a Petition be prepared, to which the Lords Concurrence is to be desired, for recommending the Cause of the Marquis of Winchester; -and the Merits and Sufferings of that Family to the gracious Consideration of his Majesty.

Resolved, That Sir Heneage Finch be -desired to -draw up the Petition against 'Monday Morning.

Resolved, That, when the Message is sent up to signify the Concurrence of this House to the Amendments sent from the Lords to the Bill, declaring Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, that this Petition shall also be carried up to the Lords for their Concurrence.

A Bill for confirming Three Acts made last Parliament was this Day read the First time.

Ordered, That it be read the Second time.

The Bill was read the Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingossed.

The said Bill, being ingossed, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That this Bill do pals.

Resolved, That the Title ol/the laid Bill be. An Act for confirming of Three Acts therein mentioned.

And

And then the House adjourned till Eight of the Clock, on Monday Morning.

LuneBy 2 90 Juliiy 130 Car. Regis.

Pr A Y ERS.

A Petition, on the Behalf of the Marquis

from the Lords and Commons, to the King, being, in pursuance of the Order of this House, prepared and brought in, was this Day twice read.

Ordered, That this Pedtion be fair writ, to be sent up to the Lords, for their Concurrence.

A Bill for the Endowment of several Churches by the Lord Viscount Scudamour, being ingrossed, was this Day read the Third time: And

Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Bill do pass. Resolved, That the Title of the said Bill be. An Act for the Endowment of several Churches by the Lord Viscount Scudamour.

A MelFage from the Lords, by Sir Nathanael Hobart and Sir Toby JVolrich, Two of the Mailers in Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down the Bill for restraining unlicensed and disorderly Printing, with some Amendments: To which they desire your Concurrence. Which Amendments being twice read The First Amendment being put to the Question; Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said Amendment.

The Question being put, for agreeing to the Second Amendment;

It passed in the Negative: And

Ordered, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, concerning the Second Amendment to the Bill.

And Mr. Salier is to go to the Lords to desire a Conference,

A Petition of William Balaam and Thomas Culpepper, Esquires was this Day read.

Ordered, That it -ber recommended to the 'Lord Bishop of Elye, to renew the Petitioners Lease, upon reasonable

Terms: And Mr. Speaker is desired to move his Lordship effectually therein from this House,

Mr. Waller reports, the Lords had agreed to a present Conference in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That Sir Heneage Finch, Doctor Birkenhead, Mr. Waller, and Mr. Prynn, do manage the Conference, andjprepare Reasons.

Ordered, That the Members-.of this House, who are of his Majesty's Privy-Council, be desired to attend the King, and humbly to move his Majesty, from this House, toiiffue a Proclamation to prohibit the Number of 'Horses that are employed in Carts and Waggons, Rnd excessive Carriage therein; and to confine them to a Certainty, that the Highways may be preferred.

"Sir Heneage Finch reports therReafons to be offered, at the Conference to be had with the Lords, upon-the/ Bill fortogutating Printing: Which, 'being read, were agreed to by the House; >3ndafeas fOlloweth:

Cannot agree to the Exceptions of the House of Peers, from being subject to Search.

n. The Bill is -to ipitevent a igeneral Mischief, which will not be prevented by this Exception, it being very possible, that this may be attempted chiefly in great Houses by Servants, without the Privity of their Lords, especially in Absence.

'2. The Matter of forrre Booksmay be..... Trea-

' son and Sedition, for which there neither is, nor ot^jht to be, any Sanctuary.

'3. The Mitter Of some Books may be tending to the Otei'throw of the'-Religion established'; which may come abroad freely, if there be a Privileged-PlaGc, -

4. All Houses, as well of Commons as Peers, are equally the Callles and Proprieties of the Owners: And therefore if all the Gentry of England submit their Hpufes for publick Safety, it would look as if we were prodigal of the Liberty of the Gentry, if we admit this Exception.

5. The very Exception IhewsMen the Way to attempt the Servants of Peers.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Thomas Bennett and Sir Thomas EJlcourt, Two of the Mailers in Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down the Bill for confirming the private Acts therein mentioned, with some Amendments.

Which Amendments being twice read;

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the Amendments. And

Ordered, That the Bill be amended: Which was accordingly done at the Clerk's Table.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Nathanael Hobart and Sir Toby Wolrich, Two of the Mailers in Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords concurr with the Commons in the Petition concerning the Marquis of Winchester-, and have appointed two Lords to deliver it to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Lord Bruce, the Lard Falkland, Sir Robert Howard, and Mr. Secretary Morice, do accompany the Lords in presenting the said Petition.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Thomas Bennett and SirTbomas EJlcourt, Two of the Mailers of the Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a present free Conference with this House, touching the Subject-Matter of the late Conference, in the Painted Chamber.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said free Conference.

And the Messengers being called in, Mr. Speaker did acquaint them. That this House had agreed to a present free Conference, in the Painted Cdamber.

Sir Heneage Finch reports, from the said free Conference, That the Lord Roberts did manage it: And *.

And the Proviso was twice read.

And the Question being put, That this House doth agree to the said Proviso;

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, to adhere to the Bill for regulating unlicensed and disorderly Printing j

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That a Conference be desired upon the Subject-Matter of the last free Conference: And the Lord Falkland is to go to the Lords to desire it.

Another Message from the Lords, by Sir Thomas Eft-court and Sir Toby Wolrich, Two of the Mailers in Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have returned the Bill for amending the Highways by with a Pro-

viso to be added: To which the Lords desire yoOr Concurrence.

The Proviso was twice read.

And the Question being put, to agree to the Proviso;

It passed in the Negative. And

Resolved, upon the Question, That this House doth adhere to the Bill without the Proviso.

Ordered, That a Conference be desired with the Lord} upon the Bill of the Highways.

And Sir Thomas Meres is to go up to the Lords so desire the Conference.

Sir Thomas Meres reports, from the Lords, touching -the Conference desired upon the Bill for Highways, That the Lords had consented to a -present Conference, after the first free Conference ended.

Ordered, That those that be appointed to manage the last Conference, and Serjeant Charleton, Sir Thomas Merest ^nd Mr. Coventry, do manage this Conference.

uoome

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of the Privy-Council, do attend his Majesty, and desire him to issue a Proclamation, to restrain the great Number of Horses and Oxen that are employed in Waggons, Carts, and Carriages, and also the great Burdens that are carried therein, whereby the Highways are much prejudiced; and to confine the Horses and Oxen which are employed, and the Burdens which are carried in Waggons and Carts, to such Numbers and Proportions, that the Highways may be preferred: And that the Members of this House, of his Majesty's Privy-Council, do also desire his Majesty to inhibit all Rebuilding or Repairing of any Houses in or near the Cities of London and , upon old Foun-

dations, except it be with Brick or Stone.

Resolved, That the Persons, who managed the Conference with the Lords upon the Bill for regulating unlicensed and disorderly Printing, have done well in the Ma-' naging thereof, and leaving the Bill with the Lords: And that Mr. Sollicitor-General, who was chiefly intrusted with this Business, have the Thanks of the House returned him. for his Care and discreet Carriage therein.

And Mr. Speaker did accordingly return Mr. Sollicitor the Thanks of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Eight of the Clock, Tomorrow Morning.

Mart is, 30° yuliiy 13° Car. Regis.-

Prayers.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Thomas Eftcourt . and, Sir Nathanael Hobart;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a present free Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Bill for amending the Highways in and near Westminster.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said free Conference. ' \

And the Messengers being called in, Mr. Speaker acquainted them, That the House had agreed to a present free Conferences:

Ordered, That the same Persons that did manage the last, do manage this free Conference.

Which Proviso was as followeth:

" Provided always, That nothing in the Palling of this Bill, nor any thing, therein contained, shall extend to the Prejudice of the Privileges of both or either of the Houses of Parliament, or any of them but that all the Privileges of the said Houses, or either of them, shall be and remain, and be construed to be and remain, as they were before the Pafling of this Act; any thing therein contained to"the Contrary notwithstanding."

And the said Proviso being twice read, this House agreed upon an Amendment to the said Proviso, sent down from the Lords, which was as followeth:

Amendment to the Proviso, sent by the Lords, to be added to the Bill for Paving and Repairing the Highways from Charing Cross to the Stone- Bridge, beyond

Pickadilly, &c.

A fter the Word " nothing," and before the Word " in," insert these Words, " in this Act shall be understood, or shall extend to the admitting or creating of any Right ot ‘Privilege to either House of Parliament, which have not formerly and justly belonged to either of themand leave "out all the rest of -the Words in the Proviso.

Resolved, That a Bill be brought in, the next Meeting of the Parliament, after this Recel's, to make it Felony for those that shall steal and carry away Children.

And Mr. Alderman Fowheis desired to prepare and bring" in the Bill.

Sir John Eyton, Usher of the Black Rod, brought, this Message;

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty forthwith in the House of Peers.

Whereupon Mr. Speaker, accompanied with the Members of this HOule, did presently go up to the House of Peers, to wait upon his Majesty.

And Mr. Speaker, at his Return, did acquaint the House, That his Majesty did return Thanks to this House for the good Bills they had passed: But, there being many more in Forwardness, his Majesty was pleased to direct both Houses to adjourn till the Twentieth of November.

Whereupon it was Resolved, That this House be adjourned till the Twentieth of November next.

Mercurii, 20° die Novemsdmio Regni'

Caro It, 2dlRegis 130.,

Prayers.

A Bill for reforming Corruptions, Grievances, Abuses, Delays, Vexations, Exactions, and unnecessary Expences in the Law and Courts of publick Justice,-was this Day read the First time.

The Question being put. That this Bill be read again-the Second time on This-day-sevennight;

It was resolved on the Affirmative.

A Bill for reguladng the Manufacture of Clothing was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read again the Second time on This-day-sevennight.

Ordered, That all standing and constant Committees be revived, and do fit at the usual Times and Places i And that the several-Committees for publick Bills be also revived; and do meet in the Speaker's Chamber this Afternoon; and adjourn to the usual Times and Places of their Sitting.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections, at their Sitting Tomorrow in the Afternoon, the first Business, do fend for the Clerk of the Crown, and examine the Abuse in suppressing the Writ issued for the Election of a Knight for the County of Brecon , and do make Report of it the next Morning after to this House.

Sir John Eyton, Ulher of the Black Rod, came with a Message from his Sacred Majesty;

Mr. Speaker,

The King calls this Honourable House to attend His Majesty forthwith in the House of Peers.

Mr. Speaker reports to the House the Effect of his Majesty's Speech.

Ordered, That the Advance of the King's Majesty's Revenue be taken into Consideration the first publick Business Tomorrow Morning.'

And then the House adjourned till Eight of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

7 Resolved, That this House doth agree to the Proviso sent horn the Lords, with the Amendment; and to pals the Bill, with the Proviso amended and agreed to.

Ordered, That Sir Baynham Throgmorton do go to the t/ords., to desire a Conference upon the Subject-Matter of the last free Conference.

Sir Baynham Throgmorton reports, from the Lords, That they had consented to a present Conference in the Painted Chamber.

Jovis, 2i° die Noroembrisy 13° Car. Regis 2d\

Prayers.

ORdered, That the Petition of Elizabeth Pinckney Widow, be recommended to the Consideration of the Committee of Grievances,

Ordered,

13 Car. II. Journals the

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue a Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, for the making out a Writ, for a new Election of a Citizen for the City of Old Sarum, instead of Mr. Swanton, deceased.

' A Bill for importing of Madder, pure and unmixed, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Comptroller, Mr. , Mr. Francis

Finch, Mr. Knight, Sir Solomon , Mr. Mr.

Wm. Sandys, Mr. Rigby, Sir Tho. , Sir

Leigh, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Spry, Sir JF/&. , Colonel Kyrkby, Lord Richardson, Mr. Sir Richard

Everard, Mr. Robinson, Mr. F<mv, Sir George,

Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Antbo>iy , Sir Henry Mr. Mr. Ashburnham, Sir JVmF. Crr/j), Sir

Harrijfon, Dr. Burwell, Mr. Jewr, Sir Mr. Smith, Sir Baynam ‘Throgmorton, Mr. Sir

Duncombe, and Sir Henry Newton: And they are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber, at Two of the Clock, this Afternoon: And to fend for Papers, Persons, and Records.

Ordered, That aMefiage be sent to the Lords, to desire their Concurrence with this House, to petition his Majesty to issue a Proclamation for disarming the disbanded and cashiered Officers and Soldiers; and to command them to depart from, and not to approach within Twenty Miles of, this City, for such time as his Majesty shall think fit.

And Mr. Secretary Maurice is to carry up this Message to the Lords.

His Majesty's gracious Speech was this Day read in the House by Mr. Speaker.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue a Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Election of a Burgess for Lurge in the County of Wills,

in the Place of Mr. Jeffery Palmer, deceased.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Nathanael Hobart and Sir Wm.Glafcoek

Mr. Speaker, The Lords do concurr with the House of Commons in the last Message; and have appointed Six of their Members to attend the King, to know when his Majesty will be waited upon.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary Maurice, Mr. Comptroller, Sir Henry Wood, Mr. William Sandys, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir George Cartcrett, Sir Robert Howard, Sir Baynham Throgmorton, \joxdMandevileMr. John Sir

Philip Warwick, and Sir Humphry Winch, do also attend his Majesty from this Eloule.

Resolved, upon the Question, That

the Sum of Twelve hundred thousand Pounds shall be speedily raised for Supply of the King's Majesty's present Occasions: And that the House do resolve into a Grand Committee Tomorrow Morning, to consider of the Manner of railing it.

The House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, at Eight of the Clock.

Veneris, 22 0 Novembris,'

Prayers.

f\Rdered, That Walter Vaughan Esquire, late Sheriff of the County of Brecon, who was summoned to attend touching some Miscarriage alleged to have been in the last Election of aKnight for the said County, be discharged of further Attendance, paying his Fees.

A Bill for Repair of Bengeworth Bridge in the County of Worcester was this Day read the Second time.

Ref shed, upon the Question, That the said Bill be

House of Commons. 317

committed to Colonel Gilby, Sir I/incelott Lake, Sir Thomas Leigh, Mr. Streete, Colonel Legg, Sir Robert Brooke,

Mr. Scudamore, Or. Arris, Sir Wi Mr Mr. Tompkins, Mr. Reames, Sir Mr.

Sir John Shaw, Mr. Walden, Mr. William Mr.

Rigby, Mr. Churchill, and all the Members of this House, that serve for the Counties of Worcester, and

Shropshire: And they are to meet at Two of the Clock, this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, Witnesses, and Records.

A Bill for executing certain Persons, which are attainted for High Treason, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That this Bill be read again the Second time on Monday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, when the House is full: And that such of the Persons attainted named in the Bill, as are now in the Tower, do then appear, and have Liberty to offer what they can for themselves. And Sir John Robinson, Lieutenant of the Tower, is to give Notice hereof to the Persons before-mentioned and to cause them to be brought on Monday, at Ten of the Clock, to attend this House.

Ordered, That the King's Majesty be desired to fend for John Lambert and Sir Henry Vane, back again to the Tower of London, in order to their Trial: And that his Majesty be further desired to fend for Hardress Waller, lately called Sir Hardress Waller, and such other Persons

attainted of High Treason, as were lately sent away, back again to the Tower to the end they may be in Readiness to attend this House, when they shall be called: And Sir Richard Everard, Mr. Tompkins, Sir Colonel Legg, Sir George Ryve, Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. John

Ashburnham, Mr. Winston Churchill, Mr. Henry Seymour, Mr. Prynn, are to attend his Majesty from this House, with this Message.

Serjeant Charleton reports, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, as to the Business in suppressing the Writ for Election of a Knight for the County of Brecon, That the Clerk of the Crown did, on the 14th of last, receive Mr. Speaker's Warrant for issuing of the said Writ by the Hands of Colonel Jefferyes, to whom he delivered the said Writ the next Day, being the 15th of August last: And that the said Writ is now delivered to the Sheriff; and the Election is to be on Wednesday next.

Ordered, That, for the future, when any Writ shall be delivered for a new E left ion of any Member to serve in Parliament, the Party that doth receive the Writ shall deliver or cause the same forthwith to be sent and delivered to the proper Officer of the Place, for which the Election is to be made.

A Bill for the preventing the unnecessary Charge of Sheriffs, and for Ease in passing their Accompts, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read again the Second time on Tuesday Morning next.

And then the House resolved itself into a Grand Committee of the whole House, to proceed Upon the Vote made Yesterday for the Twelve hundred thousand Pounds, to be raised for the Supply of his Majesty's present Occasions.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Serjeant Charleton took the Chair: And Mr. Speaker again took the Chair:

And Serjeant Charleton made Report to the House, That the Committee of the whole House had voted. That the Sum of Twelve hundred thousand Pounds, voted as a Supply for his Majesty's present Occasions, shall be raised by way of a monthly Assessment at the Rate of Seventy thousand Pounds a Month, upon all Lands, Tenements, Offices, Rents, Hereditaments, and personal Estates! And that the Committee desired the House might again resolve itself into a Grand Committee To- morrow, at Ten of the Clock, to proceed upon the Debate of the Proportions. Resolved, That this House do Tomorrow, at Ten of 4 L the

the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the said Debate.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, at Eight of the Clock.

Sabbati, 23° Novembris, Car. Regis 130.

Prayers.

JRdered, That John Chute alias Tute, Bailiff of the Liberty of the Sanctuary Wand John,

be apprehended by the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, and brought in Custody to the Committee of Privileges, for arresting IVill. Ma, menial Servant to Charles Rofcarrock Esquire, one of the Members of this House, in Breach of the Privilege thereof.

A Bill for the making void certain Fines, unduly procured to be levied by Sir Edward Powell Knight and Baronet, and Dame Mary his Wife, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Bill be committed to Sir Adrian Scroope, Lord Lord St.

John, Mr. Fane, Sir John Brampston. Sir Lord Ancram, Sir Rich. Onslow, Sir Compton, Sir John Strangwaies, Mr. Winflon Churchill, Sir Anth.

Lord Falkland, Mr. John Vaughan, Sir Drake, Sir Robert Howard, Sir George Sonds, Mr. Newport, Sir George Ryve, Mr. York, Mr. Clifford, Sir Antb. Cope,

Sir Wm. Doyley, Mr. Robert Crocke, Sir John Covert, Mr.

Dennis, Sir hCm.Drake, Mr. Fretcbvile, Sir Richard IngoJdJby, Sir Wm. Bowyer, Mr. Strangwaies, Colonel Sam. Sandys, Mr. Price, Sir Dr. Birkenhead, Sir Wm. Tirringham, Sir Rich. Sir

Henry Newton, Mr. Kent, Ser-

jeant Char let on. Lord Vaughan, Mr. Waller, Sir Meres, Sir Henry North, Colonel Windham, Mr. Crouch, Mr. John Lovelace, and all the Gentlemen of this House that are of the Long Robe: And they are to meet in the Exchequer-Chamber, on Tuefnext, at Two of the Clock, in the Afternoon: And to fend for Persons, Papers, WitndTes, and Records: And all Persons concerned are to have Notice, that they may attend.

Ordered, That the Committee for Mr. s Bill

be revived , and do fit in the Speaker's Chamber on Monday next, in the Afternoon, at Two of the Clock: And that Sir Justinian Isham, Mr. Tomkins, Mr. Lord

Brereton, Sir Thomas Wendy, Mr. Taylor, Dr. Burwell, Sir John Covert, be added to the said Committee.

A Bill for making Orders and By-Laws, for Well-ordering and Governing of Common Fields, was this Day read the Second time. And

Resolved, upon the Question, That the same be committed to Tie Antb. Cope, Mr. Goodrich, Mr. Chi chiey, Mr. Long, Sir I ho. Allen, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Rigby, Mr.

Dowdflwell, Sir Robert Brooke, Lord St. John, Mr. Reames, Mr. Bunckley, Sir John Strangwaies, Sir Lancelot Lake, S\r Anth. Irby, Colonel Windham, Mr. Steward, Sir Reger Bradshaw, Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. Morley, Mr. Wm. Sandis, Mr. Gold, Sir George Sondis, Colonel Strangewaies, Mr. John Bennett, Sir Theop. Biddulph, Mr. Prynn, Mr. Walden, Mr. Mr. Spencer,

Mr. Seymour, Sir Robert Holt, Mr. Steward, Mr. Knight,

Sir Tho. Middleton, Sir Henry Capcll, Lord Ancram, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Cat ton. Sir Tho. IngramSir Mr. Wren, Sir Tho. Wendy, Mr. Mr. Tayler,

Sir Rich. Francklyn, Sir Wm. Compton, Mr. Birch, Mr. Phillips, Sir Maurice Berkely, Sir John Roufle, Mr. Clifford, Mr. Wm. Harbord, Sir Mr. George,

Mr. Oldfeild, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Tho. Bludzvorth,

Mr. Harvey, Mr. Henry Seymour, Sir John Shaw, Sir Nicholas Criflp, Mr. Dunfler: And they are to meet on Monday next, in die Star-Chamber, at Two of the Clock:

And all that come are to have Voices: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Tomkins made Report, from the Committee, appointed to attend his Majesty for remanding Sir Henry Vane, and Lambert, and the Persons attainted. That, according to the Command of this House, they had waited upon his Majesty, and prelect a! to him the Order: Which he graciously read, and returned this Answer; That he would take care, that Vane, and Lambert, and Waller, should be brought in fife Custody: And that, in the Close, his Majesty took Notice of the Word " others,'* in the Order; and expressed how exceeding much he was beholden to the House of Commons for their great Gilt, and the Manner of it in giving it so freely.

A Bill for Anthony Etherick, to enable him to fell Lands, to pay his Debts, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read again the Second time on This-day-sevennight.

Ordered, That the Persons under-named be appointed a Committee to inspect and take the Accompts of the Commissioners for Disbanding and Paying off the Army and Navy: Sir Rich. Ford, Sir John Goodrich, Sir Edmund Pooley, Mr. Winston Churchill, Mr Sir

Sir Wm.Batten, Sir John Strangwaies, Colonel

Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Tho. Leigh, Sir Justinian Ifloam, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Edw. Nicholas, Mr. Tomkins, Mr. Knight, Sir Henry Wood, Sir John Duncorr.be, Sir Anth.

Cepe, Mr. John Ashburnham,

ward, Sir Henry Puckering alias Newton, Mr.

Lord Falkland, Sir George Ryve, Sir Henry North, Mr. Whorwood, Mr. Yorke, Sir George Sondis, Sir Ralph Bankes, Mr. Gold, Mr. George, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Henry Seymour, Sir Tho. Strickland, Mr. Clerk, Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. Dunfler, Mr. Edw.Seymour, Mr. Clifford, Mr. Jolly,

Sir Thcoph. Biddolph, Sir Tho. Sir John

binfon, Mr. Wm. Sandis, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir John Shaw, Sir Ntch. Crisp, Mr. Long, Mr. Chicheley, Mr. Jones, Mr. Fane, Sir Phillip Warwick, Colonel Windham, Sir John Brampflon, Mr Chetwind, Serj. Charleton, Mr.

Oldfeild, Mr. Dowdfwell, Mr.

Cullen, Sir John Covert, Mr. Whorwood, Sir Tho. Allen, Mr. Yorke, Sir John Nicholas, Sir Lancelot Lake, Sir Robert Brooke, Sir Wm. Harbord, Mr. Vaughan: And they are to meet in the Inner Court of Wards on Monday next, at Two of the Clock: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House resolved into a Grand Committee, to resume the Debate of the One million Two hundred thousand Pounds.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Serjeant Charleton took the Chair of the Committee:

And

Mr. Speaker again took the Chair.

Serjeant Charleton reports, from the Committee of the whole House, That they had voted, that the Proportions upon the several Counties shall, for this time, be the same as are expressed in an Act for the raising of Seventy thousand Pounds, for the further Supply of his Majesty, confirmed by this present Parliament: And that the Committee desired, that the House would again resolve into a Committee of the whole House, on next, at Ten

of the Clock, to proceed in further Debate concerning the Supply for his Majfty's present Occasions.

Resolved, That this House do then resolve into a Committee to proceed in the said Debate.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, at Eight of the Clock.

Lu?uer

13 Car. II. Journals of the

Lunce, 2 ffdie Novembris, 130

Prayers.

A Bill to confirm an Act, for restoring of the Marquis of Hertford to the Dukedom of , was this

Day read the First. time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read again the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, upon the Question, That no Member of this House do grant any Protection to any, but such only as are their menial Servants: And that all Protections already granted to any other Persons, besides menial Servants, be forthwith withdrawn, and called in: And that this Order be forthwith printed and published.

Resolved) upon the Question, That a Message be sent to the Lords to acquaint them, that, upon a Complaint made to this House of the great Inconvenience and Grievance in granting Protections, this House had made an Order to withdraw all Protections granted by their Members , and to prohibit the granting any, for the future, to any Persons, lave only to their menial Servants: And to recommend it to the Lords, to take this Matter also into their Care and Consideration.

And Mr. Vaughan is to carry up this Message to the Lords.

A Bill to enable Charles Bar, and Gilbert his Son and Heir apparent, to fell Lands for the Payment of the Debts of the said Charles Barnejley the Father, was this Pay read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read again the Second time on This-day-sevennight.

A Bill against importing of foreign Wool-cards, Card-wire, and Iron-wire, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, That the same be committed to Serjeant Char let on) Mr. Pryn, Mr. K, Mr. , Sir Edm. Peirce) Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. Street, Sir Rich.

Sir John *, Mr. Jolly, Mr. Kyte, Sir Sir Wm. Doyley, Sir Rich.Br Colonel Lord

Cornebury, Mr. Wm, Sandis, Lord Ancram, Mr.

Lord Rich. Buteler, Mr. John , Sir

man, Sir George Reeve, Sir The. , Sir John Good-rick, Mr. 7'crke, Hlx.Jay, Mr. Goodrich,

Mr. Culleford, Mr. George, Mr. Kent, Sir Rich. Temple, Mr. Secretary Maurice, Sir Baynham Throgmorton, Mr. Chetzvind, Lord Newburgh, Colonel Windham, Mr. Colonel Kirby, Mr. John VaughanSir Anthony , Lord

OJfory, Sir Theoph. Biddulph, Mr. Maurice Berkeley, Mr. Clifford, Sir John Roll, Sir Thomas Meres: And they are to meet in the Exchequer-Chamber Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Two of the Clock: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

This House taking into Consideration the Matter touching the Exportation of Wool, and Importation of foreign Stuffs,

Resolved, That the Debate thereof be adjourned, and taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for Execution of certain Persons, attainted of High Treason, was this Day read the Second time: And Owen Roe, Henry Smith, Robert Ticbburne, James Temple, Wm. Haveningham, Gilbert Millington, land, Henry Martin, George Fleetwood, Thomas Waite,

Peter Temple, and John Downes, Twelve of the said Persons attainted of High Treason, being in the Custody of the Lieutenant of the Tower, were successively brought to the Bar by the Serjeant attending this House , and did severally allege for themselves, that, upon his Majesty's gracious Declaration from Breda, and the Votes of this House, and his Majesty's Proclamation of the Sixth of June in the Twelfth Year of his Reign, published by Advice of the Lords and Commons then assembled, they did

4

House of Commons. 3 ip

render themselves, being advised that they should thereby secure their Lives , and humbly craved the Benefit thereof, and the Mercy of this House, and their Mediation to his Majesty, on their Behalves.

And the Lieutenant of the Tower made Return, That Edmond Harvey, Hardress Waller, and Robert Lillurr.i, were removed out of his Custody into other remote Prisons: That Isaac Pennington was lick, and unable to come: That Vincent Potter was dead: And

was never in his Custody.

Resolved, upon the Question, That all the said Persons, who were brought to the Bar, be remanded to the Tower: And that the Debate of the Bill for their Execution, be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Eight of the Clock, Tomorrow Morning.

Martis, 2 6° die Novembris, 130 Car. Regis

Prayers.

f\Rdered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for making navigable the River Stower, See. is committed, be revived and do meet this Afternoon, in the Place formerly appointed.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for Common Fields is committed, be revived j and do meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon in the Place formerly appointed.

A Bill for confirming an Act for Restitution of the Earl of Arrundell, Surrey, and Norfolke, to the Dignity and Title of Duke of Norfolke, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read again the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

This House resuming the Debate of the Order made the Fifth of July last, for the Commitment of the Bill, sent from the Lords for the draining of the Level of the Fens, called Lindsey Level; whereby it was ordered. That no Members of the Committee, that were concerned in point of Interest, as Owners, Undertakers, or Adventurers, were to have any Votes thereat, thought fit to in-large and extend that Claufo: And

Ordered, That no Members of the said Committee, that are Owners, Undertakers, or Adventurers, or otherwise concerned, in point of Interest, in the Fens in Question, shall have any Vote thereat.

An Act for confirming an Act for restoring of the Marquis of Hertford to the Dukedom of Somersett, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the same be committed to Sir Hump. Winch, Mr. Comptroller, Sir Capell, Lord Cornebury, Sir Solomon Swale, Lord Seymour, Lord Falkland, Lord Dromore, Mr. Vaughan, Lord St. John, Colonel Windham, Sir Lancelot Lake, Lord Gorges, Sir Maurice Berkeley, Sir John Nicholas, Mr. Clifford, Mr. Waldron, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Philip Warwick, Mr. Collins, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Culliford, Mr. Birch, Lord Mansfeild, Sir Hen. Puckering, Mr. Knight, Colonel Legg, Sir Ralph Hare, Mr. Steward, Mr. Tomkins. Sir Wm. Lewis, Sir Robert Brooke, Sir John Robinson, Mr. Street, Mr. Edward Seymour, Mr. Pryn, Mr. peffen. Sir Hugh Windham, Mr. Six Thomas

Leigh, Mr. Robert Phillips, Sir Henry Bennett, Mr. Daniel!, Mr. Henry Seymour, Mr Sir George Reeve,

Sir Wm.Portman, Sir Henry North, Sir Tho. Wendy, Mr. Robert Crooke, Sir Adrian Scroope, Mr Mr

fein, Mr. Puckering, M.r.Goodricke, Mr. Churchill, Mr. Long, Lord Mandevill, Sir Edmond Peirce, Sir John Dun-

combe,

combe, Sir John Nicholas, Colonel Gilby, Sir John Covett, Mr. Mainwering: And they are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the After-Ar.d to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

noon

A Bill for preventing the uiineceflary Charge of Sheriffs, and for Ease in passing their Accompts, was this Day read the Second time.

Rtfclved, That the same be committed to Mr. Pryn, l ord Falkland, Sir Robert How Lord Dromore, Sir

Anih. Irby, Lord Cavendish, Sir Philip Warwick, Mr.

Ton. kins.Sir George Ryves, Sir Henry North, Sir Allen, Mr Culleford, Sir Win. Bowye Lord Mr.

Sreet, Six Win. Compton, Lord Newburgh, Mr. Steward,

Sir Edmond Pooley, Mr. Wm. Sandys, Sir John Covert, Colonel Leg, Mr. Chelwind, Mr. , Mr.

cOik, Mr. Stafford, Colonel Sandis, Mr. Robert Crooke,

Sir Rowland Berkeley, Sir John DunccSir

Serjeant Char let on, Mr. Tcrke, Lord Sax Henry

Bennett, Sir Solomon Swale, Colonel Kirby, Sir John Brampflon, Sir Benjamin Ayloffe, Sir Lancelott Lake, Sir Rich. Onslow, Sir Edmond Bowyer, Dr. Birkenhead, Sir I ho. Leigh, Sir William Doy ley, Sir John Goodrich, Mr.

Thurland, Sir Tho. Lee, Six John Nicholas, Mr. Scudamore, Mr. Mainwaring, Mr. Lovelace, Mr. Churchill,

Sir Ral[h Bancks, Sir George Carterett, Sir

Sir John Talbott, Mr. Mompejfcn, Mr. Mr. Weld,

Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Edm. Peirfe, Mr. Sir John

Marley, Mr. Goodrich, Mr. Reymes, Mr. Price, Sir Widdrington, Sir Tho. Ingram, Mr. Wild, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Robert Brooke, Mr. James, Lord Richardson, Mr. Knight, Mr. Lutterell, Six John Cary, Sir Sir Henry Anderson: And they are to meet in the Exchequer-Chamber Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And, particularly, to call before them the Officers of the Exchequer: And to consider how the Charge in puffing of Sheriffs Accompts may be eased and accommodated.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for Repair of the Key of Wells is committed, be revived; and do meet in the Speaker's Chamber on Friday next, at Two of the Clock.

Hump. Winch, Mr. Whcrwcod, Mr. Low, Mr. Clifford, Sir Henry Puckering, Sir Tho. Strickland, Mr. Scudamore, Mr.

Weld, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Attorney of the Duchy, Mr. bor d, Mr. Mount ague. Sir John Vaughan, Sir John Covert, Mr. Steward, Sir Theop. Biddelph, Sir John Robinson, Mr.

Pleadwell, Sir Edmond Peirfe; Sir Thomas Mceres,. Sir Allan Broderick, Mr. Walrond, Sir Littleton, Sir Temple, Mr. Eulteele, Lord MansfAnd they are to meet in the Star-Chamber To-mcrrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to take into Consideration the Petitions, Affidavits, and other Papers, tendered by the Prisoners: And to fend for Papers, Persons, and Records.

die Novem,

Ref is 2m.

3° Car.

Mercurii, 2 yc

TRAVERS.

QRdered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill against importing of foreign Wool-cards, Card-wire, and Iron-wire, was committed, be revived; and be adjourned, to meet on Thursday next, at Two of the Clock, in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer-Chamber.

Ordered, That all other Committees, that were to meet Yesterday, be revived-, and do meet this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, at the PLces formerly appointed.

Upon reading of the Petition of the Inhabitants of St. Paul's Covent-Garden -,

Ordered, That the said Inhabitants of Pauls Covent-Garden, and of St. Martin's in the Fields, and all other Persons interfiled, be heard before the Committee, to whom the Bill for confirming an Act, nude for making Covent-Garden a Parish, is committed, before they do make Report of that Bill.

A Bill for confirming an Act for restoring the Earl of Ar, Norfolk, and Surrey, to the Dignity and Title of Duke of was this Day read the Second time.

Refclvcd, upon the Question, That the said Bill be committed to Lord Sir Rich. Onslow, Six George

RySir Wm. Lewis, Mr. Gawdy, Sir Rob. HcvjarJ, Lord Bruce, Lord Herbert, I ord Richardson, Mr. Robert Phillips, Lord Cornebury, Colonel Legg, Lord,

Sir Tho. Strickland, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Clifford, Lord

D, Sir Robert Holt, Mr. Steward, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Newport, Six Solomon Swale, Sir Sir Rob. Brooke, Sir Wm. Doyley, Dr. Birka:kead, Mr. Scudamore, Sir Henry Eemiett, Lord St. John, Mr. Bul-teele, Mr. Spry, Mr. Goring, Colonel *, Mr. Thur-la, Mr. Churchill, Sir Wm. Fleetwood, Mr. Robert Crooke, Sir Mr. Sir Charles Blount,

Sir Lord Mr. Chetwin, Nix. Will.

Coventry, Sir Hugh IVindham, Sir Thomas Leigh, Sir Antb. Cope, Mr. Peckham, Mr. Wm. Sandys, Mr. Prelaw ny, Sir John Talbott, and all the Members of this House that serve for the Counties of Norfolke and Surrey: And they are to meet Tomorrow, in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer-Chamber, at Two of the Clock: And to fend for, and take into Consideration, the Af t made by the King, with the Advice of the Lords and Commons in the last Assembly-, and also the Copy of the Letters-Patent granted to the First Duke of and the Indict-

ment of the last Duke -, and such other Papers and Records, as they Hull find necessary.

Upon reading of the Petition of Thomas Maurice Esquire, a^Member of this House

Ordered, That the same of the said Mr. Maurice, in Relation to the Manor of Boyton-Hall in (a Leal'e whereof for Or.c-and-twenty Years was granted unto him by Roger Nightingale, one of the Petty Canons of St. Paul's Goodricke, Nlx. Goodricke, Sir Edmond Bowyer, Nix. Clifford, Church, London, lately deceased) be recommended to his Mr. Churchill, Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. Swinfein, Sir John Majesty's Commissioners for Relief of Purchasers , to take Shaw, Mr. Torke, Sir John Nicholas, Sir Robert Holt, Sir the same into Consideration, and give such Relief as they

i ' shall

The House then resumed the Debate of the Bill for Execution of the Persons attainted of High Treason.

And his Majesty's Proclamation pleaded by such of the hid Persons as were Yesterday brought to the Bar, being read; after a long Debate,

The Question being put. That, upon Consideration of the King's Majesty's Proclamation, pleaded by the Prisoners brought Yesterday to the Bar, the Bill for their Execution should be laid aside The House was divided.

And the Noes went forth.

Sir Henry North, f Tellers for the Yeas: 7 Mr. Higgcns, \ With the Yeas, 3

Lord Cornebury, f Tellers for the Noes: 7 Mr. Mount ague, \ With the Noes, f

So it passed in the Negative: And Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Bill, for Execution of the Persons attainted of High Treason, be committed to Mr. Lovelace, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Henry North, Sir Maurice Berkeley, Sir Courtney Poole, Mr.

Bulkley, Sir George Ryve, Mr. Dowdfwell, Sir Edward Wife, Mr. Reymes, Mr. Higgons, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Deve-reux. Lord Cornebury, Sir John Covert, Mr. Thurland, Mr. Fane, Sir Henry Worfley, Mr. Knight, Mr. Peckham,

Sir Baynbam Throckmorton, Mr. Tomkins, Colonel Legg, Sir Edm. Peirfe, Colonel Gilby, Sir Charles Harbord, Lord Cornebury, Six Edward Vaughan, Mr. Birch, Mr. Potter, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Jones, Serjeant Charleton, Serj. Keeling, Sir Philip Warwicke, Lord Sir

109.

124.

Car. IT. journals of the House of Commons. 321

shall find Cause: And, in the mean time, it is desired, by this House, that die Dean and Chapter of Dr the Successor of the said Roger , do forbear

to grant any new Ixafe of the said Manor to any other Person: And, if the aforesaid Commissioners cannot reconcile the Difference, then they are desired to certify Matter of Faff, with their Opinions, to this House.

Ordered, That the Bill for reforming Abuses in the Law and Courts of Justice be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Meers do, on Friday next, by Nine of the Clock in the Morning, make Report of the Bill for confirming the Act concerning Ministers.

And then the House resolved into a Committee of the whole House, further to debate the Matter of his Majesty's present Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Serjeant Char let on took the Chair.

After which Mr. Speaker again took the Chair.

And the House taking that Matter into Debate;

Resolved, upon the Question, That there be Eighteen Months Assessment, at Seventy thousand Pounds a Month.

Resolved also, upon the Question, That the Eighteen Months Assessment shall commence from the Five-and-twentieth of December next.

Resolved further, upon the Question, That the Eighteen Months Assessment be raised by Six Quarterly Payments j and the First Payment to be the Five-and-twentieth of March next.

Ordered, That Mr. Sollicitor-General, Serjeant Maynard, Serjeant Keeling, Serjeant , Serjeant

ford, Mr. John Vaughan, and Mr. Prynn, be desired to prepare and bring in a Bill, pursuant to these and the former Votes: And the Matter is specially recommended to the Care of Serjeant Charleton.

Ordered, That the Persons undernamed be appointed a Committee, to consider, and propound to this House, such Ways as they shall think fit, for a further Supply,

Reparation, and Ease of his Majesty's loyal and suffering Subjects, who have faithfully and constantly served his Majesty, or his Royal Father j Serjeant Charleton, Sir Baynham Throckmorton, Sir Tho. Strickland, Mr.

Sir Hugh Windham, Lord Bruce, Lord Falkland, Sir Rob. Howard, Mr. Wn>. Sandis, Sir Tho. Wendy, Mr. Glascock, Colonel Kir'Ay, Mr. Mount ague. Colonel Sandis, Colonel Leg, Sir Maurice Berkeley, Sir Wm. Compton, Sir Courtney Poole, Mr. Lozvther, Mr. Rob. Crooke, Sir Charles Huffey, Lord Fanfhaw, Mr. Fane, Mr. Churchill, Colonel Giles

Strangwaies, Colonel Fretchvile, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Lancelot Lake, Sir Robert Brooke, Sir Adrian Scroope, Sir "John Talbott, Mr. Henry Coventry, Sir Allan Broderick, Sir John Goodrich, Sir Francis Clerke, Sir Rich. Ford, Dr.

Birkenhead, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Sir Mr.

Clerke, Sir Robert Bolls, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Harvard, Colonel Edward Windham, Sir Tho. Leigh, Lord Cornebury, Mr. Reames, Mr. Scudamore, Colonel Francis Windham, Sir Hen. Puckering alias Newton, Lord Brere-ton. Colonel Robinson, Sir Edm. Peirce, Sir Henry Bennet, Sir John Duncombe, Colonel Whitley, Mr. Rigby; Mr. Tomkins, Mr. Price, Colonel Shackerley, Mr. Newton, Mr. Eyre, Sir John Robinson, Mr. Lewis Palmer: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at 7'wo of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, at Eight of the Clock.

yovisy 28° die Novembris, 130 Car. Regis

Prayers.

f\Rdered, That the Committee appointed to inspect the Accompts of the Commissioners of the Army and

Navy shall have Power to call before them, and to inspect the Accompts of, the Treasurers of the Monies appointed for Payment of the Army and Navy; viz. Sir John Lawson. Sir James NeltSir Tho. Player by himself, and Sir Thomas Player, and others with him, appointed Treasurers by Act of the lad Assembly: And Sir George Carterett is desired to attend the Committee.

Ordered, That all Members of this TIoufe, that shall come to the Committee, to whom the Biils for Level are committed, who are not concerned in point of Interest, shall have Votes at the said Committees.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling Henry Chambers, William Wharton, and John Clay, to levy Two thousand Six hundred and Ninety Pounds out of the Estate of Mr. John Hutchinson, was committed, be revived; and do fit in the Speaker's Chamber Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That all Members of this I Ioufe, that shall come to the Committee for preventing of the unnecessary Charge of Sheriffs, and for Ease in passing their Accompts, shall have Votes at that Committee.

A Bill for the Regulating the Making of Stuffs in Ncr-folke and Norwich was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read again the Second time on Saturday Morning next.

A Bill for Ascertaining the Duties of Subsidies and Aul-; nage was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read again the Second time on This-day-sevennight.

A Bill for Repairing, Cleansing, Paving, and keeping clean, the Streets and Highways in the Cities of London and Westminster, and Places adjoining, was this Day read the First time.

This House taking into further Debate the great Gricve-ance to the People, occasioned by Protections;

Resolved, That all Protections, and written Certificates: Of the Members of this House, be declared void in Law; and be forthwith withdrawn, and called in; and that none, be granted for the future: And that the Privilege of Members for their menial Servants be observed according to Law: And that, if any menial Servant shall be arrested and detained, contrary to Privilege, he shall, upon Complaint thereof made, be discharged by Order from the Speaker.

Ordered, Thai This be forthwith printed and published.'

Mr. Secretary Morrice informing this House, That his-‘ Majesty, making the Good of his People the Subjects of his Thoughts, and considering, that the Calling-in of Money called the Commonwealth's Money, by the last of this Month, might be prejudicial to his People, and hazard the Exportation of a great Part thereof, was graciously pleased, by the Advice of his Privy Council, to direct a Proclamation to be issued, signifying his Majesty's Pleasure to accept of the said Money, in.any Payment to-be made to his Majesty, till the Five-and-twentieth 6f March next.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary Morrice do return the humble Thanks of this House to his Majesty', for his Grace and Favour therein.

And then this House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, at Eight of the Clock.'

4 M y

Veneris, 29° die JStovem. 130 Car. Regis.

Praters.

<yOHN Zeckell ', Son of Matth born in Rum* J berge in Lusatia, did this Day take the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance at the Clerk's Table, in order to his Naturalization.

A Bill to enable a Sale of the Lands and Tenements late of Edward Rivers Esquire, to pay his Debts, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read again the Second time on Thisday-sevennight, the first Bill.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Lord Sir

Anthony Irby, and Mr. Long, do look into the Act made primo Jacobi, for draining certain Fenny Grounds, therein

mentioned, in Lincolneshire, undertaken by ‘Thomas Lovell F.squire; and have Liberty to bring in a Bill to restrain the Proviso in that Act; and to provide, that the Work of draining those Fens may be effectually performed.

A Bill for Regulating the County Court for the County of Wilts was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read again the Second time On This-day-sevennight.

An ingossed Bill, to confirm several Decrees heretofore made, for confirming the Estates of several Tenants and Copyholders of the Manor of , in the County of

Lane after, was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title of the said Bill shall be. An Act for confirming the Copyhold Estates of divers of his Majesty's Copyhold Tenants, within the Honour of Clitherow in the County Palatine of Lancaster, Parcel of the Duchy of Lancaster, according unto several Decrees in the Court of Duchy-Chamber of the said County Palatine.

An ingossed Bill, for the confirming the Estates of several Tenants and Copyholders of the Manors of Irchester, and Rusfheen, and several other Manors, Parcels of the Duchy of Lancaster, was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That this Bill do pals: And that the Title shall be, An Act for confirming the Estates of several Tenants and Copyholders of the Manors of Rannes, Irchester, and Rusfheen, and several other Manors, Parcels of the Duchy of Lancaster.

And Mr. Attorney of the Duchy is to carry up both these Bills to the Lords.

Resolvedi, upon the Question, That this House doth agree to the said Amendment.

And the Second Amendment, being in the SecondSheet, After the Word " Colchester,"in the Thirteenth Line, leave

Out all the Words contained in the Second Sheet; viz. these Words following; " One other Act, intituled, An Act for Confirmation of Leases and Grants from Colleges and Hospitals; One other Act, intituled, An Act for prohibiting the Exportation of Wool, Wool-Fells, Fullers-Earth, or any kind of feouring Earth; One other Act, intituled, An Act for Confirmation of Marriages; One other Act, intituled, An Act for prohibiting the Planting, Setting, or Sowing of Tobacco in England and Ireland -, One other Act, intituled, An Act for Impowering the Master of the Rolls for the Time being, to make Leases for Years, in order to new-build the old Houses belonging to the Rolls j" was likewise read the Second time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That this House doth agree to the said Amendment.

Resolved allb, That the feme Committee, to whom the said Bill was referred, do prepare and bring in a particular Bill, for confirming the Act made for confirming of Leases and Grants made by Colleges and Hospitals, as to this Particular.

Resolved, That the Debate of the Matter, upon the rest of the Amendments to this Bill, be adjourned till Morning, at Ten of the Clock.

Resolved, That such Members of this House, as are of Counsel with Sir Henry Frederick Thyn, have the Leave of this House to attend the Lords, and be of Counsel with the said Sir Henry Frederick Thyn, upon the Bill sent from this House, and now before the Lords.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for making void a Conveyance and Settlement made by Sir Simon Clerke, was referred, be revived; to fit on,

in the Speaker's Chamber, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Whereas there is a Day appointed , on Monday next,' being the Second Day of Dj for the Hearing of the same between the Adventurers in the Great Level called Bedford Level, at the Bar of this House; It is this Day Ordered, That such Witnesses, as the Parties of either Side shall think fit to make use of at the said Hearing, do, and are hereby required to give their personal Attendance, at this House, upon the same Day; the Parties so summoning them allowing their reasonable Charges, if it be required, for their Attendance.

Sir Thomas Meeres reports Amendments from the Committee, to whom the Bill for confirming several Acts of the last Assembly was committed: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Which said Amendments being once read;

The Question was put. That the Debate of the Matter, upon the said Amendments, shall be adjourned till Tomorrow;

It passed in the Negative.

And the First Amendment, being in the Second Sheet of the Bill, After the Word " Proceedings," in the Fourth Line, unto the Word "one," in the Eleventh Line, leave out all these Words; viz. " One other Act, intituled, An Act for the present Nominating of Commissioners of Sewers: One other Act, intituled, An Act for a perpetual Anniversary Thanksgiving chi the Nine-and-twentieth Day of May: One other Act, intituled, An Act for Restraining the Taking of excessive Usury: One other Act, intituled, An Act for Enabling the Soldiers of the Army, now to be disbanded, to exercise Trades: One other Act, intituled, An Act for the Confirming and Restoring of Ministers: One other Act, intituled, An Act for the Encouraging and Inereafing of Shipping and Navigation."

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable Thomas Peck Esquire to fell Lands for Payment of his Debts, and make Provision for his Wife, was referred, be revived; to fit on Tuesday next, in the Star-Chamber, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, according to their former Adjournment.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill for confirming private Acts is referred, be revived; and do meet in the Speaker's Chamber on Taeflay next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Committee for the Bill for Naturalizing several Persons was committed, be revived; and do meet on Monday, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Name of the Daughter of Sir Charles Harbordbe inserted into the Bill of Naturalizing.

Resolved, That this House be adjourned till Eight of the Clock on Monday: And that all Committees, that were to fit Tomorrow, be adjourned , and do meet on Monday, in the Speaker's Chamber, at Two of the Clock.

LuncSj

Lunte, 2* dieDecembris> 130 Car. Regis,

Prayers.

f}Rdcred, That these Persons following be added to the

Committee to which the Bill for Madder is committed; Colonel Sandys, Mr. Samuel Mr. Clifford

Clifton, Mr. Tomkins, Sir Rowland , Sir John

Packing ton, Mr. Westfaling, Mr. Newport.

A Bill to enable Anthony Etbefick to fell Lands, For Payment of his Debts, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Bill be committed to Sir Ralph Bancks, Mr. Sir Rich. Frank-

lyny Mr. Winston Churchill, Sir W Sir George Ryve, Mr. Pitt, Sir Rich. Pole, Mr. Mr. Sandys, Mr. Collins, Mr. Bullen Reymes, Lord Fanshaw, Sir

Anthony Cope, Mr. Mallett, Sir Lancelot , Sir Robert Atkins, Mr. Whittaker, S>\r John Lowe, Sir morton, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Stafford, Lord Ancram, Sir Solo-

mon Swale, Sir Henry Lee, Sir Tho. Leigh, Serjeant Maynard, Mr. Fane, Lord Buckburst: And all the Members of this House that serve for the County of Dorset: And they are to meet in the Exchequer-Chamber, at Two of the Clock this Afternoon: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for Regulating the Making of Stuffs in Norwich and Norfolke was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the same be committed to Lord Richardson, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Smith,

Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Thomas Leigh, Sir Lancelot Lake,

Sir George Reeve, Sir William Doyley, Mr. Steward, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Knight, Sir John Goodrich, Mr. Jay, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Richard Maleverer, Lord Bruce, Sir Richard Okeley, Sir Richard Ford, Mr. Jollife, Sir Thomas Bludworth, Alderman Fowke, Mr. Culleford, Mr. King,

Mr. Chetwind, Mr. Finch, Sir Henry Bennett, Sir Nicholas , Lord Fanfhaw, Mr. Heath, Mr. Gawdy, Sir Throckmorton, Mr. Clifford, Sir Henry North, Sir John Rouse, Mr. Street, Mr. Cory, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir James Smith, Mr. Goodricke, Sir Philip Musgrave, Svcjobn Denham, Sir William Fleetwood, Sir John Shaw, Sir John Duncombe, Sir John Robinson, Mr. John Jones, Sir Nicholas Crispe, Mr. Rigby, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir John Brampston, Mr. Clifford Cliffton, Mr. Mr.

Spry, Mr. Churchill, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Norfolke, Suffolke, and: And they are to meet in the Exchequer-Chamber, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And his Majesty's Counsel, and those which are concerned in the Bill for Aulnage, are to be heard at the said Committee.

The Counsel of the Old and New Adventurers* and of the Country, and any other Persons who are concerned, or claim any Interest, in the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, or are prejudiced thereby, being this Day to be heard at the Bar, according to an Order of this House, made the 12th of July last;

And the Counsel of all the said Parties being this Day accordingly heard, at the Bar of this House,

Resolved, upon the Question, That the Debate of this Matter be adjourned; and resumed on This-day-leven-night: At which Time, this House will take into Consideration the Law of St. Ives, Lynne Law, Peterborough Law, Huntington Law, the Fourteenth Part Indenture, the Rump Ait in 1649, anc* f°me of the Deeds of Purchase made since that Time , to the which End they are then to be produced: And, upon Consideration thereupon had, this House will take such Order herein, as shall be meet.

And then this House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, at Eight of the Clock.

Mart is, 30 die Decentbris, 130 Car. Regis,

Prayers.

CffOHN Christopher de May heme did this Day take thi J Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, at the Clerk's Table, in order to his Naturalization.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Sir John Rothe, Anna Ferrers, and others, is

committed, be revived; to meet this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock: And it is recommended to Mr. Rigby to take care of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Name of Mr. Robert Dallifon be ih-i ferted into the Bill for Naturalizing.

Ordered, That the Name of Mr. William Hanmer be inserted into the Bill for Naturalizing.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Continuance and Enjoyment of an Improvement made by Thomas Deerham Esquire in West and Roxam

in the County of Norfolke, was committed, be revived; and do meet on Monday the 16th of December instant* in the Place formerly appointed.

Ordered, That the Names of William and Nicholas Saule, Sons of Richard Saule, be inserted into the Bill for Naturalizing.

Sir Edmund Peirfe reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for confirming an Act for restoring the Marquis of Hertford to the Dukedom of was

committed, several Amendments to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place j and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

The First Amendment, being in the Second Line of the Bill, Between the Word " Lords," and the Word and, " insert these Words, " Spiritual and Temporal;" The same was twice read* and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The Second Amendment, being in the Second Line of the Bill, Between the Word " and, " and the Word Commons," insert the Word " the;"

The same was twice read , and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The Third Amendment, being in the Third Line of the Bill, Between the Word " Act," and the Word made," expunge these Words, 41 herein after-mentioned ;"

The same was twice read j and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The Fourth Amendment, being in the Sixth, Seventh,' and Eighth Lines of the Bill, Between the Word April,* and the Word intituled," expunge these Words, 44 and there continued until the Nine-and-twentieth Day of December then next following, and then difiolved, that is' to say, One Act

The- same was twice read , and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The Fifth Amendment, being in the Tenth Line of the Bill, Between the Word hereby," and the Word are," insert these Words, 44 is and

The same was twice read , and, upon the Question, agreed unto.'

The Sixth Amendment,' being in the Two last Lines of the Bill, expunge these Words, u and as if the same had been made, declared, and enacted, by Authority of this present Parliament

The same was twice read , and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

Resolved, That the further Debate of this Bill be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning: At which Time a true Copy of the Original Bill, now desired' to be confirmed, being examined therewith by the Clerk of this House, or his Assistant,- is to be brought in; and read.

3

A Bill'

A Bill for enabling Sir Robert Dull:fen to fell Lands to pay his Debts, and provide for his younger Children, was this Day read the Hrft time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read again the Second time on Friday next.

Ordered, That the Bill for Eighteen Months Assessment, for Supply of his Majesty's present Occasions, be brought in To-niorrow Morning.

Refolded, upon the Question, That the Persons hereafter named be appointed a Committee, to prepare and bring in a Bill for the Settling of such a Militia, as may be i'uitable to the present Condition of this Kingdom: Lord Fan/haia, Serjeant Char let on. Colonel Kirby, Mr.

Clifford, Sir Philip Warwick, Sir Robert Holt, Mr. art, Colonel Phillips, Mr. Henry Coventry, Sir John Ro-binjon, Mr. William Sandys, Sir Robert Howard, Sir Edmund Peirfe, Lord Falkland, Colonel Fretchvile, Sir Meres, Sir Clement Fisher, Sir Henry Newton, Sir Chiche-fter Wray, Mr. Whorwood, Sir George , Lord Newburgh, Serjeant Maynard, Sir Courtney Poole, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Rigby, Sir Herbert Price, Colonel Windham, Sir John Brampfton, Sir Thomas Leigh, Mr. Whorwood,

Sir Tho. Ingram, Mr. Newton, Mr. Sollicitor-General, Mr. John Vaughan, Sir Roger BradMr. Churchill, Sir

Philip Flu [grave. Sir Baynham Throgmorton, Mr. Trelaw-ney. Colonel Strangwayes, Mr. William Coventry, Colonel

Sandys, Sir George Reeve, Sir John Goodrich, Sir John Dmcombe, Sir Charles Harbord, Mr. Vice-Chamberlain, Mr. Phillips, Sir Henry North, Mr. Puckering, Sir Edmund Pooley, Mr. Whitley, Sir John Sir William

Compton, Sir Hugh Pollard, Mr. Fowell, Mr. Eger ton. Captain Garway, Sir James Smith, Colonel Gilby, Mr. Fane, Colonel Shackerly, Mr. Scudamore, Sir Jordan Cropland, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Edw and all the Members of this House who were Commission-Officers to his Majesty, or his Royal Father: And they are to meet, in the Speaker's Chamber, this Afternoon, atT wo of the Clock: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And it is specially recommended to Mr. Vaughan to take care of this Business; and to speed the Bringing-in of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Members of this House, who are of his Majesty's Privy Council, Mr. Cofferer, and Sir Roger Bradshaigh, do humbly represent unto his Sacred Majesty, That this House hath received credible Informations, from. several Parts of the Kingdom, of divers Designs and Attempts to disturb the publick Peace and to beseech his Majesty to be pleased to take care for the Prevention and Suppression thereof, and for the Securing the Peace of the Kingdom, in such Manner as his Majesty, in llis Princely Wisdom, shall fee meet.

Resolved, That the Debate of the Ministers Bill be adjourned, and resumed again into Debate on Thursday Morning, the first publick Business.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, at Eight of the Clock.

Mercurii, 4° die Decemb130 Car, Regis.

Prayers.

MR. Fork reports, from the Committee to whom- the Bill against Importing of Foreign Wool-cards, Card-wire, or Iron-wire, was committed, several Amend -ments to the said Bill:- Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

And the First Amendment, being in the Fifteenth Line,-Betweert the Words, " the King's Most Excellent Majesty and the Commons," add these Words, " the Lords Spiritual and Temporal;"

The same was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The Second Amendment, being between the Word " the," and the Word " Commons," in the same Line, let there be no Blank left;

The same was also twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Bill, fb amended, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill, to enable the Sale of some of the Lands of William Milward Esquire, for Payment of some of his Debts, was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Words " Spiritual and Temporal" be inferred, between the Words " Lords and Commons."

Which was accordingly done, at the Clerk's Table.

Resolved, That the said Bill do pals.

Resolved, That the Title of the said Bill Hull be, An Act to enable the Sale of some of the Lands of William Milward Esquire, for Payment of some of his Debts.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Wood, in pursuance of his Majesty's Commands, have the Leave of this Fioule to go into Portugal, to wait upon the Queen.

Ordered, That the Bill of Mr. Coppleffon be read Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for the better Regulating of the Manufacture of broad mixed Woollen Cloth, within the West Riding of the County of York, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read again the Second time on Monday next.

The Petition of several Persons, who alledge they have Licences, or Letters Patents, under the Great Seal of England, for the Keeping of Taverns, and Selling of Wines by Retale, presented on the Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Patentees, was this Day read.

Resolved, upon the Question, That a Committee be appointed to examine the Truth of the' Matters alledged in the said Petition; and to hear the Petitioners, and such as are intrusted by his Majesty in granting of Wine-Li-cenfes; and to reconcile the Differences between them, if they can; or elle to report, to this House, how they find the fame.

And this Matter is committed to Mr. Comptroller,' Mr. Sollicitor-General, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Ralph Banks, Sir Henry North, Mr. Churchill, Sir Bradshaigh, Mr. Vice-Chamberlain, Mr. Goodrich, Sir . Breame, Sir John Brarnpfton, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Collins, Mr. Fane, Lord Ancram Mr. Vincent, Sir Allan Broderick, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Culle/ord, Lord,

Sir Henry Wood, Sir John Bram, Mr. Palmer, Lord. Buckhurst, Sir Robert Brooke, Mr. Steward, Mr. Thomas Jones, Mr. Francis Lovelace, Mr. Newton, Sir Francis Ander/on, Sir Richard Maulsverer, Sir Mr. Dowd/well, Sir Jordan Crojland, Sir Edward,

Mr. Rigby, Dr. Arris, Sir John Shaw, Mr. Jay, Sir James Smith, Colonel Gilby, Sir Tho. Mr. Chet-wynd, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Mr. Birch, Sir

George Ryve, Six Tho. Strickland, Mr. Spry, Mr.

Sir John Nicholas, Colonel Leg, Sir Thomas Allen, Dr. Burwell, Sir Philip Mu/grave, Mr. Gla/cock, Sir Tho. Ingram, Mr. Gierke, Lord Bruce, Sir John Sir

William Doyley, Colonel Pcpham, Mr. John Jones, Mr.-Barnaby, Mr. Darcy, Mr. Thomp/cn, Mr. Jcllffe, Sir Edward Seymour, - Mr. Pitt, Lord Cajllelcn, Mr.

Mr. Kirby, Sir Lancelot Lake, Serjeant Charleton, Mr. Tre-lawney. Sir Robert Holt, Colonel Shaker ley, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Whitley, Sir John Vaughan, Mr Sir Wil-

liam Lewes, Mr. Wm.Sandys, Sir Meres, Sir Benjamin Ayloffe, Mr Smith, Mr. ThSir George Court-hope, Mr. Clifford, Sir Join Rolls, Mr.

Mr. Garraway, Sir John Goodrich, Sir Sir

Edmund Pooley, Sir Henry WMr.

Colonel Edm.Windham, Sir Ph Air. Knight,

Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Courtney Poole: And they are to meet in the Exchequer-Chamber Tomorrow,

13 Car. II. Journals of the House of Commons. 323

morrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Refolded, upon the Question, That the same upon the Bill for making void certain Fines levied by Sir Edward Powell, and his Lacy, be heard at the Bar of this House on This-day-sevennight: And that the Committee, to whom the Bill is committed, be discharged.

Refolded, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to desire that such Witnesses may be sworn at the Bar of their House, as either Party shall produce to be examined upon the Hearing of the same in this House: And Mr. Crouch is to carry up the said Message.

The Bill for railing Eighteen Months Assessment, at Seventy thousand Pounds a Month, for the Supply of his Majesty's present Occasions, was this Day read the First time,

Resolved, That the same be read again the Second time Tomorrow Morning, the first publick Bufenels.

And then this House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, at Eight of the Clock.

Jovis, 50 die Decembris, 130 Car. Regis.

P R A Y E R S.

A BILL to enable Joint Coppleston Esquire to fell Lands to pay his Debts, and to provide for Children, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read again the Second time on This-day-sevennight.

Ordered, That the Chairman of the Committee for the Fens lying in the County of and in the County of the City of Lincolne, commonly called Linfey to whom several Papers and Evidences concerning the said Fens were, by Order of this House, delivered, and do now remain sealed up in his Custody, shall open the same at the Committee; and, after he hath taken a Schedule thereof, shall permit either Party concerned to take Copies thereof, to peruse, and instruct their Counsel.

Resolved, That John Robinson, who served Mr a Member of this House, with a out of Chan-

eery; and also John King, an Attorney, who employed him therein , be apprehended, and taken into Custody, by the Serjeant at Arms attending this House; to answer their Breach of Privilege.

Resolved, That 'Thomas Holmes, and Andrew Ford his Attorney, be apprehended, and taken into Custody by the Serjeant at Arms attending this House; to answer their Breach of Privilege, in causing the Servants of Sir Courtney Poole, a Member of this House, to be arrested.

Mr. Steward reports, from the Committee, to whom the Bill for confirming an Act for restoring the Earl of Arundell to the Dukedom of Norfolke was committed, an Amendment to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Which Amendment being F. 2. L. 2, 3, 4. after the Word " April," leave out these Words, " and there continued until the 29th Day of December then next following, and then difiolvedthe same was twice read.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said Amendment.

Resolved, That the Bill, so amended, be ingossed.

The Question being put, Whether die House will now resume the Debate upon the Report of the Amendments to the Ministers Bill;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the First Proviso, reported to be added to the said Bill, being, "'And be it further En sted, by the Authority aforesaid. That the Act intituled, An Act for the Confirming and Restoring of Ministers, is hereby ratified, confirmed, and enacted, with these Additions, Alterations, and Provisoes following, and not otherwise; that is to say. Be it Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That the King's most Excellent Majesty, and all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, within this Realm, according to their respective Titles and Interests, may, at any time or times within the Space of Six Kalendar Months, from the First of in this present Year 1661. present, nominate, or collate, their respective Clerk or Clerks unto any Ecclesiastical Benefices, Livings, or Promotions, of their respective Patronages, or whereunto they, or their Predecessor, Ancestors, or other Person or Persons, under whom they claim, had Right or Title to present, nominate, or collate, any time since the First of January 1642, and before the First of July 1660; and that the said Presentees, or Persons so presented, nominated, or collated, shall be thereunto admitted, instituted, and indufted-, any former Institu-tion or Induction to the contrary notwithstanding; and shall after have and enjoy, and liie for and recover, the Possession, and from thenceforth take the whole and intire Profits of the said Benefices, Livings, and Promotions; and shall be accounted, and shall be full and perfect Incumbents of the same to all Intents and Purposes, as fully and amply as it they had been presented and placed therein, within Six Months next after the First Avoidances; notwithstanding any Lapse, or other Title by reason of Lapse, incurred or devolved to his late Majesty , or to the King's Majesty that now is; or to any Archbishop, Bishop, or any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate , saving only where his Majesty hath presented unto any Benefice, or Ecclesiastical Promotion, under the Great Seal of England, between the First of May and the Ninth of September 1660, any Minister legally ordained, who hath constantly read in his Parish Church the Book of Common Prayers, according to the Rites and Constitutions of the Church of England, since the First of July 1660; or who was sequestered by any Authority, or pretended Authority, derived from both or either Houses of Parliament, since the First of January 1642; any thing in this present Act, or in the Act intituled, An Act for the Confirming and Restoring of Ministers, or otherwise, to the contrary hereof in anywise notwithstanding; " The same was twice read.

Resolved, That the Word " ," in the Seventh

Line, be inserted instead of the Word " August:'

And the same was accordingly amended at the Clerk's Table.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said Addition, so amended.

And the Second Proviso, reported to be added to the said Bill, being, " Provided always, and be it Enacted, That neither the King's most Excellent Majesty, nor any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, shall present, nominate, or collate, or have any Title so to do (pro hac vice tantum), unto any Ecclesiastical Benefices, Livings, or Promotions, whereunto they had Right or Title (plena jure) to present, nominate, or collate, at any time since the First of January 1642, and before the First of July 1660, whereunto they, or any of them, or their Predt;-cessors, Ancestors, or other Person or Persons, from whom they claim, have already, fence the last Avoidance, presented, nominated, or collated feme Person or Minister, who is in Possession, or hath Right to the fame: And every such Presentee, or Person so presented, nominated, or collated, is hereby Enacted to have been, be, and continue, the perfect and lawful Incumbent of such Benefice, Living, or Promotion, respectively, to all Intents and Purposes; so as every such Presentee, or Person fi> presented, nominated, or collated, not being legally instituted and indufted, do become legally instituted and indufted according to the Constitutions of the Church of England, into such his Benefice or Promotions, within Six Months next after the First of August 1661: And every Archbishop and Bishop respectively, and every Archdeacon, and 4 N other

Journals of the House of Commons. i

other Officer, is hereby impowered and required to grant every such Person or Minister Institution and Induction into such Benefice accordingly, upon such their First Donation, Presentation, or Collation, made next after the la ft legal Avoidance, if such Person or Minister, desiring such Institution and Induction, do first bring before the Archbishop, or Bishop of his Diocese, respectively, good and suffic'ient Testimony, that he was legally ordained according to the Rites and Constitutions of the Church of England, before the 25th Day of 1660; and

presented, nominated, or collated, by the legal and rightful Patron or Patrons, unto such Benefice, Living, or Promotion, respectively , any thing in this Act, or in the Abt intituled, An Act for the Confirming and restoring of Ministers, or otherwise, to the contrary notwithstanding; " The same was twice read.

Resolved, That the Month of " August " be struck out therein; and the Word " F" inserted instead thereof.

Resolved, That the Word " legally " be (truck out in the said Proviso; and that the Words " according to the Rites and Constitutions of the Church of England, before the 25th Day of December 1660," be (truck out: And that there be inserted, instead thereof, these Words following;

" by some Archbishop or Bishop of the Church of England, Scotland, or Ireland, before the 20th of November 1661."

Ordered, That the said Proviso be amended in thtfe Particulars.

Both which were accordingly done at the Clerk's Table.

Resolved, upon the Question, Th ;t this House doth agree to the said addi.ional Proviso, so amended: And that this and the former Proviso be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the further Deb ite of the Matter, upon the further Amendments to the Bill concerning Ministers, be adjourned; and taken into Consideration on Saturday next, in the Morning.

A Meftage from the Lords, by Sir 'Thomas Bennett and Sir Toby Woolrich, Two of the Masters of Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to bring you Two B:lls; the one intituled, An Act for settling certain drained Grounds lying within the Level of Hatfield Chace, and Parts adjacent, within the Counties of York, Lincolne, and Nottingham; and the other intituled, An Act for the Establishment of the Level of Fen Lands, formerly drained by Sir Anthony Thomas Knight, deceased: And desire the Concurrence of this House therein.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do fend his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make a Writ for a new Election of a Burgess for the Town of Northampton, instead of Sir Charles Compton Knight, deceased.

And then this House adjourned, till Tomorrow Morning, at Eight of the Clock.

Veneris, (fDie Decembris, 130 Car. Regis.

Prayers.

c^fOHN Gobe, in order to his Naturalization, did this J Day take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, before Mr. Speaker, at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill is committed for dividing the Two Hundreds of and

Kings Barton from the County of the City of Gloccster, be revived; and do meet Tomorrow in the Exchequer-Chamber, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And that these Members following be added to the Committee; Mr. Sandys, Mr. Wharton, Sir John Roll, Lord Herbert, Mr. Bulteele, Sir Allan Broderick, Sir John Prettiman, Mr.

Glafcccke.

Mr. Fane reports, from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling Anthony Etrito fell Lands was committed, some Amendments to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Which Amendments, being twice read, were, upon the Question, agreed unto.

Resolved, That the Bill, so amended, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the several Members of this House do bring in true Estimates, as near as they can, of the Number of Horse and Foot, and the Charge that does now lie upon each County in respect of die present Militia, unto the Committee to whom it is referred to prepare and bring in a Bill for settling the Militia suitable to the present Condition of the Kingdom: And diat they do give in such Estimates in Whiting to the Committee, at their Sitting on Monday next; to the end they may thereby be enabled in preparing and speeding the Bill.

A Bill for ascertaining the Duties cf Subsidy and Aul-nage was this Day read the Second time.

Refohed, upon the Question, That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Sollicitor-General, Mr. Churchill, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Seymour, Sir RiBreham, Mr. Sir

Wm. Fleetwood, Mr. Reames, Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. Fane, Sir Robert Atkins, Mr. Colonel Legg, Sir

William Lewis, Mr. Westphalin, Serjeant Maynard, Sir John Covett, Mr. Clerke, Lord Richardson, Mr. Phillips, Serjeant Charleton, Sir I ho. Strickland, Sir Henry Newton,

Mr. Ton, kins, Mr. Jay, Colonel Fretchvyle, Colonel Gi/by, Sir Robert Howard, Mr. Mr.

ham, Mr. Whitley, Sir Wm.Doyley, Mr. Goodrich, Lord Falkland, Sir Tho. Aleres, Sir John Goodrich, Sir Bayn. Throgmorton, Mr. Knight, Sir Allan Broderick, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Gawdy, Sir Chichester Wray, Mr. Trelawney, Mr. Newton, Sir Edward Walpoole, Mr. Jones,- Mr.

Sir Lancelot Lake, Lord Bruce, Sir Adrian Scroope, Sir John Duncombe, Sir ‘1 Lomas Leigh, Sir Edmund Pooley, Lord Angier, Mr. Moreton, Sir Edmund Peirfe, Mr. Spencer, Sir John Talbot, Sir John Nicholas, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Graham, Sir Ed. Moseley: And all the Members of this House that shall come to the said Committee, are to have Votes thereat: And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer-Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And the Weavers of Norfolk and Norwich, or such as shall appear on their behalf, are to be heard at the said Committee.

A Bill for raising Eighteen Months Assessment, at Seventy thousand Pounds per for Supply of his Majesty's present Occasions, was this Day read die Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House: And

The House resolved into a Committee, accordingly.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Serjeant Charleton took the Chair.

Mr. Speaker again took the Chair.

And Mr. Servant Charleton made Report, That the Committee had made a good Progress in the said Bill; and desired, that the House would resolve itself into a Committee Tomorrow Morning, to resume the further Debate of this Bill.

Resolved, That the further Debate, appointed to be had Tomorrow, upon the Report made of the Bill for confirming the Act for Ministers, be adjourned till Monday next; and be then proceeded in, the first publick Business.

Resolved, That this House do resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House Tomorrow, at Ten of the Clock, to make a further Progress upon the Bill for raising the Eighteen Months Assessment.

Resolved, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for regulating Common Fields was committed, be revived;

and

and do fit on Monday next, at Two of the Clock, in the Star-Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, at Eight of the Clock.

Sabbati, y° die Decembris, 130 Regis.

Pr a y ers.

ORdered, That the Petitions of the several Inhabitants of the several Counties concerned in the making navigable of the River of Slower and , be referred

to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making that River navigable is committed: And that all the several Members of this House that serve for be

added to that Committee.

A Bill to enable the Sale of the Lands and Tenements late of Edward Ryvers Esquire, to pay his Debts, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, That the same be committed to Sir Edmund Peirfe, Mr. W>borwood.Lord Sir Edward

Mafj'ey, Mr. Chetwind, Sir Rich. Sir Henry

ton, Mr. Heath, Serjeant Littleton, Mr. Gawdy, Mr. Puckering, alias Newton, Mr. IVSir John Dun-combe, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Edwa Dr. Burwell, Mr. Rigby, Sir Thomas Meres, Dr. Birkenhead, Sir George Reeve, Sir Herbert Price, Lord Angier, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Price, Sir William Doyley, Sir Leigh, Mr. Lowther, Sir Roger Mr. Clerke

and all the Knights, Citizens, and Burgeii'es, that serve for the Counties of Kent and Sussex: And they are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for enabling Sir Robert Dallifon to fell Lands to pay his Debts, and to provide for his younger Children; was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That this Bill be committed to the same Committee, to whom the Bill for Lindsey-Levell was committed: And they are to meet in the Exchequer-Chamber on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for settling and confirming of the Manors of Framlingham and Saxtead, in the County of and the Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments thereunto belonging, deviled by Sir Robert Hitcham Knight, and late Serjeant at Law, to certain charitable Uses, was committed, be revived; and do meet, in the Speaker's Chamber, on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the Parish of P text oil a distinct Parish from Wrotham, is committed, be revived , and do meet, in the Place formerly appointed, on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

An ingrafted Bill, for confirming an Act for Restitution of Thomas Earl of Arrundell, Surrey, and Norfolke, to the Dignity and Title of Duke of Norfolke, was this Dgy read the Third time.

The Question being put. That the original Bill, for restoring the said Earl of Arundell to the said Dukedom of Norfolke, be read, before the Bill for confirming the same do pass,

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Bill was read accordingly.

A Proviso was brought in, to be added to the said Bill. The Question being put. Whether the Question for reading the said Proviso shall be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, That the said Bill do pals,

It was resolved in the Affirmative, That the said Bill do pass.

Resolved, That the Title shall be. An Act for confirming an Act for Restitution of Thomas Earl of Surrey, and Norfolke, to the Dignity and Title of Duke of Norfolke.

Ordered, That the Debate of the Bill for levying of the Eighteen Months Assessment, be proceeded in on Monday next, at Ten of the Clock: To which End the House is then to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That the further Debate of the Amendments to the Bill for Confirming of Ministers be proceeded in on Tuesday next, at Ten of the Clock.

Resolved, That the Debate of the Matter concerning Bedford Levell be adjourned from Monday next till Thurs-day following: Whereof all Parties concerned are to take notice; and to attend accordingly.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Thomas Bennett and Sir Toby Woolrieh, Two of the Masters in Chancery j

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a present Conference with this House in the Painted Chamber, upon the Mef-sage from this House, for the swearing Witnesses at the Bar of their House, to be examined in this House.

After which the Messengers withdrawing, were called in: And Mr. Speaker acquainted them. That this House had considered of their Message; and did agree to a present Conference with the Lords in the Painted Chamber, as Was desired.

And the House appointed Mr. Vaughan, Sir Anthony Irby, Mr. Thurland, Mr. Sollicitor:General, Serjeant Char-let on, and Mr. Waller, to manage the Conference.

Mr. Sollicitor reports, from the Conference with the Lords, That they had appointed a Committee to l'earch, whether there were any Precedents for the Swearing of Witnesses at the Lords Bar to be examined in this House: And couid not find any.

And then this House adjourned till Monday Morning next, at Blight of the Clock.

Dunce, 90 die Decembris, 130 Car. Regis.

Prayers.

f \Rdered, That these Persons hereafter named be added to the Committee, to which the Bill of Sir John Mounson is committed: Viz. Lord Fanfhaw, Sir William Heywood, Sir Thomas Fanfhaw, Mr. Robert Crooks, Lord Gorge, Mr. Lucy, Sir Rich.Temple, Mr. Oldfeild; and all the Members of this House that serve for and -

hamshire.

Ordered, That the Bill for settling certain drained Grounds lying within the Level of Hatfeild Chace, and Parts adjacent, within the Counties of Torke, Lincolne, and Notingham, sent from the Lords, be read Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for confirming Lettefs Patents, incorporating the Society of Merchant-Adventurers of the City of Was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be fead again the Second time on Friday next.

A Bill for the vetting and settling Lands therein mentioned, upon William Brownlow, and others, Trustees, for the Use of the Lady Wandesford, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read again the Second time On This-day-sevennight.

Ordered, That the Bill for incorporating the Society of Clothiers, for the West-Riding of Yorkshire, be read Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill

t

328 Journals of the House of Commons. A. 1661.

A Bill for Confirming of an Act made the lust Assembly, intituled, An Act for Confirming of Leases and Grants from Colleges and Hospitals, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read again the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Debate upon Report of the Bill, for confirming an Act for restoring the Marquis of Hartford to the Dukedom of homerfett, be resumed, and- taken into Consideration on Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Name of alias Maurice

Vanlore, Esquire, be inserted into the Bill of Naturalization.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the Debate of the Bill for raising of the Eighteen Months Assessment.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins took the Chair.

Mr. Speaker again took the Chair.

A MefTage from the Lords, by Mr. Justice and Mr. Baron Furnor,

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have returned you these Two Bills j the one intituled, An Act to enable the King's Majesty to make Leases, Grants, and Copies of Offices, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Parcel of his Highness' Duchy of Cornewal, or annexed to the fame, and for Confirmation of Leases and Grants already made, and the other, intituled, An Act for Confirming of private Acts: And desire the Concurrence of this House to the lame, with the Amendment^ therewith sent.

Mr. Speaker informing this House, That the King's Majesty was pleased to fend a MefTage to him, that he had retrained Mr. Lovelace, one of the Members of this House, who was going to fight a Duel,

Resolved', That those Members of this House, who are of his Majesty's Honourable Privy Council, do return to his Majesty the humble Thanks of this House, for his Grace and Favour, in being so tender of the Privileges of this House, as to acquaint Mr. Speaker therewith.

Resolved, That the Serjeant attending this House, or his Deputy, do repair unto the Officer, in whose Custody Mr. Lovelace, one of the Members of this House, now is, to demand the said Mr. Lovelace: And the said Officer, in whose Custody he is, is accordingly to deliver the said Mr. Lovelace to the Serjeant of this House, or his Deputy; who is to bring him to this House Tomorrow Morning.

And then this House again resolved into a Committee, to resume the Debate of the Bill for raising the Eighteen Months Assessment.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

And Sir Robert Atkins took the Chair.

And Mr. Speaker again took the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins made Report to this House, That the Committee had made some further Progress upon the Bill for raising the Eighteen Months Assessment \ and desired that the' House might, on Wednesday next, resolve into a Committee, to resume and perfect the Debate there-of.

Resolved, upon the Question, That this House do resolve into a Committee Tomorrow, at Nine of the Clock, to resume the further Debate of the BUI for raising the Eighteen Months Assessment , and to end the fame.

Resolved, That the Debate of the Matter of the Mi-riifters Bill be resumed on Wednesday, in the first place , and be proceeded in, till it be determined, without Interruption.

Resolved, That the Matter of the Bill, for making void the Fines levied by Sir Edward Powell, and his Lady, be

peremptorily heard on This-day-sevennight: And all Parties concerned are to take notice thereof.

And then the House adjourned dll Tomorrow Morning, at Eight of the Clock.

Martisy 1 o° die Decembris i30 Car. Regis.

Forasmuch as this House was this Day informed, that one John Browne, who, by Order of the 13th of July last, was to be taken into Custody by the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for his Abuse of Mr. lips, a Member of this House, had, merely to defeat the said Order, procured a colourable Execution to be taken out against him; whereupon he hath rendered him-feIf a Prisoner in Ivelchester Gaol, on purpose that he may, not be brought up to answer his said Misdemeanor at the Bar of this House:

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, or his Deputy, do bring up the said Browne in Custody, to answer the said Misdemeanor: And the Officer, in whose Custody he is, is to deliver the said Browne unto the Serjeant attending this House, or his Deputy; together with the Writ, or Warrant, whereby he is committed: And the said Browne is to bring with him the Execution, upon which he hath caused himself to be lb-committed.

Ordered, That such Bills as were appointed to be read this Morning be read Tomorrow Morning: Viz.

The ingrossed Bill of Anthony Ettrick:

The Bills of the Fens, sent from the Lords:

Mr. Barnjky's Bill:

The Bill lor the West-Riding of Yorkshire:

The Bill for Confirmation of College Leases: And The Bill against Card-wire.

Then the House resolved into a Committee, to resume-the Debate of the Bill for raising the Eighteen Months Affdfment.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins took the Chair.

Then the Speaker again took the Chair.

And Sir Robert Atkins made Report, from the Committee of the whole House, several Amendments and Provisoes to be added to the said Bill, and the Preamble thereof: Which said Amendments and Provisoes were severally read.

And the First Amendment being in the Bill, Page 1 r, L. 4, fill up the Blank with " the 20th of January the same was read die Second time.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee to the said Amendment.

And the Second Amendment being also in the Bill, P. 12, L. 11, after the Word " Offices," add " usually rated the same was also rc id the Second time.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee to the said Amendme nt.

And the Third Amendment being in the Bill, P. 17, L. ult. add between the Word " House " and the Word " Chest," " and upon Warrant under the Hands and Seals of Two or more of the said Commissioners, any;" the feme was also read the Second time.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee to the said Amendment.

And the Fourth Amendment being also in the Bill, Page ult. L. ult. add " or unto either of the Universities, or unto any Colleges, Schools, Alms-Houfts, or Hospitals the same was also read the Second time.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee to the said Amendment.

And the First Proviso, reported to be added to the said Bill, being, " Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to alter, change, determine, or make void, any Contrasts, Covenants, Agreements, or Usages whatsoever, between the Landlord and Tenanr, touching the Payment of Taxes or Assessmentsj any i thing

\7 Car. II Journals of the House of Commons.

thing herein before-mentioned to the contrary notwithstanding ;" the fame, being twice re..d, was, upon the ..-ftion, agreed unto.

And the Second Proviso, reported to be added to the said Bill, being, " Provided always, and be it further Enacted and Declared, by the Authority aforesaid, That* for the avoiding of all Obstructions and Delays, in col-Jcfting the Sums by this Act to be raised and assessed, all Places, Constablewicks, Divisions, and Allotments* Avail pay and be addled, in such Hundred, Rape, and Wapentake, as the same have heretofore usually been adelfed in, and hot elsewhere the lame, being twice read, was, upon the Question, agreed unto.

And the Third Proviso, reported to be added to the said Bill, being, " And be it further Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action, Plaint, Suit, or Information, shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons, for what he or they shall do in Pursuance or in Execution of this Act, such Person or Persons, so sued in any Court whatsoever, shall or may plead the General Idue Not Guilty; and, upon any Idue joined, may give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence: And, if the Plaintid or Prosecutor shall become Nonsuit, or forbear further Profeciition, or fuder a Discontintiance, or if a Verdict pass against him, the Defendants shall recover their Treble Costs; for which they shall have the like Remedy, as in any same where Colts, by the Law, are given to Defendants;" the lame, being twice read, was, upon the Question, agreed unto.

And the Fourth Proviso, reported to be added to the said. Bill, being, " Provided also, and it is hereby Enacted, That no future Aid Or Supply of Money to the King, by Parliament, in Charge of the People, shall, at any Time hereafter, be granted or levied, by way of Monthly Acted-ment;" the fame, being twice read, was, upon tire Question, agreed unto.

And the Fifth Proviso, reported to be added to the said Bill, being, " Provided, that no Auditor of his Majesty's Exchequer, or other Officer, shall, upon Allowance to be made to any Person or Persons, adeded within this Act, or any Fee-Farm Rent, due to his Majesty, of the Queen Dowager, take or receive any other Fee for the fame, than the Sum of Four-pence, for any Debt upon such Allowance;" the fame, being twice read, was, upon the Question, agreed unto.

And the First Amendment in the Preamble, being P. 1, L. 3, after "Aft of," add " free and general Pardon, Indemnity, and;" the same was read the Second time.

Resolved, That this Houfd doth agree with the Committee, to the said Amendment.

And the Second Amendment in the said Preamble, being P. 1, L. 6, after " Purposes," add " under the late tyrannical and usurping Powers;" the same was read the Second time.

Rcfohed, That this House doth agree with the Committee to the said Amendment.

And the Third Amendment in the said Preamble, being Page 1, L. 11, to put out the Word " Two," and insert, instead thereof, " and also at , Three

the same was read the Second time.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Coin* mittee to the said Amendment.

And the Fourth Amendment in the said Preamble, being P. 1, L. 14, instead of the Word " Spouse," insert " Consort;" the same was read the Second time.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee to the said Amendment.

Resolved, upon the Question, That such of the Members of this House, as are of his Majesty's most Plonour-able Privy Council, together with the Lord do

wait upon his Sacred Majesty; and do present unto him the humble Desires of this House, That Threelcore thousand Pounds, of the Eighteen Months Assessment; be distributed, as his Majesty, in his Princely Wisdom, shall think fit, amongst such of his Majesty's loyal and suffer-

ing Subjects, who have faithfully and conftar.tly served his Majesty, and his Royal Father, in the Wars, that are most neccfiitous: And, when the Bill, for raising the said Eighteen Months Assessment, is sent up to the? House of Lords, the said Members of this House are then to wait upon his Majesty with this Message. And the several Members of this Fluufe, who serve for the respecti"e Counties, are. to deliver in to the Clerk Assistant, now attending, before the House shall fit Tomorrow Morning, the Names of Commissioners to be added to the said Bill; to the End the same may then be added, and the Bill be perfected, before this House do proceed to any other Business.

t

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker be desired to reconcile Mr. Lovelace, and the Party with whom he hath been at

Difference: And that the said Mr. Lovelace be thereupon freed from the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this Lloufe.

Resolved, That all that come to the Committee for Relief of his Majesty's loyal and suffering Subjects, shall have Voices at the said Committee.

4

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, at Eight of the Clock.

Mercurii, 11° die Decembris, 130 Car.

Prayers.

UPON Information given to this House, That one Lhomas Lilian, being a dangerous Person, and being imprisoned for some Fast by him committed, contrary to the Law; the said Lhom Lilian, by Practice with one Lhomas Lucas an Attorney, upon a feigned Certificate, that the said Lilian was a Prisoner to the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, endeavoured to obtain his Release;

Ordered, That the said Lhomas Lilian and Lhomas Lucas be sent for in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to answer this Abuse and Misdemeanof objected against them.

An ingrossed Bill of Anthony Ettrick, to fell Lands for Payment of his Debts, was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, That this Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be, An Act, enabling Anthony Ettrick to fell Lands for Payment of his Debts.

A Bill to confirm an Act for Confirming of Leases made by Colleges and Hospitals, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, That this Bill be committed to the Committee ' for Publick Acts: And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and to take into Consideration the Petitions; and hear the Counsel and Witnesses of all Parties concerned: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and to make use of such other Powers, as were formerly given to them by this House.

A Bill for the better Regulating of the Manufacture of broad mixed Woollen Cloth, within the West-Riding of the County of Totke, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That this Bill be committed to Mr. Lowther, Mr. Goodrich, Sir Meres, Sir Charles Cornewallis, Mf. Heath, Colonel Gilby, Mr.

Jay, Mf. Strowde, Mr. Torke, Mr. Mr.

Colonel Windham, Mr. Chet wind. Lord Brereton, Mr. Crouch, Sir Lho. Strickland, Mr. Sandys, Lord Bruce, Mr; Lburland, Sit Edward Moseley, Mr. Windham, Mr. Knight+

Mr. Reamesi Sir John Goodrich, Sir Richard Ford, Mr. *40 Gold,

Journals of the House of Commons. A, i

Go!dt Mr. Walker^ Mr. Collins, Sir William Doyley, Mr. Phillips, Sir John BrampftOn, Mr. , Colonel

Phillips, Mr. Mainwaring, Mr. Pryn, Sir Courtney , Mr. John Churchill, Sir Robert Atkins, Mr. , Mr.

Sir Philip Musgrave; And all the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses of this House, that serve for the several Counties of Torke, Glocester, Surry, Wore ester,

Essex, Dorsett, and Devon i And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock, in the Exchequer-Chamber: And to fend for Persons* Papers, and Records.

The House did then resume the further Debate upon the further Amendments to the Bill for Ministers.

And the Third Proviso, reported to be added to the raid Bill, being, " Provided also, and be it Enacted, That no Person or Minister, confirmed, or mentioned to be confirmed, in any Benefice, or Ecclesiastical Promorion, by the late Act, intituled, An Act for the Confirming and restoring of Ministers; and nowcaufed, by this Act, to take Institution and Induction into the same Benefice; shall compound for, or pay, any First fruits to his Majesty, for such Benefice or Promotion, upon Occasion of such his Institution or Induction; nor incurr any Prejudice for not compounding or paying the same the fame, being twice read, was, upon the Question, agreed to.

And the Fourth Proviso, reported to be added to the said Bill, being, " Provided, that this Act, or any thing herein contained, shall not be extended to avoid any Presentation rightfully made by the King's Majesty, otherwise than in case of Lapse the fame, being twice read, was, upon the Question, agreed unto.

And the Fifth Proviso, reported to be added to the said Bill, being, " And it is hereby Provided and Enacted, That all such Persons or Ministers, who held any feque-ftered Living or Benefice, their Executors or Administrators, shall be, and are hereby, made liable to account for, and pay. One full Fifth Part of the Profits of such Laving or Benefice, and the Arrears thereof, unto the Incumbent that was sequestered from the same; or (in case such Incumbent be dead) to his Wife, Child, or Children *, the same to be ascertained by the Commissioners, or any Three or more of them: And the Parties, to whom the same is appointed to be paid, are hereby respectively enabled to recover the same by Action of Debt, at the Common Law, in case no Composition or Agreement hath been made for the fame; any thing in this Act, or in the aforesaid Act hereby confirmed, notwithstanding; " the same was twice read: And

Resolved, upon the Question, That the Word " Heirs,'* between the Word " their," and the Word " Executors," in the Second Line of the said Proviso j and the Words " respectively having Assets," between the Word " Administrators," and the Word " shall," in the same Line; be inserted: That the Words " account for, and, " in the Third Line, be struck out; and that the Word " clear," between the Word " the," and the Word " Profits," in the same Line, be inserted; and that these Words, " for such Time as they held the fame," after the Word " thereof," in the Fourth Line, and the Words " Executors or Administrators, or such of them as the said Commissioners, appointed by the said Act, or any Three or more of them, shall think fit," after the Word " Children," in the Fifth Line j and the Words appointed by the said Act," after the Word " Commissioners," in the Sixth Line; and the Words " and observed," after the Word " made," in the Eighth Line; be inserted, and made Part of the said Proviso.

Which was done accordingly, at the Clerk's Table.

Resolved, That the fad Proviso, so amended, be made Part of the Bill.

And the Sixth Proviso being, " Provided always, and be it Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid. Whereas divers orthodox Ministers, which have been instituted and indufted into Benefices, with Cure, have been forcibly hindered from publick reading the Articles of Religion in the Churches, whereof they have Cure, according to

the Statute in that same made and provided; That, if such Minister, who hath been instituted and indufted into a Benefice, with Cure, since the 25th Day of December 1659, and hath a Testimonial from the Bishop, or Guardian of the Spiritualities, of the Diocese where such Benefice doth lie, in Writing, under his Seal, of his Assent and Subscription unto the said Articles, that the same shall be as effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Minister had publickly read the said Articles of Religion in the Church, according to the Statute in that same made and provided; any thing in the said Statute contained to the contrary notwithstanding; " the same was twice read: And,

Resolved, upon the Question, That the Words " through Force, Fraud, or Fear" be inserted, instead of the Word " forcibly," in the Third Line of the said Proviso."

Which was accordingly done, at the Clerk's Table. Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Proviso, so amended, be made Part of the Bill.

And the Seventh Proviso being, " Provided also, and be it Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That no Minister, or Ecclesiastical Person, who hath petitioned* or promoted any Petition, to bring the late King of blessed Memory, to Trial , or who hath preached or ptibli !htd, in Print or Writing, or uttered in Prayer, any such seditious or treasonable Words or Speeches* before the Death of his late Majesty; or justified it afterwards; or hath been fimoniacally promoted to any Ecclesiastical Benefice or Promotion (which laid Offences, any or either of them, shall be proved by Two or more credible Witnesses, upon Oath, before the Commissioners by the Act appointed, or any Five or more of them, who are hereby impowered to give such Oath); shall remain* continue, or be taken, to be a real and lawful Incumbent of any Ecclesiastical Living, Benefice, or Promotion, whereof he is now possessed: But the same is hereby declared to be void, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Minister, and Ecclesiastical Person, were dead: And the Patron, who hath the next and immediate Right to present unto the fame, shall and may present thereunto, as in case of Vacancy or Avoidance by the Death of the Incumbent; any thing in this Act to the contrary, or any Presentation from his Majesty or others, notwithstanding the same was twice read: And

Resolved, upon the Question, That the Words " have been, or," after the Word " them," in the Seventh Line of the said Proviso; and the Words " King's Majesty, in such same of Simony, and the King, or other," after the Words " and the," in the Twelfth Line; and the Words " in the other Cafes aforesaid, who," before the Word " hath," in the Thirteenth Line of the said Proviso; be inserted therein.

Which was accordingly done, at the Clerk's Table. Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Proviso, so amended, be made Part of the Bill.

And the Eighth Proviso being, " Provided always, and be it Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That every Resignation or Surrender of any Ecclesiastical Benefice or Promotion, heretofore made by any Ecclesiastical Person, or Minister, by Fraud, extreme Poverty, Force, or Fear of Imprisonment, or Sequestration, during the late Troubles, shall be utterly void, and of none Effect; any thing in this Act, or the late Act, intituled, An Act for the Confirming and Restoring of Ministers, contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding;" the same was twice read: And '

Resolved, upon the Question, That the Words " or upon which no Presentation or Nomination of a Minister, by the Patron, under his Hand and Seal, did follow within Six Months" be inserted, after the Word " Troubles," in the Third Line of the said Proviso.

Which was accordingly done, at the Clerk's Table. Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Proviso, fb amended, be made Part of the said Bill.

And the Ninth Proviso being, " Provided also, that neither this Act, nor any thing therein contained, shall

extend

extend to confirm any Person or Minister ih any Ecclesiastical Living or Benefice, who by any Articles or Complaint by himself, or any other, by his Procurement, exhibited unto any Committee, or other illegal Prosecution, during the late Troubles, did cause or procure the former Incumbent thereof to be sequestered from the same; notwithstanding, that such Person hath been placed or confirmed in the same Benefice, since the Death of such Incumbent; so as it be proved by the Oaths of Two or more credible Witnesses, before the Commissioners appointed by the said Act, or any Three or more of them; who have hereby Power to administer the same; unless it shall be made appear, that the Patron, lb sequestered or ejected, was really feandalous, and therefore removed from the same: And that in such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the rightful Patron of such Living or Benefice to present or collate unto the fame, as in case of Vacancy, or Avoidance by Death, of the Incumbent; this present Act, or any thing to the contrary, notwithstanding;" the same was twice read; and; upon the Question, agreed to be made Part of the Bill.

And the Tenth Proviso being, " Provided also, and be it Declared and Enacted; by the Authority of this present Parliament, That every Minister, who was rightful Incumbent of more Livings than one, being duly qualified thereunto, and was sequestered from them, or any of them, shall be restored to the said Living or Livings, from which he was so sequestered; and shall from thenceforth be in the actual Possession thereof; any thing in the said Act to the contrary hereof in any Wise notwithstanding ;" the same being twice read;

It was Resolved, upon the Question, That the Words

of put out," after the Word " sequestered," in the 3d Line; and the Words " Resignation, or any," after die Word " any," in the 5th Line of the said Proviso; be inserted, and made Part of the said Proviso.

Which was accordingly done, at the Clerk's Table: And

Resolved, That the said Proviso, so amended, be made Part of the said Bill'.

Resolved, That the Debate of the remaining Provisoes; reported to be made Part of the said Bill, be adjourned till Friday Morning next: And that the same be then proceeded in, and finished.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir 5Bird and Sir Wm. Glascock, Two of the Matters of Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill, intituled, An Act for Prevention of Vexations and Op-prelfions by Arrests, and of Delays in Suits of Law: To which they defife the Concurrence of this House.

Resolved, That the Names to be inserted into the Bill for the Eighteen Months Assessment be read Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, at Eight of the Clock.

Jovis, 12° dieDecembrisy 13* Regis.

Prayers.

Tifllliatn dt Peifter and Peter Vandermerfch this Day " took the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, in order to their Naturalization.

Resolved, That their Names be inserted into the Bill for Naturalization, now committed.

The several Commissioners Names of the several Counties, to be added to the Bill for raising the Eighteen Months Assessment, were this Day twee read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the said Names inserted therein, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Business for the great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, be adjourned to Saturday next, to be then ..... into Debate; as it was to have been this Day.

The House taking notice of a scandalous, seditious printed Pamphlet; which was this Day delivered at the Door of this House, to several Members, as they palfed into the House; and of several other seditious Papers, printed, published, and dispersed by divers Persons, who endeavour thereby to disturb the publick Peace;

Resolved, upon the Question, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do apprehend the Persons that delivered the said scandalous and seditious Pamphlet; and bring them in Custody, to answer the lame: And that lie do also make Search for the Author and Printer of the said Pamphlet; and do apprehend, and bring them in Custody, to answer the same: And that the Committee; whe were to examine, and make Inquiry, touching the Authors, Printers, and Publishers of the leditious Pamphlet, called The summary Reasons, be revived: And Sir Thomas Meres, Sir Solomon Swale, and Mr. Puckering, are added to the said Committee: And they are impowered to lend for such Printers, and others, as they shall find necessary for Discovery of the Authors, Printers, Publishers, and Dispersers of the said scandalous and seditious Pamphlet, delivered at the Door of this House; and all other scandalous and seditious Pamphlets: And they are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber, Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Two of the Clocki

Upon Information giVen to this House, That Woolrich, of Grayes-Inn in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, having made his last Will, and Sir Solomon Swale, a Member of this House, his Executor; and departing this Life last Night, about Seven of the Clock, at his Lodging, at the House of one Mr. Gwillyme, in Baldwins Gardens, Middlesex; the said Sir Solomon repairing thither,

and being present at his Death, and leaving some Servants there to attend the Corps; one Crejfett, about

Twelve of the Clock at Night, with Five or Six other Persons, armed with Swords, by Force took the.Cprps of Mr. Woolrich from the Persons employed by Sir Solomon Swale to attend the fame; and, without putting him into any Coffin, carried the same away to some Place yet not known; whereby Sir Solomon is like to be prevented from the decent burying the said Corps, according to his Intention, and the Direction of the Bill;

Resolved, &c. That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House do apprehend the said Crejfett, and other the Persons that were assistant to him in carrying away the said Corps; and bring them in Custody; to answer their Breach of Privilege, in taking the same out of the Custody of the said Sir Solomon Swale, a Member of this House, and Executor of the said Mr. Wo And that the Serjeant at Arms do also make speedy and diligent Search for the said Corps; and, if he can find where it is, to cause the same to be restored unto the said Sir Solomon Swale; to the end the said Corps may be decently interred, according to the said Will.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, at Eight of the Clock.

-- - ----- -- -- --1-

Veneris, 130 die Decetnbris, 130

Prayers.

/~\Rdered, That the Bill brought in for the better Belief U of the Poor, within the Counties of Lancaster,

Derby, Torke, and Westmorland, be read.

Ordered, That the same of Matthews be referred

to the Committee of Elections, to examine, and report i£

to the House.

A Bttt

5

Journals of the House of Commons. A. 1661.

33'-

A Bill to enable a Sale of die Lands of Sir Robert Slingsby, for Payment of his Debts, was this Day read the Eirlt time.

Refoked, That this Bill be read again the Second time, on Monday next.

Ordered, That the Report of the Bill of Highways be heard Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the Bill for the restoring and regulating the Abuses of Hackney-Coaches be read Tomorrow.

The House then resuming the Debate upon the Report Of the Bill for confirming the Act for Tailoring the Marquis of Hertford to the Title and Dignity of die Duke

of Scmmerfet;

- A Proviso was brought in to be added to the Bill: Which, being read, was,upon the Question, laid aside: And

Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Bill, with the Amendments reported and agreed unto, be ingrafted.

Then this House took into Debate die Amendments to die Bill for confirming private Acts, sent from the Lords. Which being severally twice read;

Refoked, upon the Question, That this House doth agree to the f il'd Amendment, being in the 1 Skin, 2 Line, alter the Word " Lords," and before the Word " and.," put in thtfe Words, " Spiritual and Temporal and to the Third, for leaving out, after the "Word " Wife," in the 1 Skin, and 31th Line, all the Words to the Word " and, " in the 30th Line of the 2d Skin.

And the Second Amendment, being in 1 Skin, after the Word " others," in the 27th Line, and before the Word " and, " in the 28th Line, to insert these Words,

" one other Act for the Naturalizing of Dorothy Helena Countels of Derby, Wife of the Right Honourable Charles Earl of Derby; and Enielia, called Countess of Off cry, Wife of the Right Honourable Thomas , called Earl of Offery, Son and Heir apparent of the Right Honourable fames Marquis of Ormonde and Earl of nocke; and AlargaretLady CWife of the Right Honourable Thomas Lord CulpeBaron of;

and the Right Honourable Charles Lord

ton, and Dame Emilia his Sifter, Children of Catharine Stanhop, Countess of Chesterfeildby John Lord

of Ilemjlet:One other Act for restoring to Charles Lord

Gerard, Baron of Brandon, all his Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, whereof he was in Pofftfiion, on the 20th Day of May 1642, or at any time fithence: One other Act for restoring Henry Lord Arundell of Warder, to the Possession of his Estate

This I louie conceiving, that, according to the Course of Parliament, the fame, being an Addition, ought to have been sent down ingrafted in Parchment;

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords touching the fame: And Mr. Sollieitor-General, Mr.

Prynn, Sir Anth. Irby, Attorney of the Duchy, Serjeant

Keeling, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir William Lewis, Mr. Good-

rick, and Mr. Thurland, are to manage the said Conference.

The House then resumed the Debate upon the rest of the Amendments to the Bill for confirming die Act for Ministers.

The Eleventh Proviso being, " Provided always, That a Verdict, and a Judgment thereupon had, in the Court of Common-Bench, during this present Session of Parliament, by Joseph Crowther Doctor in Divinity, Parson of . the

Rectory of Tredington in the County of or his

Under-Lessee for the said Rectory, against

Durham Clerk, is not intended, nor shall be in any fort impeached, or made invalid; but that the same shall remain, continue, and be in full Force and Effect; this Act, or any thing therein contained, to the contrary thereof noivv-ttk;tanking: And that the said Dr. accord-

ing to his said Judgment, be, by the Sheriff of the said County, put into the actual Possession of the said Rectory, {j recovered, as aforesaid the same was twice read.

Resolved, upon the Question, That this House doth agree with the said Committee, to the said Proviso: And that the same be made Part of the Bill.

And the Twelfth Proviso being, " Provided also, and be it Enacted, That the Commissioners appointed by the Act, intituled, An Act for the Confirming and Restoring of Ministers, or any Three or more of them, are hereby authorized to put in Execution any Clause or Power of the said Act, until the First Day of March next ensuing, so as they do nothing contrary to the Intent and Meaning of this present Act the same was also twice read.

Refoked, upon the Question, That the Words " of the said," in the 3d Line of the said Proviso, be put out*, and that there be inserted, instead thereof, these Words,

" in the said former Act, or in this present Act contained:" And that the Words " March next ensuing," in the same Line, be also put our, and " July 1662" inserted, instead thereof.

Which said Amendments were accordingly made at the Clerk's Table.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the said Committee, to the said Proviso, so amended: And that the same be made Part of the Bill.

the Thirteenth Proviso being, "Provided also, and be it Enacted, That neither this Act, nor the said Act, intituled, An Act for the Confirming and Restoring of Ministers, shall extend to confirm any Person in any Rectory, Benefice, or other Ecclesiastical Promotion, who was not ordained, according to the Rites and Constitutions of the Church of England, before the 25th Day of December, in the Year of out Lord 1660; or who hath omitted to administer the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper, in his Parish Church, for Two Years loft pall together the same was also twice read.

Resolved, upon the Question* That the Words " was not ordained, according to die Rites and Constitutions of the Church of England, before the 25th Day of December, in the Year of our Lord 1660, " in the Third Line of the said Proviso, be put out $ and that there be inserted, instead thereof, thele Words, " hath not been, or shall not be ordained, by fomfe Archbishop, or Bishop, of the Church of England, Scotland, or Ireland, before the 25th Day of March, in the Year of our Lord 1662: And that the Words following the Word " Church,'* in the last Line of the said Proviso, be left out; and that there be inserted, instead thereof, these Words, " or Chapel, according to the Form of the Liturgy of the Church of England, for one whole Year last past.

Which Amendments were accordingly made at the Clerk's Table.

Resolved, upon the Question, That this House do agree with the Committee, to the said Proviso, so amended: And that the same be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the further Debate of the remaining Provisoes to the Ministers Bill be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning; and then proceeded in, according to the former Order.

Ordered, That the Business for the great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, be adjourned till Tuesday next; and be then taken into Debate, as it was to have been Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the Committee for private Acts be revived; and do lit on Tueflay next, in the Afternoon.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, at Eight of the Clock.

Sabbatf 140 die Decembris, 13°

Pr AY E R S.

f \Rdered, That the several Persons hereafter named be

ackted as Commissioners for the County of Brecon, in the Bill for the Lcvyir.g of the Eighteen Months Assess-mtnc; viz. Thomas Bowen Esquire, Edward Games Esquire,

Wtn.

William Lloyd of Llangamaick, Jeffery Jefferies of Henry William of Llangattock, William Bowen junior,

John Morgan of Widnalt, Howell GentJemen.

An ingrafted Bill, for confirming an Act for restoring the Marquis of Hertford to the Dukedom of,

was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be. An Act for restoring of the Marquis of Hertford to the Dukedom of So-tnerfelt.

Ordered, That the Lord Herbert do carry the Bills for confirming an Act for restoring the Earl of Arundell to the Dukedom of Norfolke; the Bill for confirming an Act for restoring the Marquis of Hertford to the Dukedom of Somersett; and the Bill to enable Mr. Anthony Ettricke to fell Lands, for Payment of his Debts; up to the Lords for their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Lord Herbert do also carry up the Mefl'age to the Lords, for a Conference, upon the Second Amendment, sent down, to the Bill for confirming certain private Acts.

A Bill, sent from the Lords, for settling certain drained Grounds within the Level oi Chace, and Parts adjacent, within the Counties of Torke, , and

Nottingham, was this Day read the First time.

, Resolved, That this Bill be read again the Second time

on Wednesday next.

Ordered, That a Petition brought in by Sir Charles Huffy be read on Monday Morning.

A Bill, sent from the Lords, for settling certain Fen-Lands, drained by. Sir Anthony Thomas, was this Day read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read again, when Mr. Speaker shall be pleased to appoint.

Ordered, That the Report of Serjeant Charleton, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, be heard on Monday Morning next.

The House then resumed the Debate upon the rest of the Amendments to the Bill for confirming the Act for Ministers.

And the Fourteenth Proviso being twice read:

And the Question being put, to agree with the Committee in that Proviso;

It passed in the Negative: And

Resolved, That the same be laid afule.

The fifteenth Proviso was also twice read:

And an Addition was tendered to be added to the said Proviso: Which was also twice read: And

Resolved, upon the Question, That the same be laid aside.

Lord Herbert reports, from the Lords, That, according to the Order of this House, he had delivered the Three Bills to the Lords: And had also acquainted the Lords, that this House desired a Conference upon the Second Amendment to the Bill for Confirming of private Acts: And that the Lords had agreed to a present Conference in the Painted Chamber.

Whereupon the Persons appointed, accompanied with several other Members of this House, did attend the said Conference.

Mr. Sollicitor reports, from the Conference, That they had acquainted the Lords, that this House had agreed to the First and Third Amendment , and that the Second (being an Addition), coming in Paper, was not regular: And that the Lords had agreed to take it into Consideration.

The House did again resume the Debate upon the Bill for confirming the Act for Ministers.

And a Proviso, touching Mr. Honywood, was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

A Proviso on the Behalf of the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge was twice read."

And some Debate arising upon the Precedency of the University of Oxford before Cambridge;

And the Proviso being put to the Question;

The House was divided.

The Ayes went out.

And the Noes, that staid in, finding themselves apparently much out-number'd, yielded.

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative; That the Proviso be agreed to, and made Part of the Bill.

And several other Provisoes being tendered to be added to the Bill;

Resolved, That no more Provisoes be received, but what are already brought in: And that the House do fit on Monday in the Afternoon, to take the Provisoes brought in into Consideration.

Resolved, upon the Question, That Mr. Sollicitor-General and Mr. Goodrick have the Leave of this House

to attend the Lords , and to be of Counsel with the Earl of Derby, in the same depending before them, wherein, the said Earl is concerned.

Ordered, That Sir John Prettyman have the Leave of this House to attend, and give his Testimony in die House of Lords, on the Behalf of Sir Henry Frederick Thynn.

Mr. John Creffett (who, upon Information of a Breach of Privilege against Sir Solomon Swale, a Member of this House, was, by Order of the House, committed, ind taken into Custody by the Serjeant at Arms) being this Day brought to the Bar of this House;

Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Mr. Cress sett be discharged out of the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms; paying his Fees.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, at Eight of the Clock,

Lunce, 16" die Decembris, \ 30 Regis.

Prayers. "

THE ingrafted Bill, for raising Eighteen Months Assessment at Seventy thousand Pounds per Month, for Supply of his Majesty's present Occasions, was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That this Bill do pass; And that the Title shall be, An Act for granting unto the King's Majesty Twelve hundred and Threescore thousand Pounds, to be assessed and levied by an Assessment of Threescore and Ten thousand Pounds by the Month, for Eighteen Months.

And Mr. Serjeant Charleton is to carry up the said Bill to the Lords: And to put the Lords in mind of the Bill of Uniformity; the Bill against Quakers; the Bill for regulating Corporations; and the Bill for Printing.

The House, according to the last Order, then talcing to Consideration the Matter upon the Bill for avoiding the Fines levied by Sir Edward Powell, and his Lady; The Counsel of the Lady Crooke, and others, who were for the Palling of the Bill, stated their Cafe.

And the Counsel of Mr. Chute, and Mr. Skinner, Two Purchasers, likewise stated their Cafe; and offered divers Realons why the Bill should not pals.

And Mr. Scrogs, of Counsel with Mr. Ltviitgfton, and' his Wife, offered to state their Cafe.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the further Hearing and Debate of this Business, upon the Bill to make void the Fines levied by Sir Edward Powell, and his Lady, be adjourned; and resumed into Consideration the First Monday of the Meeting of this House after this Recess. ‘

And the House then adjourned till Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

4 P

Journals of the House of Commons. A. 1661.

Poji Meridiem,

THE House then resuming the Debate of the Bill for confirming the Act for Ministers j A Proviso, on the Behalf of Moreton Clerk, was read twice.

The Question being put, to insert " the 26th of June 1662," instead of " Six Kalendar Months," in the Pro* viso j

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved further, upon the Question, That the said Proviso, l'o amended, be made Part of the Bill.

Another Proviso, for Confirmation of Institutions granted Sir William Merrick, wa? twice read.

The Question being put, for passing this Proviso, and making it Part of the Bill j It passed in the Negative.

A Proviso, on the Behalf of such sequestered Persons, whole Rents were received by Sequestrators, was twice read.

Arid- the Question being put. That this Proviso bo made Part of the Bill j;

It passed in the Negative.

A Proviso, for Dilapidation, being read once, was, upon the Question, also laid aside.

And' the- Question being -then put, Whether Leave shall be given to speak against the Order of the House, for taking the rest of the Provisoes brought in, into Consideration.t

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

- The (Question being put. Whether the main Question, for laying aside all the rest of the Provisoes to the Bill for confirming the Act for Ministers, shall be now put-.

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The main Question being put. That the rest of the Provisoes brought into the Bill for confirming the Act for Ministers, be laid aside v The House was divided.

Sir shomas Strickland,f Tellers for the Yeas: 7 Mr. Gawdy, \ With the Yeas, JU*‘

Sir Robert Phillips,. . f Tellers for the Noes,

Mr. Clifford, i With the Noes, j °4'

And so it pasted in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the said Bill, with the Provisoes and Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That all Committees that were to fit this Afternoon, and have not adjourned, do fit at the Places appointed Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, at Eight of the Clock.

before they carried him to Prison, that he was menial Servant to the said Sir Henry Herbert -,

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do lend his Order for Discharge of the said James Lyde out of Prison, without any Fees or Charges: And that he do also fend for the said Grove, John and Francis Poyntz, John , and John Greene -, and examine whether they be guilty of this wilful Breach of Privilege -, ajid make Report of it to this House.

A Bill for restraining and regulating the Abuses iq Hackney-Coaches was this Day read the First time.

Ordered, That this; Bill be read again , Tomorrow Morning, the Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill for Relief of the Poor in the County of Lancaster, and odier Northern Counties, be read Tomorrow Morning. i

Ordered, That the Bill for confirming the Corporation of Gold-Wiredrawers, and for erecting an Office, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Serjeant Charleton reports, from the Committee of Privileges, touching the F.lection for the Borough of stock, wherein Mr. William Russell was Petitioner against Sir John Davy, That the Qutllion was. Whether the Freeholders generally, or the Freeholders of Inheritance only, had Voices: And the Opinion of the Committee, That the Freeholders of Inheritance only- had Voices; and that Mr. William Russell had the Majority of Voices of such as were Freeholders of Ihheritancej and that he was duly elected, and ought to-fit in this House.

And the Question being pur, to agree with the Committee, That Mr. William Russell was duly elected, and ought to fit as Burgess for the said Borough of Tave-Jtock; ‘; ' '

1

108.

85,

The House was divided. " "

Lord Buckurjl, f Tellers, for the Yeas:

Lord Anglers, \ With the Yeas,

Sir Ralph Ashton, J Tellers for the Noes: 7

Mr. Seymour, \ With the Noes, j

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That this House doth, agree with the Committee, That Mr. William Russell was duly elected a Burgess for the Borough of Tavejlocke -, and ought to fit in this House.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown, or his Deputy, do attend this House with the Returns made lor the said Borough of Tavefiock: And that the Name of the said Sir John Davy be struck out of the Indenture whereby he is returned: And that the Name of Mr. William Ruffeli be inserted instead thereof: And that the Indenture, whereby Mr. Ruffeli is returned, be taken off and vacated.

MariiSf 1j° die Decembris> 130 Car. Regis.

T\Aniel Griell this Day took the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy at the Clerk's Table, in order to his Naturalization.

Ordered, That one Ferrers of Clifford?s-Inn, who, as Attorney for one Richard Gifford, hath obtained Judgment, and takien out Execution, against Sir Fleet-

wood, one of the Members of this House, be forthwith apprehended, and taken in Custody, by the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, or his Deputy; to answer his preach of'Privilege: And that all Proceedings upon the said Judgment be flayed.'

f. V

Upon'Information given to this House, That John Grovey John Pointz, Francis Poyntz, John Marren, and John Greene, had arrested- one James Lyde, menial Ser-

vant of Sir Henry Herbert, a Member of this House; and bad caused -him to be imprisoned, and detained in the Poultry-Compter , notwithstanding the y were informed,

1

Ordered, That the Names of Thomas Sandys, Son of Mr. Sandys, Dame Mary Slingsby, Charles Slingsby, Peter

Slingsby, Children of Sir Arthur Slingsby, being Infants, born at Bruxells -, and the Names of George Roberts and

Mary Roberts, Children of Peter Roberts, Servant to the Queen-Mother; be inserted into the Bill of Naturalization.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Bennet and Sir Toby Woolrich, Two of the Mailers of Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to desire, that this House wpqld. expedite the Bill for preventing Abuses in Arrests, apd Delays in the Law: And have sent these several Bills-,..one to enable Dr. Peyton to fell Lands-, another for dividing Trinity Church in Hull from Ilasjle, with several Amendments i and have like-

wife sent the Bill for confirming private Acts, with the additional Amendment ingrossed t In all which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And further desired a present Conference, upon-.some Amendments to the Bill for Corporations, in the Painted Chamber.

The Messengers were commanded to ^withdraw.

They were again called in: Mr. Speaker acquaints them, That the House had considered of the Meffige, and agreed to a present Conference in the Painted Chamber.

And Sir John Duncombe, Mr. Sir Thomas

Meres, Mr. Ashburnham, Serjeant Char le ton, Sir William

Lewis, Sir Robert Atkins, and Mr. Milward, are to manage the Conference.

The Matter touching the great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, having been debated in this House the Second of this Month; and the Debate thereof being adjourned to this Day;

And the Counsel for Colonel Samuel Sir Win.

Terringham, Sir Wm. Playters, Colonel Robert Sir John Huytt, Mr. Hoblyn, and Mr. Anthony St. who were old Adventurers, or derived Title under them, as was alledged; as also the Counsel for his I Iighness the Duke of Torke; and the Counsel for William now Earl of Bedford , and likewise the Counsel for the new PurcTiafers; this Day attending; the Titles and Claims of the fevera} Parties before-mentioned, being opened;

The House did enter upon the Debate of the Matter i But the publick Business not permitting Time to make arry further Progress therein,

Resolved, upon the Question, That the Debate of this Matter, touching the great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Lev elf be adjourned, and resumed into. Confederation, to be further proceeded in on the Sixteenth Day of January next.

Serjeant Charleton reports, from the Conference with the Lords upon the Bill for Corporations, That the Lords . willing to comply with this House; and had made several Amendments to the Bill; which the Lords had delivered together with the Bill: Which Amendments the Reporter opened in his Place , and delivered in the fame, together with the Bill, at the Clerk's Table.

Resolved, That the Debate of the Amendments, sent from the Lords to the Bill of Corporations, be adjourned; and taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock: And that the Amendments be left with the Clerk,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, at Light of the Clock.

Mercurii, 18° die Decer- bris^ 130 Regis.

Prayers.

TTlncent L'Agaffealias Legajfe, in order to his Natura-

' lization, did this Day take the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance.

Ordered, That the Names of Charlott Heffen Killigrew, Wife of Thomas Kiiiigrew, and Thomas, and Robert Killigrew, their Children j and of Katharine Heffen

Shers, Wife to Sir John Shers, and of George Shers and John Shers, their Children; and of Charles , Richard Boyle, and Iienerette Boyle, Children of the Lady Shanen;

and of Richard Minors *, and of Frances the Daughter of Francis Toppe, being of the Age of Three Years; and of Jane Perkins, Daughter to Richard born

at Rotterdam, being an Infant; be inserted into the Bill

for Naturalization.

Upon Information given to this House, that Alderman . Sterling, one of the Sheriffs of London, being served

with an Order, signed by Mr. Speaker, to discharge James Lyde, menial Servant to Sir Henry Herbert (who was arrested, and imprisoned in the Poultry-Compter), out of Prison; the said Sheriff refused to obey the fid Order, or discharge the said Lyde , but put the Order up in his Pocket; and laid. He would answer it to the Speaker in the House;

Resolved, Thzt the said Sheriff Sterling be forthwith, this Morning, sent for, in Custody of he Serjeant at Arms,

to this House, to answer his Misdemeanor, and Breach of Privilege. -

/ '

This House taking into Consideration the Amendments sent from the Lords, to the A (St for enabling the King's Majesty to make Lfafes of his Uiglmefs' Ducny of Cornwall, ike.

The First Amendment, being in the First Skin, 19th Line, after, the Word " Lords," and before the Word " and, " putin these Words, " Spiritual and Temporal;" Which said Amendment being twice read;

Resolved, upon the Question, That this House doth agree with the Lords to the said Amendment.

And the Second Amendment, being in the 22th Line, after the Word " of," and before the Word " Years," put out the Word " Seven," and put in the Word "Three"

Which said Amendment being twice read,

Resolved, upon the Question, That this House doth agree with the Lords to the said Amendment.

This House taking into Consideration the Amendments lent from the Lords, to the Bill for enabling Algernon Peyton, Doctor in Divinity, to make Sale of Part of his Lands for Payment of Debts, &c.;

The First Amendment, being in the 4 ft.Skin, 34 Line, after the Word " Lords," and before the Word " and, " put in these Words, " Spiritual and Temporal;"

The said Amendment being twice read;

Resolved, upon the Question, That this House doth agree widi the Lords to the said Amendment.

The Second Amendment, being in the 3d Skin, 23d Line, after the Word " fit," and before the next Word or," put in these Words, " not being underOne hundred Pounds by the Year ;"

The said Amendment being twice read;

Resolved, upon the Question, That this House doth agree with the Lords to the said Amendment.

The Third Amendmentbeing in the 4th Skin, 1 oth Line, after the Word " Algernon," put in these Words, " And whereas the said Algernon Peyton the elder hath free Liberty, by the Deed of Entail aforesaid, as by the said Deed it doth appear, to make Waste upoa the Estate therein lettled, without Impeachment for the fame: Be it further Enabled, by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Algernon Peyton the elder be, and is hereby, restrained from making of any manner of Waste upon the Lands in the said Deed mentioned, or any Part thereof; any thing in the said Deed to the contrary hereof in anywise notwith-standing-,"

The said Amendment being twice read;

Resolved, upon the Question, That this House doth agree with the Lords to the said Amendment.

And the Fourth Amendment, being in the n line, after the Word " to," and before the Word " all," put in these Words, " the King's Majesty, his Heirs> and Successors, and ;" after the Word " all," and before the Word " Persons," put in the Word " others

The said Amendment being twice read ;.

Resolved, upon ch$ Question, That this House doth agree with the Lords to the said Amendment.

This House taking into Consideration the Amendments sent from the Lords, to the Bill for dividing Trinity Church in King ft on upon Hull from Haste;

The First Amendment being 1 ft Skin, 18th Line, after the Word " Lords," and before the Word " and, " putin these Words, " Spiritual and Temporal The said Amendment being twice read;

Resolved, upon the Question, That this House doth agree with the Lords to the said Amendment.

And the Second Amendment, being 2 Skin, 5 Line, after the Word " Successors," and before the next Word " and, " put in these Words, " under his or their Sign-Manual The said Amendment being twice read;

Resolved, upon the Question, That this House doth agree with the Lords to the said Amendment.

And

Journals of the House of Commons. A. 166.1*

And the Third Amendment, being in the 9th Line, after the Word "Hull" and before the Word " in," putin these Words, " together with his Majesty's said Approbation to the Archbishop of *,"

The said Amendment being twice read *,

Resolved, upon the Question, That this House doth agree with the Lords to the said Amendment.

The Fourth Amendment, being in the 33 Line, after the Word " Pounds, " and before the Words " shall be," put in these Words, " over and above the Value of the House and Gardens, and other Particulars before-mentioned

The said Amendment being twice read;

Resolved, upon the Question, That this House doth agree with the Lords to the said Amendment.

The Fifth Amendment, being 3d Skin, 33 Line, after the Word "after," and before "and," put in these Words, " And if it shall happen, that the said Sum of One hundred Pounds shall not be rated, collected, and paid, according as is before in this Act directed and provided: Be it further Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Vicar, and his Successors, to recover the said Sum of One hundred Pounds upon the Publick Revenues, belonging to the said Town of Kingston upon Hull, by an Action of Debt, to be

brought in any of his Majesty's Courts of Records, wherein no Wager of Law shall be allowed to the Defendants: And moreover the Mayor and Alderman of Kiugftcn upon Hull shall, thenceforth, forfeit unto the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, their Right of Nomination of the Vicar to the Parish or Precinct aforesaid;"

The said Amendment being twice read *,

' Resolved, upon the Question, That this House doth agree with the Lords to the said Amendment.

The Sixth Amendment, being in the Skin, 1 Line, after the Word "lJari(h," andbeiore the Word " by," put in these "Words, " one of them by the Vicar for the Time being, and the other j"

The said Amendment being twice read;

Resolved, upon the Question, That this House doth agree with the Lords to the said Amendment.

The Seventh Amendment, being in the 6 Line, after the Word " Hull," and before the Word " shall be," put in these Words, " together with all Duties and Payments belonging to the Archbishop of York, and all other Ecclesiastical Persons *,"

The said Amendment being twice read,

Resolved, upon the Question, That this House doth agree with the Lords to the said Amendment. And The Eighth Amendment, being, at the End of the Bill add these Words, "And be it lastly Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That... Church in upon

Hull aforesaid, and the Chancel of the same, shall, from time to time, be well and duly repaired at the Charges of the Inhabitants of the said Parish or Precinct, as oft as need (halt require*, any former Custom or Usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding *,"

The laid Amendment being twice read j Resolved, upon the Question, That this House doth agree with the Lords to the said Amendment.

Serjeant Char Ieton reports, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of St. Ives, That, upon the Petition of the Town, they had. proceeded to examine the Business touching the Election of Mr. Nofworthy, as one of the Burgesses for the said Borough: And that due Notice was given to the said Mr. Nofworthy: And that the Committee was well possessed of the Petition from the said Town: That Mr. Nofworthy was elected by Nineteen of the ^capital Burgesses , and returned by the Mayor: And that Mr. Bajfett, fmee deceased, was elected by a far greater

Number of Burgesses at large: That, in Mr. s

own Cafe, upon the Election in the last Assembly, Judgment was given against the Election of the Mayor and Twelve Capital Burgesses j and that all the Inhabitants had

Right of Election: And that, the Question now being the same as it was then, the Committee was of Opinion, That the Burgesses at large had Right of Election: That Mr. Bajfett had the Majority of Voices: And thatMr. Nofworthy his Election was void.

Resolved, upon the Question, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That the Burgesses at large had Right of Election: That Mr. Bajfett had the Majority of Voices: And that Mr. Nofworthy his Election was void: And that the Indenture whereby the said Mr. Nofworthy was returned, be taken off the File, and cancelled.

Serjeant Charleton made Report, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election of the Borough of New Malton, That they had proceeded to the Examination thereof, upon the Petition of Sir Thomas Gowre against the Return made for Mr. Thomas And that Sir Thomas Gowre had the Majority of Voices: And the Opinion of the Committee, That the said Sir? homas Gowre was duly elected, and ought to fit.

Resolved, upon the Question, That this Hqjufe doth agree with the Committee, That the said Sir Thomas Gowre had the Majority of Voices, and was duly elected a Burgess to serve for the said Borough, and ought to fit in this House.

Serjeant Charleton made Report, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, That, upon the Petition of Dr. Fife against Dr. Rijhton, they had proceed to examine the Matter touching their Elections for the Borough of Preston: And, the Question being, Whether the Mayor and Twenty-four Burgesses had only Voices i or the Inhabitants at large -, the Committee was of Opinion, That all tire Inhabitants had Voices in the Election: And that the Majority of such Voices was with Doctor Rif Hon: And that he was duly elected, and ought to fit.

Resolved, upon the Question, That this House doth agree with the said Committee, That all the Inhabitants of the said Borough of Preston had Voices in the Election: And that the Majority of such Voices was with Dr.:

And that the said Dr. Rijhton was duly elected a Burgess for the said Borough, and ought to lit in this House.

A Bill, sent from the Lords, for Prevention of Vexations and Opprtflions by Arrests, and oi Delays in Suits of Law, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read again the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir IVm. Childe and Sir Thomas Efourt, Two of the Matters in Chancery j

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down an Act, intituled, An Act to prevent the Inconveniencies arising by melting the Silver Coin of this Realm , whereunto they desire the Concurrence of this House: And that the Lords had agreed to the Three other Bills sent from this House, for granting to the King's Majesty Twelve hundred and threescore thousand Pounds *, for restoring the Earl of Arundell to the Dukedom of Norfolke *, and the Marquis of Hertford to the Dukedom of Somersett.

Ordered, That the said Bill, for preventing the Inconveniencies arising by melting the Silver Coin of this Nation, be read Tomorrow Morning:

The House taking into Consideration the Amendments sent from the Lords, to the Act for the Well-governing and Regulating of Corporations;

The First Amendment, in the ift Skin, 5 Line, being, after the Word " Liberty," leave out all the Words, to the Word " and, " in the 8th Line *, the fame, being twice read, was, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The Second Amendment, in the iothLinc of the same Skin, being, after the Word " Government," put in these Words, " It being too well known, that notwithstanding all his Majesty's Endeavours, and unparalleled Indulgence,

in

ft

'in pardoning all that is passed; nevertheless, many evil Spirits are still working: Wherefore, for Prtvention of the like Mischief for the Time to come, and for Preservation of the publick Peace, both in Church and State , " the same being twice read, was, upon the Question, agreed unto.

And the Third Amendment, in the 11 Line of the same Skin, being, after " it," and before " Enacted," leave out " therefore}" the same was also, upon the Question, agreed unto.

And the Fourth Amendment, in the 12 Line of the same Skin, being, after the Second " the," and before the next Word " and, " put in these Words, " Lords Spiritual and Temporalthe same was also, upon the Question; agreed unto.

And the Fifth Amendment, in the Thirteenth Line of the same Skin, being, after the Word " that," leave out all the Words before the Word " take," in the 20th Line of tire 2d Skin, after the Commissioners Names $ and, instead thereof, insert these Words, " Commissions IhalT, before the T wentieth Day of February next, be issued forth, under the Great Seal of England, unto such Person as his Majesty shall appoint, for the Executing of the Powers and Authorities herein after expressed: And that all ^nd every the Persons, to be named Commissioners in the said Commissions respectively, shall, by virtue of this Act, be Commissioners respectively, for and within the several Cities, Corporations, and Boroughs, and Cinque Ports, and their Members, and other Port Towns, within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed; for which they shall be respectively nominated and appointed. And be further Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons, who, upon the Twenty-fourth Day of December 1661* shall be'Mayors, Aldermen, Recorders, Bailiffs, Town Clerks, Common-Council-Men, and other Persons, then bearing any Office or Offices of Magistracy, or Places of Truffs, or other Employments, relating to, or concerning, the.Government of the said respective Cities, Corporations, and Boroughs, and Cinque Ports, and their Members, and other Port Towns, shall, at any Time before the Twenty-fifth Day of March 1663 , when they shall be thereunto required by the said respective Commissioners, or any Three or more of them: "

Which said Amendments being twice read;

Resolved, upon the Question, That this House doth agree to the said Amendment, saving, after the Word appointed," in the Sixteenth Line of that Amendment, this Clause, in that Part of the Bill, is to (land, and be inferred; that is to say, " And be it further Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That no Charter of any Corporation, Cities, Towns, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, and their Members, and other Port Towns, in England or , or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall, at any Time hereafter, be avoided, for or by reason of any Ad or Thing done before the First Day of this present Parliament." And the Sixth Amendment, in the 2d Skin, after the Commissioners Names, and the 21th Line, being, after the Second " and, " leave out all the Words to the Word " following," in the 25th Line; and, instead thereof, put in these Words " this Oath the same was also twice read: And

Resolved, upon the Question, That this House doth agree with the Lords to the said Amendment.

And the Seventh Amendment, in the 25th Line of the same Skin, being, after declare," put in these Words, " and believe; " the same was also twice read: And Resolved, upon the Question, That this House doth agree with the Lords to the said Amendment.'

And the Eighth Amendment, in the 28th Line of the same Skin, being, instead of " Distinction," read " Po-fition; " the same was also twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

And the Ninth Amendment, in the 29 Line of the same Skin, being, after the Word " him," leave out the Words' to the Word " Provided," in the 32 Line; and, instead

thereof, put in these Words, " So help me God , and also, at the same Time, shall publickly subscribe, before the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, this following Declaration: I A. B. do declare, that I do not hold, that there lies any Obligation upon me, -or any other Person, from the Oath, commonly called the Solemn League and Covenant: And that the same was, in itself, ah unlawful Oath; and imposed upon the Subjectj of this Realm, against the known Laws and Liberties if the Kingdom- And that all such of the said Mayors, and other the Persons aforesaid, by whom' the said Oaths are to be taken, and Declaration fiibscribed, as aforesaid, who shall refuse to take and subscribe the same within the Time, and in Manner aforesaid, shall, from and immediately after such Refusal, be, and are hereby declared and adjudged to be, void, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said respective Persons, so refusing, were naturally dead. And nevertheless be it further Enabled, by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall have full Power, by virtue of this Act, by Order and Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to displace or remove any of the Personskfore-said from the fad respective Offices and Places, or Trulls aforesaid, if the said Commissioners, or. any. Three or more of them, shall deem it expedient for the publick Safety, although such Persons shall have taken and fob-feribed, or be willing to take and subscribe, the said Oaths and Declaration. And be it also Enacted, That the said respective Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, as aforesaid, shall have Power to put and place, into the Offices and Places, which, by any of the Ways aforesaid* shall be void, respectively, foine other Person or Persons, then being, or which have been. Members or Inhabitants of the said respective Cities, Corporations, and Boroughs, and Cinque Ports, and their Members, and other Port-Towns, who shall, before the said respective Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, take the said Oaths of Obedience and Supremacy, and the said other Oath; and subscribe the Declaration herein before particularly mentioned: And that the said Persons, from and after the taking of the said Oaths, and subscribing the Cud Declaration, shall hold, arid enjoy, and be veftc-d in, the said Places and Offices, as if they had been duly elected and cholen, according to the Charters, and former Usages, of the said respective Cities, Corporations, and Boroughs, Cinque Ports, and their Members, and other Port-Towns. And be it further Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That the said respective Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, respectively, shall have Power, during the Continuance of their respective' Commissions, to administer the Oaths aforesaid, and tender the said Declara-. tion, to the said Persons hereafter required to take and subscribe the same: And, from and after the Expiration of the said respective Commissions,' the said Three Oaths shall be, from time Co time, administered arid tendered to such Person and Persons, who, by the true Meaning of this Act, or any Clause therein contained, are to take the fame, by such Person or Persons respectively, who, by the Charters or Usages' of the said respective Cities* Corporations, and Boroughs, and Cinque Ports, and their Members, and other Port-Towns, ought to administet? the Oath for due executing the said Places or Offices respectively; and, in Default of such, by Two Justices of the Peace of the said Cities, Corporations, and Boroughs, and Cinque Ports, and their Members, and Other Port-Towns, for the Time being, if any such there be; or otherwise, by Two Justices of the Peace, for the Time being, of die respective Counties' where the said Cities, Corporations, or Boroughs,' or Cinque Ports, or their Members, or other Port-Towns, are. And be it likewise Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, Justices of the Peace, and other Persons, hereby authorized to admfoifter the said Oaths, and tender the said Declaration, respectively, shall cause Memorandums or Entries to be made of all Oaths taken before them, and Subscriptions made, a* 4 Q^ aforesaid

aforesaid; and deliver the fame, once in a Year, to the respective Town Clerks, or other Register, or Clerk of the said respective Cities, Corporations, and Boroughs, and Cinque Ports, and their Members, and other Port-Towns; who shall cause the same to be fakly entered into the Books or Registers belonging to the said rej 'spective Cities, Corporations, or Boroughs, or Cinque Ports, and their Members, or other Port-Towns. Provided also, and be it Enabled, by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the Expiration of the said Commissions, no Person or Persons shall, for ever hereafter, be placed, elected, or chosen, in or to any the Offices or Places aforesaid, that ffiallnot have, within One Year next before such Election or Choice, taken the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper, according to the Rites of the Church of England: And that every such Person and Persons, so placed, elected, or chosen, shall likewise take the aforesaid Three Oaths, and subscribe the said Declaration, at the same Time when the Oath for the due Execution of the said Places and Offices respectively shall be administered: And, in Default hereof, every such Placing, Election, and Choice, is hereby enacted and declared to be void

The said Amendment being twice read;

' Resolved, upon the Question, That this House doth

agree to the said Amendment, with these Alterations following -, that is to say. Between the Word I," and the Word " hold," in the Sixth Line of that Amendment, put out the Words " do not;" and Between the Word " lies," and the Word " Obligation," in the same Line, put out the Word " any," and insert the Word " no;" and, in the Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth Lines of the same Amendment, put out the Words " any Three or more;" and, instead thereof, insert w the major Part;" and, after the Word " them," in the same Thirtieth Line, insert the Words " then present; " and, in the Thirty-sixth Line of the same Amendment, after the Word " Power," insert these Words, " to restore' such Person or Persons, as have been illegally or unduly removed, into the Places, out of which he or they were removed; and also;" and, after the last Word of the said Amendment, insert the Words following; " Provided always, and be it Enabled, That every Person, who shall be placed in any Corporation, by virtue of this Act, shall, upon his Admission, take the Oath or Oaths usually taken by the Members of such Corporation. Provided also, and be it hereby Enacted, That the Powers granted to the Commissioners, by virtue of this Act, shall continue, and be in Force, until the Twenty-fifth of March 1663, and no longer."

And the Tenth Amendment, in the 35 and 36 Lines, in the same Skin, being, after the Word " Commissioner," leave out these Words, " within this Act;" and, instead thereof, put in these Words, " as aforesaid ;* the same Was also twice read: And

Resolved, upon the Question, That this House doth agree with the Lords to the said Amendment.

And the Eleventh Amendment, in the Third Skin, 7 Line, being, after the Word " tried," and before the Word " shall," put in these Words, " or be depending;" the same was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

And the last Amendment, in the Two-and-twentieth Line of the same Skin, being, the Clause, beginning with the Word " Provided,"' to be left out to the End of the Bill; the same was also twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

Resolved, upon the Question, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Alterations and Additions in the said Amendments: And Sir John Duncombe is to go to the Lords, to desire the said Conference.

Ordered, That all Committees, which were to fit this Afternoon, be adjourned; and do fit Tomorrow, in the Afternoon, in the respective Places formerly appointed.

Ordered, That the Bill for Ministers be read Tomorrow Morning, the first publick Business.

Ordered, That Mr. Rigby have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

OrderedfThzt Mr. Bamabyhave the Leave of this House

to go into the Country.

The House being moved, in the Behalf of the Cole-Jlreamers, and other Soldiers, that served under the Lord General Monck, at his coming out of Scotland into England;

to know their Opinion, Whether, in their Votes and Ad-drels to his Majesty, to fend the disbanded Officers and Soldiers out of Town, and to prohibit them from approaching within Twenty Miles of the Town, the said Officers and Soldiers, formerly serving under General Monck, as aforesaid, were intended tobe included;

Resolved, That the Intention of this House, in their Vote for an Address to his Majesty, ter issue his Proclamation for the disbanded Officers and Soldiers Departure from, and not to approach within Twenty Miles of, this Town, was not to include the said Officers and Soldiers which served under, and marched with, the Lord General Monck, at his coming out of Scotland into England; and such as were instrumental in his Majesty's Restitution: And that the Concurrence of the Lords be desired to this Vote; AnA Svc James Smith is to carry the same up to

the Lords, for their Concurrence: And such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty's Privy Council, are desired to acquaint his Majesty with this Vote.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, at Eight of the Clock.

Jcvis, 190 die Decembris, 130

Prayers.,

THE additional ingrossed Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill for Confirming of private Acts, were this Day twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

This House being informed, that divers Persons, whole Names are inserted in the Bill of Naturalizing, which now was to be confirmed, had refused to pay the Fees of this House;

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do fend for such Persons, whose Names are inserted in the said Bill; and all other Persons who shall, at any time, refuse to pay their Fees: And, if Payment be not thereupon made, to report to the House, that such Course may be taken, as shall be thought fitting for the Enforcing thereof.

A Bill for restraining and regulating the Abuses of Hackney Coaches was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, That the same be committed to Mr. Comptroller, Lord Bruce, Sir Robert Brooke, Mr. Goodrich, Sir Robert Atkins, Mr. Long, Sir Baynbam Throgmorton, Sir

Robert Bolles, Sir Philip Warwick, Serjeant,

Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Edmund Mr. Mr.

How, Mr. Strode, Mr. Widdrington, Sir John Brampfion,

Mr. Sandys,. Sir John Goodrich, Sir Lancelot Lake, Mr. Bullen Reames, Mr. Clifford, Sir Thomas Strickland, Sir

William Fleetwood, Colonel Windham, Colonel Kirkby, Sir Rich. Breames, Sir Philip Musgrave, Sir Roger Brad-fhaigb, Sir Thomas Gower, Sir Charles Berkeley, Lord St. Johns, Dr. Birkenhead, Sir John Mr. Attorney

of the Duchy, Mr. Henry Cov* Sir John Shaw, Mr. Scudamore, Dr. Burrell, Mr. John Mr. Gawdy,

Mr. Sollicitor-General, Sir Thomas Lee, Sir William Ha-ward, Mr. Whorwood, Sir Thomas Allen, Sir Benjamin Ayliffe, Mr. Chetwind, Lord Sir Thomas Leigh,

Mr. Jollyff, Mr. AshburnhamColonel Mr. Newton., Sir John Denham, Lord Mr.

Mr. William Coventry, Sir Thomas Sir Tho.

worth. Sir Maurice Berkeley, Sir Sir George

Probert. Sir John Dawney, Sir Charles , Sir George Reeve, Lord Ancram, Sir Anthony Irby, Mr. Crouch, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Clifton, Mn Jones, Sir Henry Puckering: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fold for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill enabling John Coppleston Esquire to lell Lands for Payment of his Debts, and Provision for his Children, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the same be committed to Sir John Goodrich, Sir Mr. Wal-

grave, Mr. Goodrich, Mr. Bullen Reames, Sir Edmund

Peirfe, Sir Robert Brooke, Sir G Colonel

lips, Sir Charles Harbord, Mr. Clifton, Mr. William Low-

ther. Sir Thomas Stukeley, Sir Courtney Poole, Mr. Smith, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Harbord, Sir Thomas Wendy, Sir Charles Cornewallis, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Clifford, Sir Charles Huffey, Sir John- Rolls, Svc John Maynard, Mr. Dennis, Mr. Knight, Mr. Scudamore, Dr. Birkenhead, and all the Members of this House that serve for the County of Devon.: And they are to meet, in the Speaker's Chamber, this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, That Sheriff Sterling be called to the Bar of this House; and shall, upon his Knees, receive the Re-prehension of Mr. Speaker, for his Contempt and Breach of the Order of this House: And that he be continued in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, till he do cause Lyde, Servant to Sir Henry Herbert, to be released out of Prison, without any Fees or Charges.

The Sheriff being called in-, and kneeling at the Bar; Mr. Speaker gave him a grave Repfehension: And told him, that feme Sheriffs of London, for a less Offence, had been font to the Tower; but, in regard of his loyal Affections to his Majesty, the House was pleased to remit his Offence, upon the Enlargement of the Prisoner: But that he should remain in the Serjeant's Custody, till the Prisoner were released as aforesaid.

Ordered, That John Pointz, John Grove,

John Greene, and John Warren, for their Misdemeanor, and Breach of Privilege, objected against them, in arresting, and causing James Lyde, menial Servant of Sir Henry Herbert, to be imprisoned in the Poultry-Compter -, and Humphrey Giffard, Keeper of the said Compter, for his Contempt, and Breach of the Order of this House, in detaining the said Lyde Prisoner; be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, to answer the fame: And that it be referred to the Committee of Privileges; to examine the Matter; and report it to this House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Justice Tirrell and Mr. Baron Tumor;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a present Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, upon Occasion of a Message received from the King.

The Judges were commanded to withdraw.

They were again called in.

Mr. Speaker acquaints them, That the House had considered of this Message; and agreed to a present Conference in the Painted Chamber.

And Sir Heneage Finch, Sir Robert Atkins, Lord Offory, Serjeant Charleton, Serjeant Keeling, Sir Mr.

Comptroller, Mr. Pryn, are to manage the Conference.

Resolved, That an humble Application be made to his Majesty, to give Warrant for the Detaining of the Wools lately made Stay of, as they were transporting beyond the Seas; and to seize upon the Screws, and other Instruments, deviled and made use of for the close Packing of Wools, to deceive his Majesty of his Customs, and to spoil the Manufacture of the Kingdom: And Sir

Richard Ford and Mr. John Jones are to wait upon his Majesty with this Message*

Ordered, That the Petition of Mr. Ilewley and his Wife, now delivered, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Sir John Duncombe reports, That the Lords will fend an Answer by Messengers of their own, touching the Amendments to the Bill for Corporations.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Childe and Sir Tho. Bird, Two of the Mailers of Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have agreed to a present Conference, in the Painted Chamber, concerning the Amendments to the Bill for regulating Corporations.

The Messengers were commanded to withdraw.

They were again called in.

Mr. Speaker acquaints them, That this House had considered of the Message; and agreed to a present Conference.

A Message afterwards, by the said Sir Wm. Childe and Sir Thomas Bird -,

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a present Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, concerning the Vote for an Address to his Majesty, on the Behalf of the Coleftrearners.

The Messengers were commanded to withdraw*

They were again called in*

Mr. Speaker acquainted them. That the Lloufo had considered of their Message; and agreed to a present Conference.

Ordered, That those who did manage the last Conference, together with Sir James Smith, do manage this Conference.

A Bill to prevent Abuses in Arrests, and Delays in Prosecution of Suits of Law, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That this Bill be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Sollicitor reports, from the Conference concerning the ColeJtreamers, Tha.t the Lords could not concurr: And that the Proclamation was as large, as with Safety, in this Conjuncture of Affairs, it could extend; his Majesty having granted Licence to those that had been recomj mended by the General; and there being feme who were not to be trailed.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Wm. Childe and Sir Thomas Bird;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you back the Bill for Corporations, with your Amendments; and agree to all of them.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Mr. Sollicitor-General reports, from the Conference had with the Lords, arising upon the Message sent from his Majesty, That the Lord Chancellor declared, that the same did concern Things of a high and dangerous Nature: And that there had been a real Design, which had been forming ever since March last, to disturb the Union and Peace of the Kingdom: And named several of the Parties engaged -, with the Manner and Contrivance of their traiterous Design; and the Progress they had, from time to time, made therein: And that, although their Designs were at present disordered, as to the Effecting of them in this Town (to which end they had made a general Invitation of disbanded Officers and Soldiers, and other disaffected Persons, to resort hither about the 11 th of this Month); yet Hill they were practising to put the same in Execution in the Country: And that the Lords, to provide a Remedy against these Evils, had appointed a Committee of Twelve of their House and did pro-' pose it to this House, to appoint an answerable Number of their Members, to be joined with the Lords; who 3 might*

might, during the Recess, examine the said traiterous Mr. Speaker,

jDcTigns: And to report it to the House, with such Ex- . The King commands this House to attend his Majesty pedients as they shall find necessary, for preventing and Forthwith, in the House of Peers.

suppressing thereof, and securing the Peace of this King- Whereupon Mr. Speaker, accompanied with all the dom, in the Juncture of Affairs: And that they were to Members of this House, immediately went up to the meet at the Lodgings assigned to my Lord Chancellor, in House of Lords, to attend his Majesty's Pleasure. Whiteball and to adjourn from Time to Time* and Place . And Mr. Speaker, having presented to his Majesty the to Place, as they fine! convenient. Bill for the Twelve hundred thousand Pounds, made an

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Lords, elegant Speech, to appoint a Committee of Twenty-four Members of their And, upon his Return, made Report, That the King's House, to be joined to the Committee appointed by the Majesty made a gracious Speech in Answer thereunto; Lords, as aforesaid. wherein his Majesty was pleased to give very hearty

And the Question being put. That this Committee should be named according to the usual Course;

The House was divided: And

The Noes went out.

Mr. Seymour, f Tellers for the Noes:

Sir Rich. Temple, \ With the Noes, 1

Lord St.John, f Tellers for the Yeas: 7

Lord Angier, \ With the Yeas, j

So it was resolved in the Affirmative, That a Committee be appointed, according to the usual Course.

And a Committee was accordingly appointed, of the Persons hereafter named , Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Vice-Chamberlain, Mr. Sollicitor-General, Mr. , Lord Bruce, Lord Fanshaw, Sir Richard OSerjeant Charle-

ton. Sir Robert Atkins, Mr. George Mount ague. Sir John Duncombe, Sir George Ryve, Sir Robert Howard, Sir John Goodrich, Lord Falkland, Mr. Mr. Lowther, Sir

Thomas Meres, Sir Allan Apjley, Lord Herbert, Sir John

Brampston* Mr. Vaughan, Sir Throgmorton, and

Sir Thomas Littleton.

Resolved, That this House be Called on Thursday, next after Twelfth-Day: And that every Member then absent, whose Excuse shall not be allowed by this House, shall pay Five Pounds for his Default.

Resolved, That the Committee, now appointed to join With the Committee named by the Lords, do make Report of their Proceeding on Friday, next after Twelfth-Day.

Sir John Robinson, Lieutenant of the Tower, acquainted

this House, that isaac Pennington, one of the Regicides

who were Prisoners in the Tower, is dead.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, at Eight of the Clock.

Veneris, 20° die Decembris> 130 Car. Regis.

ffXRdered, That Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Cofferer, the Lord Angier, the Lord Bruce, the Lord Richardson, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, and Mr. William Sandys, do wait upon his Majesty, with the Desires of this House, that his Majesty will be pleased to pass the Bill for granting to his Majesty Twelve hundred and Threescore thousand Pounds, to be levied by an Assessment of Seventy thousand Pounds a Month, for Eighteen Months.

An ingrafted Bill, sent from the Lords, for preventing of Vexations and Oppressions by Arrests, and of Delays Suits of Law, was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That this House doth assent thereunto: And that the same do pass: And Mr. Sollicitor-General is to return the same to the Lords.

The ingrossed Bill, for Confirming the Act for Ministers, was this Day read the Third time:

And, upon Debate thereof, several Amendments were. Upon the Question, agreed unto; and, accordingly, made at the Clerk's Table:

But, before any further Progress could be made therein; Sir John Eyton, Usher of the Black Rod, brought this Message;

Thanks to this House, for their great Present; and declared, that he had received the Benefit of it before he had it *, the Reputation thereof having given his Majesty Credit, both at Home and Abroad: And that his Majesty was not more willing to give his Royal Assent to That Bill, than he should be to pass any Bills whatsoever, which this House should present unto him, for his Ptople's Good.

Resolved, upon the Question, That, all Committees, which were adjourned to a particular Day, after this Recess, do meet accordingly: And that all other Committees be revived; and do meet in the several Places appointed, on the Seventh of January next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And that the Service of this Order upon the Parties or Witnesses concerned be good Notice.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the further Debate of the Bill for confirming the Act for Ministers be adjourned till the Eighth of January next 5 and then pro* ceeded in, the first publick Business.

And then the House adjourned till the 7th of January next, at Eight of the Clock.

Martis, 70 die Januarii, 130 Car. Regis.

Praye its.

J^Efolved, That the Constable of Westminster, William Dibden, alias Dabene, William Barrington, Samuel Roper, Richard Knight, Arthur Butterworth, Richard Loveland, and John Bowman, be apprehended, and brought in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms , to answer their Breach of Privilege, in imprisoning Mr. Speccott, and Mr. Southcott, Two of the Members of this House; and for using them in a reproachful manner; and using ignominious Words against the Members of this House.

Sir Richard Ford made Report, that he and Captain Jones had attended his Majesty, with the Order of this House, of the Ninteenth of Decemblaft, concerningWools, and Screws, and other Engines, for the close Packing of Wool: And that his Majesty was graciously pleased

readily to order, that the Engines should be taken, and brought on Shore: Which was done accordingly.

A Bill for confirming Letters Patents, incorporating the Society of Merchant Adventures of the City of was this Day read the Second time.

And the Question being put. That the said Bill should be laid aside;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the Grand Committee for Trade do constantly fit twice a Week; viz. on every Monday and Friday, in the Afternoon: And that, laying all other Business aside, they do, in the First place, take into Consideration the Deceits and Abuses in all Woolen Manufactures; and inquire into the Reasons of the Decay of that Trade: And that they do prepare and bring in a Bill, or Propofols, for restoring and improving thereof, and for the Regulation of the Exportation of the said Woolen Manufactures; and to hinder the Exportation of Wool, and Wool-Fells; and to remedy the Scarcity of Bullion, and to prevent the Exportation thereof: And that all other Committees do forbear

to

to fit at the Times appointed for the Sitting of this Committee.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Justice Mallett and Mr. Justice Tirrell;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a present Meeting with this House, in the Painted Chamber, concerning the Committee of both Houses.

And the Messengers being commanded to withdraw;

It was Resolved, upon the Qudlion, That this House

doth agree to the said Meeting.

And the Messengers being again called in; they were acquainted with the Resolution of the House therein: And

Mr. Serjeant Charleton, Mr. Waller, Sir Wm. Lowther, Dr. Birkenhead, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Robert Atkins, and

Mr. William Coventry, are to manage the said Conference; and make Report thereof: And

Mr. Serjeant Charleton, Sir Robert Atkins, and Mr. Waller, having made Report to the House of the Conference; and that the Lords had dissolved their Committee;

Ordered, That the Committee of this House, who were joined with the Committee of the House of Lords, do make their Report, according to the former Appointment, on Friday next.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed of the Persons here undernamed; Mr. Dr. Birkenhead, Sir

Charles Harbord, Sir Anthony Irby, Mr. Wren, Dr. Bur-well, Sir Thomas Meres, Mr. Attorney of the Duchy, Mr. Pryn: And they, or any Three or more of them, are to call before them Philip Nye the younger, who was Clerk to the late pretended Triers; and to require, and receive from him all Presentations to any ecclesiastical Benefices or Promotions, made in the Time of the late usurped Powers; and Entries of any Admissions, Institutions, or Inductions thereupon, now in his Custody: And-they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Duchy-Chamber; and to fit de die in diem; and to make Report of their Proceedings therein to this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning at Eight of the Clock.

Mercurii, 8° die 'Januarii, 130 Regis.

Prayers.

UPON the humble Petition of John Greene, John Pointz, and Francis Pointz, his Majesty's Servants in Ordinary, now Prisoners to the Serjeant at Arms attending this House;

Ordered, That they have their Liberty, upon Bail, till the Matter concerning them be examined by the Committee of Privileges: Who are to take this Business into their Consideration, at their Sitting To morrow, in the first place.

Ordered, That Commissioners Names, for the Eighteen Months Assessment, for the Town and County of Nottingham, or any other Town and County, for which Cofn-missioners are not named, be brought in Tomorrow Morning.

And if there be an Omission of Commissioners for any Place, for which Commissioners Name shall not be brought in, then the Commissioners for the County at large are to be Commissioners for any Town or County within such County.

A Bill for confirming of Two Acts of the last Aflem-bly, one for restoring unto James Marquis of Ormond, all his Manors, Lands, and Tenements in; and an-

other for restoring of Sir George Lane to the Possession of certain Manors and Lands in Ireland; was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Acts of the last Assembly, which

concern Mr. Bor eel, and Sir Geo be inserted into this Bill, to be thereby confirmed.

The House resuming the Debate of the Bill for confirming the Act for Ministers, and Two other Acts therein mentioned;

Divers Amendments were agreed unto; and accordingly made at the Clerk's Table: And then

Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Bill do pals.

Resolved, also, That the Title of the said Bill shall be, An Act for confirming ThreeAdls therein particularly mentioned, with Additions and Alterations in the laftof them.

Ordered, That Sir John Brampfton do prepare and bring in a Bill for Relief of the present Incumbents, touching Delapidations, which happened during the Time their Livings were with-held from them by Intruders.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, at Eight of the Clock.

Jovts, 90 die Jamtarii 130 Car. Regis.

TjEfolved, That Mr. Lucas be discharged from the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, paying his Fees.

Ordered, That his Majesty's Printer do bring, and leave with the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, a sufficient Number of the Acts for the Eighteen Months Assessment; that they may be delivered to the several Members of this House, to disperse into the Country.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed of thelePer-lons following; viz.Dr. Birkenhead, Mr. Sir Wm.

Lowther, Sir John Brampfton, Mr. Vaughan, Dr. Bur-well, Mr . Sandys, Mr. Crouch, Sir Robert Atkins, Mr. Clifford, Mr. Heath, Sir Thomas Meres; or any Three of them: And they are to meet de die in diem; and to peruse the printed Act of the Eighteen Months Assessment, and other the Publick Acts made by this Parliament; and to fee whether they be truly printed, and agree with the Original; and all'o to peruse the ingrafted Bill for confirming certain Acts of the last Convention; and amongst them the Bill touching Ministers, with Alterations and Additions, and all such other publick Bills as shall for the future pass this House: And, to see that the fame, and the several Clauses and Provisoes therein, do agree.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker, when the Lord Corne-wallis shall be called up to the Lords House, do fend his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to issue a Writ for a new Election of a Member in his Place.

Upon reading the Petition of John Wandesford Esquire; and a Certificate also being produced, touching Dr. Craddock' % being in Holy Orders;

Ordered, That the Matter upon the said Petition and Certificate, be referred to the Committee of Privileges; to take the same into Consideration; and to examine whether Sir Joseph Craddock be in Holy Orders, and so disabled to fit as a Member of this House; and make Report of it to this House.

Tire Question being put, to forbear the Calling of the House this Day;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Chesterman, an Attorney, be summoned by the Serjeant at Arms, or his Deputy, to attend the Committee of Privileges this Afternoon: And it is referred to the said Committee, to examine the Breach of Privilege objected against him, in prosecuting and obtaining an Outlawry against Sir John Denham, whilst he was a Sitting-Member of this House; and to report the Matter to this House.

Mr. Rigby reports Amendments from the Committee to which the Bill for repairing and amending Highways 4 R was

was committed: Which were opened by the Reporter at the Bar; and compared with the Coherence*, and brought up to the Clerk's Table *, and there delivered.

Resolved, That the Matter, upon the Report of the Amendments to the Bill of Highways, be adjourned till Saturday Morning; and taken into Consideration, the first publick Business.

Resolved, That the Bill for amending and repairing the Highways, in and near the Cities of London and IVfimin-jler, be read the Second time, after the Amendments reported to the other Bill for Highways.

And the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning at Eight of the Clock.

V eneriS)ic° die jf anuarii,130 Car. Regis.

Prayers.

A Bill, in the Nature of an additional Act, concerning Matters of Afiiirance, was this Day read the Eirlt time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read again the Second time, on Tuesday next.

A Bill, sent from the Lords, for settling certain drained Grounds, lying within the Level of Half, eld ( hace, and Parts adjacent, within the Counties of,

and Nottingham, was this Day read die Second time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That this Bill be committed to the same Committee to whom the Bill for Level is committed: And all the Members of this House, who shall come to the said Committee, are to have Votes thereat-, except such as are Owners, Undertakers, or Adventurers or otherwise, concerned in point of Interest in this Level: And the Petitions, of the Freeholders, Tenants, and Corfimoners, within the Manor of *, and of Henry

Porting ton *, and of the West Riding in the County of Yorke-, are referred to the same Committee: Who are to receive, and take into Consideration, their Petitions, and the Petitions, Claims, and Interests of any other Persons concerned in this Level: And they are to call before them all Persons concerned -, and to give them convenient Time to come, in: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do search for, and take into Custody, the Persons that gave in Papers of the Names of Members of this House, to be of the Committee for the Bill of the Level, called Hatfield Chafe *, and do bring them in Custody; to answer their Misdemeanor, and Breach of Privilege, in giving in the said Papers.

Mr. IValler reported. That the Committee of Twenty-four, appointed by this House, had met with the Committee of Twelve, appointed by the House of Lords, at the Time and Place appointed *, and that the Members; of this House, when they met with those appointed by the Lords, fat down with them, and put on their Hats,' without any Exception taken by the Lords: That though the Order of this House was as full as That of the Lords; yet the Committee thought fit, that the Remedies should proceed from the House itself, when.it was full: That the Lord Chancellor made an additional Report of the traite-rous Designs let on foot at several Times; and acquainted them with the Names of such as engaged and of the further Dilbovery that was made-, and how it was discovered: That he named Mr. Moyer, John Lenthall, Major Haynes, Mr. NevilI, Packer, and Salmon: That and Sal-

mon differed upon their Examinations Wildman saying. He had not seen Salmon in Twelve Months before; and Salmon saying. He had been with Wildman the Day before: That Salmon confefied. He had desired a Pass from Wild-' man-, and Wildman said, He knew nothing of it: That there was found with Salmon a List of One hundred and Sixty:

Officers of the late Army: That it was further discovered. That there should have been a Meeting in London, about the Tenth or Eleventh of December-, and that they intended, about the End of January or , to have made

sure of Shrewsbury, Coventry, and Bristol -, and that they

should rife in several Parts at once; that if they did but disturb our Peace they should lessen our Reputation abroad, by discovering we were at Variance among our-selves; that, where they were prevalent, they should begin with Assassination; which moved one of them to relent; that some of the late King's Murderers were entertained in France, Holland, and Germany, and held constant Correspondence with these, arid were fomented by some foreign Princes; that many Arms were bought, in order to this Design; and that they bragged that if they once got footing, they should not want means to carry on the Work: That they were discovered by one of the One-and-twenty; and his Relation confirmed by such Intelligence from abroad, as never failed: That by a Letter from Mr. Walden, -ax. Huntington, it was informed, that many there met under the Name of Quakers, that were not so; and rid in Multitudes, by Night, to the Terror of his Majesty's good Subjects: That there was there a dangerous Inn, and a seditious Preacher, who uttered the same thing the re as was here at London by Seaman who ul'ed the late King so barbarously at the Isle of Wight: That the Name of the Discoverer was concealed, btcause some in this Design were not taken; but would shortly be made appear in That

it may be wondered, that some Proposals were not made to remedy this impendent Evil: But the King had advised with the Duke of Albemarle (who was present at this Committee), and had put Two Troops into Shrewsbury, and as many into Coventry (who, by tneway, had broken a great Knot of Thieves, and taken Twenty): That a Rumour was spread, that the Appointing of this Committee was only a Plot to govern by an Army; and than the Committee was made in order to ic: But the Committee was very sensible of the real Danger; and hoped this House would be so too; and that, since all our Adversaries were united to dellroy us, so we should unite to preserve ourselves.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed by this House, to join with the Committee named by the Lords, be dil-solved.

Ordered, That the Debate upon the Report of Mr. Waller be resumed Tomorrow, when the House is full.

Ordered, That such of the Members of this House as are of his Majesty's Privy Council, do wait upon his Majesty, to put his Majesty in mind of the former Order of this House; whereby his Majesty was humbly desired to fend for Lambert and Vane, in order to their Trial; and Waller, and the other Persons attainted of High Treason, to attend this House, when they shall be called; and to beseech his Majesty to take an Account of what hath been done in Execution of his Majesty's Commands therein.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for Execution of certain Persons attainted of High Treason is committed, be revived; ami do meet on next,

in the Afternoon, at Two of the Clock: And all the Members of this House, who shall come to the said Committee, are to have Votes thereat: And the Committee are desired to hasten their Report: And -the Persons hereunder named are particularly added to the said Committee; Sir T bomas Leigh, Sir John Duncombe, Sir

Mr. Henry Coventry, Mr. William CoColonel Leggy

Mr. John Ashburnham, Sir William Sir Charles

Pluffey, Mf. Whorwocd, Sir Clement - Sir John

Brampfion, Serjeant Keeling, Sir Matthew Mr.

Milward, Lord Ancram, Sir Thomas Strickland, Colonel

Fretchvile, Sir Richard Temple, Mr. Scudamore, Mr. lyott. Colonel Strangway.es: And the said Committee is to meddle with no Petitions for the Traitors, but such as were at first referred, or shall be recommended by the House; And the said Committee is authorised to examine all such, Persons, as they shall think fit, in order to the

Discovery

Discovery of such Persons that were upon the Scaffold in Vizards, when the late King was traiterouQy murdered, and put to Death.

Ordered, That Mr. Andrew Serjeant

ford, and Mr. William Russell, be added to the Committee

of Privileges and Elections.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning at Eight of the Clock.

Sabbatiy 11° Jannar 130

YfRdered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for Hatfield Level is referred, do meet in the Speaker's Chamber, on Tuesday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mrs. Bedlowe, being the Person that delivered in Papers, for some Members to be of the Committee for the Bill concerning Hatfeild Level, be discharged of her Commitment to the Serjeant at Arms, without f ees.

A Bill for the Vesting and Settling the Lands, therein mentioned, upon William Brow, and others the Tru-ftees, for the Use of the Lady ,was this Day

read the Second time.

Resolved', That the same be committed to Lord An-cram, Mr. Goodrich, Sir Roger Colonel

Dr. Birkinhead, Mr. Reames, Mr. , Mr.

Mr. John Lowther, Sir Lancelot Lake, Sir Tompkins,

1 Sir Hen. North, Sir Clifford Clifton, Mr. , Mr.

Mr. Attorney of the Duchy, Oir Anthony , Mr. Wm. Sandy s. Sir Wm. Lowther, Mr Serjeant Charlton, Sir Rob. Atkyns, Sir Charles Mr. Vaughan,

Mr. Giles Strangwaies, Sir Rich. Francklyn, Sir Cha. Har-

bord, Sir Fra. Clarke, Mr. Harbord, Sir John Talbot, Mr. Crouch, Sir John Goodrick, Sir Wm. Lewes, Sir

Maulevcrer, Colonel Kirby, Dr. , Sir Geo. Ryve,

Sir Rich. Braham, Mr. MarvSir John Mr.

Lucy, Sir Allan Broderick, Mr.. Garraway, Mr. Clifford, Sir Baynham Throckmorton, Mr. Scudamore, Colonel Phillips, Mr. Henley, Mr Churchill, Mr. Mr. York,

and all the Members of this House that serve for the Counties of Hampshire and Suff: And they are to meet in the Exchequer-Chamber, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, on Tuesday next: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all Persons concerned are to be called in, and heard -, and to have convenient Time to come in,

Serjeant Charlton reports, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Commitment of John Pointz, Francis Pointz, John Grove, John Greene, John

Warren, That the Committee was of Opinion, that they were: guilty of the Breach of Privilege j but did recommend them to the House, to discharge them; having been a good while in Custody.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee: And that tire said John Pointz, Francis Pointz, John Grove, John Greene, JohH Warren, and Humphrey

Gyffard, be discharged, paying such Fees as Mr. Speaker shall order.

Upon Complaint made, that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House doth take excessive Fees,

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed, of the Persons here under-named; viz. Mr. Pryn, Dr. Birkinhead, Serjeant Charlton, Mr. Garraway, Mr. Bulkley, Mr. Goodrich, Sir Robert Atkyns, Sir Thomas Tompkins, Sir -Lowther, Earl of Ancram, Mr.- And-theyT or

any Five or more of them, are to take into Consideration the Fees demanded by the Serjeant at Arms; and to report to this House what his just Fees are: And they are to fit de die in diem, as they shall think fit: And to fend for Persons, v Paper's, and Records.

Upon Information given to this House, That the Clerk of the Lords House did permit the Original Rolls of Acts of Parliament to be carried to the Printer , and that they were there ripped in Pieces, and blotted and abused, and were in Danger to be imbezzled or altered;

Resolved, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to desire them to give Order, that the Original Rolls of Acts of Parliament be kept in the Office, and not delivered to the Printer; but that true Copies be delivered to him, from the Roll, fairly written, and carefully examined and attested: And Dr. Birkinhead is to carry up this Message.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Meres do carry up the Bill for confirming three Acts, therein particularly mentioned, with Additions and Alterations in the last of them: And that he do put the Lords in mind of expediting the Bill for Restoring of all such Advowsons, Redories, impropriate Glebe-Lands, and Tythes, to his Majesty's loyal Subjects, as were taken from them; and making void certain Charges, imposed on them upon their Compositions for Delinquency by the late usurped Powers.

Ordered, That this House will, on Tuesday next, take into Consideration the Amendments reported to the Bill for Repairing and Maintaining the Highways: And that die other Bill for Repairing and Maintaining the Highways, in and near the Cities of London and Westminster, be then read.

1 r

Resolved, That this House will on Thursday next, and fb from thenceforward, each Day, take into Consideration the Business, of the King's Majesty's Revenue one Day; and the Militia the others alternis vicibus: And no other Business to intervene, till this be finished.

Resolved, That this House will, on Wednesday next, solemnize the Fast appointed by his Majesty, in St. garet t'sChurch, Westminster: And that Dr. Dean of Windsor, and Dr. Pearson, be desired to preach before this House that Day: And Mr. Serjeant Charlton is desired to give Mr. Dean Ryve Notice hereof.

Ordered, That Dr. Creyghton Dean of Wells, and Dr. Al-fop, be desired to preach before this House on the Thirtieth Day of January next, in St. Margaret's Church, Westminster: And that Sir Thomas Meres be desired to give Dr. Creyghton Notice: And that the Lord Richardson do give Dr. Alsop Notice.

Resolved, That this House will, this Afternoon, relblve into a Committee of the whole. House, to consider of the Militia; and allb to take into'Consideration such Pro-pofals as shall be offered, for preventing the present Dangers, and securing the Peace of the Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. Thompson have the Leave of thi9 House to go into the Country.

Resolved, That this House be adjourned till Three of the Clock this Afternoon....

Poji Meridiem.

Rdered, That Dr.. Bolton be desired to preach before this House at the Fast to be solemnized in Margaret's Church, Westminster, on Wednesday next: And Sir Charles Harbord is desired to acquaint him therewith.

This House being informed. That Dr. had Notice but this Day at Noon, that the Matter concerning his Election was to be heard' on Tuesday next;

Ordered, That the same be put off till Tuesday next come Sevennight. , '

And then this Hoftfc resolved into a Committee of the 'whole House, to consider of the Militia , and also to take 1 into

344

into Consideration such Proposals as shall be offered, for preventing the present Dangers, and securing Peace of the Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins took the Chair.

Mr. Speaker again took the Chair.

And Sir Robert Atkins made Report, That the Committee had made fbme Progress in the Matter to them referred-, and desired, that the House would again resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Tuesday Morning next, to resume the said Debate.

Resolved, upon the Question, That this House do resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House on Tuesday Morning, to resume the said Debate.

Ordered, That all Committees who were to meet this Afternoon, and have not adjourned, be revived; and do meet, and adjourn, on Monday next in the Afternoon.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, at Eight of the Clock.

Lurne, 130 die 'Januarii, 130 Regis.

Q Rdercdy That the Committee, to whom the Bill for regulating the Making of Stuffs in Norwich and Nor-folke was committed, be revived; and do meet in the Exchequer-Chamber, Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Two of the Clock.

A Petition of William Deabne, on the Behalf of himself, and William BarringtonSamuel Richard

Knight, Arthur Butter-worthy Richard , and John

Bowman, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for Breach of Privilege, was this Day read.

And William Deabne being brought to the Bar of this House; and being on his Knees-, and having acknowledged his Fault, and Breach of Privilege and humbly begged Pardon of this House, and of the Members that were affronted and abused -,

Ordered, That the said William Deabne, at the Request of the Members that were abused, who were pleased to remit the Offence, and high Breach of Privilege committed against them by the said Wm. Deabne, Wm. Barrington, Samuel Roper, Richard Knight, Arthur Butter-worth, Richard Loveland, and John Bowman, that were with him committed to the Serjeant at Arms; that the said Deabne, and the other Persons aforesaid, be discharged of their Commitment, paying their Fees.

A Bill for confirming several Acts therein mentioned, made by the last Convention, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill for settling the Differences between the Inhabitants of Nottingh, and others, be read Tomorrow Morning, the First time.

A Bill to restrain excessive Gaming, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read again the Second time.

The further Hearing and Debate of the Cause, upon the ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, to make void certain Fines unduly procured to be levied by Sir Edward Powell Knight and Baronet, and Dame Mary his Wife, being, by Order of the Sixteenth of December last, adjourned to this Day;

The House, accordingly, resumed the further Hearing and Debate thereof.

And the Parties concerned, with their Counsel, being called in to the Bar of this House;

The Counsel for Mr. Levingfton and his Wife, and those who claim as Purchasers under Mr. , were

first, at large, heard and, as at the last Hearing, lb they did now again, insist upon the great Authority, Solemnity, and Sacredness of Fines and that no Agreement, or Evidence of Fraud or Force, ought to be admitted against the Record of a Fine: And cited several Cafes, and offered several Exceptions, both as to the Matter and Form of the Bill: And, upon the whole Matter, did demurr to the Jurisdiction of this House, as to this Cause.

To which the Counsel for Sir Robert Crooke and his Lady, and the other Coheirs of Sir Peter , having

replied, and given Answer, to the several Cafes cited, and Matters objected; and offering several Cafes and Precedents, where this House had admitted and passed Bills, to make void Fines in Cafes of like Nature, upon Matter of Fraud and Force;

The House, being satisfied, That they had full Power and Juriselidtion of the Cause, directed the Counsel for the said Coheirs to proceed to the Proof of the Matter of Fadl, in relation to the Fraud and Force in obtaining the said Fines.

Which they did accordingly: And several Witnesses being called in, and examined at the Bar of the House, in the Presence of the Parties, and their Counsel, on both Sides; and also croft-examined;

And Mr. Levingfton, and the Purchasers, being called upon to produce such Witnesses as they had and to make what Defence they could against the Evidence: And pretending, they did not expect the Matter of Fadl, as to the Fraud and Force, to come into Examination this Day: And that Mr. Levingfton alledging, his Witnesses were not present, although they were summoned to attend; and craving a further Day -,

But, it appearing to the House, that Mr. Levingfton had taken a Warrant from Mr. Speaker, about Six Weeks since, to summon his Witnesses; but had not, by his own Confession, given them any Notice till within this Week; and heard not from them when they would attend: — And the House having allotted this Day particularly for this Cause, and denied any other Business, though of publick Concernment, to interpose; but, to avoid That, had iat on Saturday in the Afternoon, upon the Business of the Publick;

The Parties, with their Counsel, being withdrawn;

The Question was put. Whether this House should allow another Day for the Flearing of this Cause depending upon the Bill, sent from the Lords, to make void the Fines unduly levied by Sir Edward Powell and his Lady;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Sir Thomas Allen, f Tellers for the Yeas: 7 ,

Mr. Bunckley, \ With the Yeas, j

Sir Thomas Tompkins, j Tellers for the Noes: 7 Col. Giles Strangwaies, \With the Noes, J 1IO*

And so it passed in the Negative.

And the Parties, with their Counsel, being again called in; and Mr. Speaker, by Direction of the House, offering to Mr. Levingfton, and their Purchasers, and their Counsel, to hear their Witnesses, or what further they had to say;

But they waving to make any further Defence, alledge-Ing they were not prepared;

And being withdrawn;

It was Resolved, upon the Question, That the ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, to make void certain Fines unduly obtained to be levied by Sir Edward Powell, and his Lady, be read the Third time on This-day-sevennight.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning at Eight of the Clock.

Martis, 140 die Januarii, 130 Car. Regis.

Prayers.

A Bill for Additions to the Act concerning the Court of Assurance, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved,

Journals of the House of Commons.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the same be committed to Mr. Smith, Sir Allan Mr.

Mr. William Sandys, Mr. CSir 'Thomas Sir

Clifford Clifton, Sir Robert Atk, Mr. William

Mr. Chetwind, Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. Mr. Goodrich,

Mr. Knight, Sir Thomas GoreMr. Anthony , Mr.

Rigby, Mr. Jolliffe, Sir Richard Mr.

Mr. Kirkby, Sir Anthony IrbySir William Mr.

Streets, Mr. Henry Coventry, Mr. Jones, Sir fton, Sir Lancelot Lake, Mr. , Attorney of the Duchy, Sir Richard Ford, Sir Henry

wcrth, Mr. Churchill, Colonel Sir Solomon Swale,

Sir Philip Musgrave, Colonel Gilby, Mr. Orme, Sir Ford, Sir Robert Holt, Mr. 5/>ry, Sir And

all the Merchants that are Members of this House are to have Voices at the said Committee: And they are to meet on Thursday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for regulating Hackney-Coaches is committed, be revived; and fit on Thursday next, in the Afternoon, at the Place formerly appointed.

A Bill for the Regulating, Employing, and Providing for the Poor, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read again the Second time, on Thursday next.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Thomas Bennett and Sir Toby Woolrich, Two of the Mailers of Chancery;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to return a Bill to you, to enable Anthony Ettrick to fell Lands to pay his Debts, with some small Amendments: To which they desire your Concurrence: And have sent you Two other Bills; viz. One for naturalizing Philadelphia,

Wife of the Right Honourable Thomas Lord Wentworth and the other, for discharging the Manor of and other Manors in Devon, from a Trull of One hundred and Fifty Years, unto the Earls of Exeter, Bridge-water, and Bullingbrooke: Whereto they likewise desire your Concurrence: And do also desire this House to expedite the Bill against melting down Silver.

; An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, against the melting down the Silver Coin of this Realm, was this . Day read the First time.

ResolvedfThax the same be read again the Second time.

Amendments, reported to the Bill for repairing and maintaining the Highways, were this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That these Amendments be read again the Second time, and taken into Debate, on Friday next. , That, before the Second Reading of these Amendments, the Bill for the Highways, in and near the Cities of London and Westminster, be called for; and read.

And then the House resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the Debate of the Militia , and to take into Consideration such Proposals as should be offered, for preventing of present Dangers, and securing the Peace of the Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins took the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins left the Chair: And

Mr. Speaker again took the Chair: And

Sir Robert Atkins made Report, That the Committee had made some Progress in the said Debate; and desired the House might again resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to resume the said Debate on Friday next; and to proceed upon the Bill for the Militia.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the House do again resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Friday next, to resume the said Debate.

Resolved, upon the Question, That all Committees, that should have fat this Afternoon, be adjourned till

Thursday next* at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon j. and do then fit in the Places formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning at Eight of the Clock.

Jovis, 16' die Januarii, 130 Regis.

Prayers.

QRdered, That the Name of Charlotte Boyle, Daughter1 to Francis Lord Viscount Shannon, Brother to the Earl of Corke, born at Paris in France Richard , Son to the said Lord Viscount Shannon, born at in France -, Walbrough Howard, Wife to Thomas Howard, Brother to the Earl of Suffolke Charles Howard and William' Howard, Sons to the said Thomas Howard, born at the Hague in Holland-, be inserted into the Bill for Naturalization.

A Bill for the constituting Corporations in the Cities, Boroughs, and Market-Towns, in the Kingdom of England, and Dominion of Wales, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor; and for the Preventing of Poor, by the Settling of them; and for the better Executing of the Laws against Rogues and Vagabonds; was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read again the Second time' Tomorrow Morning, after the other Bill for the Poor of the Cities of London, Westminster, and Borough of Sotith-werke, is read.

Ordered, That the Name of Mary Russell, Wife of Thomas Russell, be inserted into the Bill for Naturalization.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for Executing certain Persons attainted of H igh-Treason. is committed, be revived: And that Mr. be added

to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Bill for Silk-throwers be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be returned to Mr. Dean Ryve and Dr. Bolton, for the Sermons by them preached Yesterday, before this Eloufe, at 67. Margaret's, Church, Westminster: And that they be desired

to print their Sermons: And Serjeant Charleton is desired to return Thanks to Dean Ryve-, and Sir Charles Harbord, to Dr. Bolton.

A Petition of poor Captives, taken and kept in Slavery by the Pirates of Algiers and was this Day read.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition, as to the Arrears and Discoveries of Monies received upon the Accompr, and for Relief of the said Captives, be referred ,...to the Committee which is appointed to take the Accompt of the Monies in Arrear upon the Poll- Bill; and the other Monies raised for paying off and discharging the Army; to examine, and make Report to "this House, . touching the fame: And they are to fit de die in diem: ' And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Leave be given for the Bringing in a Bill, for Provision and Relief of such maimed and wounded Soldiers, as have served his late or now King's Majesty, by enlarging the Powers given by the Act of 43° to impose Two Shillings and Six-pence, instead of Ten-pence, a Month.

A Bill for the better Settling and Performing of the charitable Gifts given by John Gitefi, late of Abraham in the County of Lancaster, Yeoman, to the Poor of several Parishes within the said County, was this Day read the First rime.

Resolved, That the same be read again the Second time on Monday next.

4 s The

The House, according to former Order, did resume the further Hearing and Debate of the Cause, concerning the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level.

And the Parties, with their Counsel, being called in to the Bar; and heard

Resolved, That the Bill on the Behalf of the Earl of

Bedford, Lord Gorge, Mr. Chichcley, and other the Adventurers concerned in that Bill, as to the Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, be re-committed to the Committee to which it was referred.

Resolved, That Tuesday Morning next be appointed for the further Hearing of the Counsel of Colonel and Sir William Tirringham, in what they have more to offer, in relation to their Claim and Title to any Lands contained in the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level.

Mr. Secretary Morrice reports. That, in Obedience to the Commands of this House, he, and the other Members of this House, who were of his Majesty's Privy Council, did remind his Majesty, to remand Lambert and Vane, and also Waller, and the other Persons attainted of High-Treason, who were lent away: And that his Majesty graciously received the Message, and would take present Care about it: And, that his Majesty having, to gratify this House, enlarged the Time for accepting the late Coin in Payments to his Majesty, from the First of March till the First of May -, and was informed, by several Officers of his Exchequer and Mint, that it would be a great Loss and Prejudice, and very mischievous, to his Majesty; and of Advantage only to lbme private Persons, who had ingrossed and bought up the said Coin and therefore was advised to recall his Proclamation j and to confine the making passable of the said Coin, in Payments to his Majesty, to the First of March only: And, though it was much his Majesty's Interest so to do; yet he would not do the fame, till he had advised with this House therein.

Resolved, That the humble Thanks of this House be returned to his Majesty, by Mr. Secretary , for

his Majesty's gracious Message- by him communicated to this House: And that he do acquaint his Majesty,‘That this House, being fully satisfied with the Reasons for. Reducing the Time of accepting the late Coin in Payment to his Majesty, doth acquiefee in his Majesty's Resolution; and do wholly leave it to his Majesty's Pleasure, to do as he thinks fit, in reducing the lame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning at Eight of the Clock.

Veneris, iff die Jamiarii) 13 Regis.

Prayers.

f\ Rdered, That Mr. Speaker do fend his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to issue out a Writ for a new Election of a Burgess for Newport in in

the room of Sir Francis Drake, deceased.

Ordered, That the Eill concerning the settling Differences between the Participants of Hatfield Chace, and Parts adjacent, extending into the Counties of coln, and Nottingham , and the Inhabitants of and Westftockwith, in the county of ; be read

the first Bill Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for preventing of Frauds and Deceits in making of Gold and Silver Lace, and other Manufactures, usually made of Gold, Silver, and Copper Ingots, to be dil-grossed for that Purpose; and for setting up and erecting an Office, whereunto all Gold, Silver, and Copper Ingots, to be difgrofled for making of the said Manufactures, are to be brought j was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read again the Second time «n This-day-sevennight.

'4

Another Bill for regulating the Trade of Silk-throwing was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read again the Second time on This-day-sevennight.

A Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, and the Punishment of Vagrants, and other disorderly Persons, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Liberties thereof, and the Bills of Mortality, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, That the same be committed to Mr. Ashburnham, Mr. John Jones, Sir Lancelot Lake, Mr. William Sandys, Sir William Lowther, Mr. Long, Sir John Talbott. Sir Robert Atkins, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Pryn, Serjeant

ton. Sir Theop. Biddulph, Sir Philip Master of the

Rolls, Mr. Attorney of the Duchy, Mr. William,

Sir Richard Ford, Sir Richard Sir Anthony Irby,

Mr. Smith, Mr. Torke, Sir Henry North, Sir Thomas Wid-

drington. Sir John Duncombe, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir John Maynard, Sir Edward Maffey, Serjeant Keeling, Mr. Birch, Mr. Musgrave, Mr. Sollicitor-General, Mr. Henry Coventry, Sir Thomas Bludworth, Sir John Goodricke, Mr. Bunckley, Sir William Fleetwood, Sir Adrian Scroope, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir John Brampfton, Mr. Sir

Brooke, Sir Allan Broderick, Mr. Mr. Chetwind,

Mr. Churchill, Colonel Windham, Sir Clement Mr. Newton, alias Puckering, Mr. Knight, Sir Thomas Tomkins, Colonel Gil by, Mr. Crouch, Sir Thomas Littleton, Sir John Denham, Sir John Shaw, Sir Thomas Allen, Sir Edward Moseley, Sir John Holland, Mr. Jollife, Mr. Gawd/, Sir Allan Apfley, Sir Thomas Leigh, Mr. Clifford, Sir Thomas Lee, Colonel Kirkby, Mr. Comptroller, Sir Henry Puckering, alias Newton, Mr. Goodrich, Colonel Fretchvile, Sir Ralph Hare, Sir William: And

they are to meet, in the Exchequer-Chamber, Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to fond for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all other the Members of this House, who shall come to the said Committee, are to have Voices thereat.

Serjeant Char let on reports, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of Richmond in the County of Yorke, That it appeared to them, that Dr. Craddock was in Holy Orders; and that Mr. Wandesford had the Majority of Voices present at the Election: And the Opinion of the Committee, That Dr. Craddock was uncapable of being elected a Burgess for the Borough; and that Mr. Wandesford was duly elected, and ought to fit as Burgess for the said Borough of Richmond.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That Dr. Craddock was a Person uncapable to be elected, and his Election void: And that Mr. Wandesford was duly elected a Burgess for the said Borough of Richmond, and ought to fit in this House: And that the Clerk of the Crown, or his Deputy, do attend this House with the Return; and do erase out the Name of Dr. Craddock, andinfert the Name of Mr. Wandesford.

Which was, the next Day, done at the Clerk's Table.

Upon Report made to this House by Sir Edmund Peirfe, from the Committee to which the Bill for executing the Persons attainted for the Murder of his late Majesty is referred. That they had an Information from one # Smith, that one Daybone was an Ador in the said horrid Murder, as he did gather from some Discourse had with his Wife; and that one was also an

Ador therein

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do cause the said Daybene and his Wife, and Bickerfiaffe, to be forthwith apprehended, and taken into Custody: And that the said Committee have Power to examine the Matter objected against them; and to fend for and examine any other Persons, that they shall have Information of, to have been Actors in the horrid Murder of his late Majesty.

Resolved,

I? Car. It

Journals of the House of Commons.

Resolved, That this House do resolve. itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed upon the Bill of the Militia; and the said Bill be there read over, add proceeded in.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Sollicitor-General took the Chair.

Mr. Speaker again took the Chair: And

Mr. Sollicitor - General made Report to the House* That the Committee had read over the said Bill; and made a good Progress therein; and desired that the House would resolve itself again into a Committee on Monday next, to resume the further Debate of the said Bill.

Resolved, upon the Question, That this House will again resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Monday next, to resume the Debate of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Committee for the Captives of Algiers and Tunis do meet, on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber; and then adjourn to another Day.

Ordered, That the Name of Mrs. Mary Wife

of Mr. Edward Winter, and Daughter of Mr. William Potter, born in the East-Indiesbe inserted into the Bill for Naturalization.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning at Eight of the Clock.

Sabbati, 18° die Januarii, 130 Regis.

MRS. Mary Russell, Wife of Russell, born at Hamborough, did this Day take the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, in order to her Naturalization.

A Bill for settling the Matter of Brokage, and lending Money upon Pawns, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read the Second time on Tuesday next.

Upon Information to this House, that Mr. Broome Whorwood, being in London about fbme necessary Occasions on Wednesday, and being in his Return home, was

seized, assaulted, and detained, and much affronted and abused, by one William Holmes, a pretended Constable, after he had Information, that the said Mr. Whorwood was a Member of this House;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do apprehend, and take into Custody, the said Wm. Holms; to answer his Misdemeanor, and Breach of Privilege, in seizing and detaining the said Mr. Whor-wood, and his rude and uncivil Carriage used towards him, in Contempt of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, That the Bill, sent from the Lords, concerning

Stodgcombe, be read on Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Petition brought in by Sir Charles Huffey be read on Thursday next, and left in the mean time with the Clerk of this House, for such as are concerned to peruse.

A Bill, for the constituting Corporations in the Cities, Boroughs, and Market Towns in the Kingdom of and Dominion of Wales, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor; and for the Preventing of Poor by the Settling of them; and for the better Execution of the Laws against Rogues and Vagabonds; was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, That this Bill be committed to the same Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Relief and Emr ployment of the Poor, and the Punishment of Vagrants, and other disorderly Persons, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Liberties thereof, and the Bills

of Mortality, is committed: Who are to incorporate this Bill into the other, if they shall find Cause; and to supply

Shy Defect in the former Laws relating to the Particulars in these Bills.

A Bill for preventing Frauds and Abuses to his Majesty, in relation to his Duties of Customs, waS this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read the SectJnd time 6rt Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee hereafter named, to take into Consideration such Reasons and Proposals as shall be offered to them, for raising and improving the Duty of Excise at the Establishment it is now ' at; and to make Report of it to this House: Viz. Lord Richardson, Sir John Buncombe, Mr. Gawdy, Sir Allan Broderick, Sir William LowtherMr. Jay, Mr. Milwardy Mr. Clifford, Sir Charles Huffey, Mr. , Mr.

Sir Anthony Irby; or any Five or more of them: And they are to meet, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That, oh Wednesday next, the Reports from the several Counties, as to the present Revenue of the Excise, such as are ready, shall be received: And they are to be delivered in Writing.

Ordered, That Sir Chichester , Sit Roger fhaigh, Serjeant Keeling, Lord Buckhurst, Sir Edmund Pearfe, Mr. Clarke, Colonel KMr. Scudamore, Mr. Newton, Sir Thomas Tompkins, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for Naturalization is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Skelton be inserted into the Bill for Naturalization.

Ordered, That Mr. Peter Lely be inserted into the Bill for Naturalization.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning at Eight of the Clock.

Lunce, 20° die Januarii, 130 Car. Regis IP*.

Prayers.

ffRdered, That it be referred to the Committee appointed to examine the publick printed Acts, and compare them with the Roll, and to examine the Rolls of other publick Acts, and to see that the fame, and the Clauses and Provisoes therein, do cohere; to take into Consideration allb the Inconveniences complained of to be occasioned by his Majesty's Printer, in causing all the publick Acts to be bound up together, lb as no Member of this House, or any other Person, can have any one erf them for their own Satisfaction, but they must be at the Charge of the Whole; and also to take into Consideration such Expedients as they shall find necessary for publick Acts of Parliament, to be published and proclaimed according to ancient Ule; that all Parties concerned may . have Notice, and give Obedience to them; and to make Report thereof to this House.

Resolved, That the Committee appointed to call before them Mr. Philip Nye, according to an Order of this House of the Seventh of this Month, shall have Power also to call before them any other Persons besides the said Nye\ and to require and receive from them all Presentations to any Ecclesiastkal Benefices and Promotions, made in the Time of the late usurped Powers; and all such Books and Registers, which they, or any of them, have in their Custody, or can come by, of any Entries of Admissions, Institutions, and Inductions thereupon.

Ordered, That the Petition of Christopher Barry, and others, of the County of Onon, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Upon Information to this House, that upon

a Supposition, that he was the Person, that, as Attorney for one Richard Gifford, had obtained Judgment, ana

taken

taken out Execution, against Sir Wm. Fleetwood, one of the Members of this House, was, according to the Order of this House of the Seventeenth of December last, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, to answer his Breach of Privilege in that Point: Whereas it now appears, that one Samuel Holmes was the Person guilty of the said Breach of Privilege:

Resolved, That the said Ferrers be discharged of his Commitment, without Fees: And that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, or his Deputy, do apprehend, and take into Custody, the said Samuel Holmes; to answer his Breach of Privilege: And all Proceedings upon the said Judgment are stayed, according to the said former Order*

A Bill for settling a Corporation, concerning certain Fens and low Grounds in the County of , was this

Day read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read the Second time on This-day-sevennight.

Upon Information, that one Robert Sherborne had caused Declarations at Law to be delivered, by one George no!d, an Attorney to the Tenants of certain Lands, conveyed by Sir Edward Mamfeild to the Lord. Ancram, a Member of this House, in Trust, thereby jo try the Title of the said Lands; although he knew the Lord Ancram to be a Member of this House, before such Declarations were delivered;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, or his Deputy, do apprehend, and take into Custody, the said Robert Sherbome; to answer his Breach of Privilege, i? causing the said Declarations to be delivered to the Tenants of the Lord Ancram, although he knew his Lordship to be a Member of this House.

Serjeant Charleton made Report, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for Bearealflon, That one Elize Crymes having petitioned against the Election of Mr. Haward, returned a Burgess for the said Borough, had failed to attend to make good his Petition, though several Days were appointed for the Hearing thereof; and the Opinion of the Committee, That the said Mr. Howard's Election ought to remain unquestionable -, and that the Petition of the said Elize G^flw'should be dismissed.

Resolved, upon the Question, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the said Mr. Hayward's Election, as Burgess for the said Borough of Bearealflon, be it further questioned; and that the Petition of the said Elize Crymes be dismissed.

And this House being informed by Colonel Robinson, Mr. Spry, and Mr. Rafhley, Three of the Members of this House, That Mr. Haward, being now absent upon urgent Occasions, had desired them to acquaint this House, in case they agreed with the Committee, That he, being elected a Burgess also for Faveflock, was contented to wave his Election as to Bearealflon, and to serve for Faveflocke;

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do forthwith make a Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, for the issuing of a new Writ for the Choice of a new Burgess for

in the Place of the said Mr. H

This House resumed the Business upon the Order of the Thirteenth of this Month, for reading the Bill the Third time, sent from the Lords, to make void certain Fines unduly procured to be levied by Sir Edward Powell and his Lady.

And, upon reading of a Petition of Challonor Chute Esquire, who claims as a Purchaser from Mr. Levingflon, and his Wife, under the said Fines; and after long Debate of the Matter;

It was Resolved, upon the Question, That Friday next be peremptorily appointed for Mr. Levingflon, and Mr. Chute, and Mr. Skinner, and such others as claim as Purchasers

under Mr. Levingflon, or are concerned; to bring in their Witnesses, anti be heard upon the whole Matter, what they

have to offer against the Passing of the Bill, to make void the said Fines: And that the Lady Crocke, and the other Coheirs of Sir Peter Vanlore, shall have Liberty at the same time to bring in their Witnesses, and to have their Counsel heard to make their Reply; and the House thereupon to proceed to the Determination of the Caul'e.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary Mortice, Mr.

Mr. Southcott , Mr. Samuel FrMr. Robinson, and

Mr. Rafhley, be added to the Committee for the Captives of Algiers and Funis.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning at Eight of the Clock.

Martis, 210 die Janua'rii, 130 Car. Regis.

Prayers.

JOE ter Lely, in order to his Naturalization, did this Day * take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy.

A Bill for the final Settling of all Differences between the Participants of the improved Lands, within the Level of Hatfeila Chace, and Parts adjacent, -extending into the Counties of York, Lincolne, and Nottingham, was this Day read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be laid aside for the present, fine die.

A Bill for Sale of Sir Robert Slingsly deceased his Lands, for Payment of his Debts, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, That the same be committed to Sir Thomas Strickland, Mr. Crouch, Mr: Rigby, Mr. Sir

Smith, Sir William Lowther, Mr. Sir Charles

bord. Sir Lancelot Lake, Sir F Mr. Goodrich,

Sir Thomas Littleton, Sir Solomon Swale, Lord Mr. William Sandvs, Sir Ralph Banks, Mr. Sir

Thomas Lee, Mr. Long, Sir Benjamin Aylcffe, Colonel Windham, Sir Thomas Allen, Sir Thomas Leigh, Colonel Phillips, Colonel Sandys, Sir Fho. Fanfljaw, Sir John Downey, Mr. Knight, Mr. Whitley, Sir Richard Sir Philip Musgrave, Sir Thomas Sir John

Norton, Mr. Attorney of the Duchy, Mr. Scott, Mr. Fayler, Sir Anthony Irby, S'wChristopherWrey, Mr. Walter Strickland, Sir Wm. Compton, Mr. Chicheley, Sir Henry Widdrington, Sir John Goodrich, Mr. Churchill, Sir Thomas Fompkitis, Sir John Brampflon, Sir Henry Newton, Mr. Westphalin, Colonel Kirkby, Mr. Eyre, Colonel Robinson,

Mr. Newton, Sir Gilbert Gerrord, Mr. Mr. Reames,

Sir John Anderson, Mr. Grey, Mr. Sir Thomas

Peyton, Sir John Falbott, Sir Thomas Wendy, Sir Richard Franklyn, Mr. Orme, Mr. Musgrave; and all the Members of this House that serve for Hartfordshire: And they are to meet, in the Speaker's Chamber, Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to fend for all Persons concerned, Papers, and Records: And to examine the Suggestions of the Bill; and report what they think fit to the House.

Mr. Smith reports, from the Committee, to which the Bill for the Disuniting the Hundreds of Dudson and Barton, from the County of the City of Gloucester, and restoring it to be Part of the County of Gloucester, was committed, several Amendments to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Which said Amendments, being severally twice read, were, upon the Question, agreed unto.

Resolved, That this Bill, with the Amendments reported and agreed to, be ingross'cd.

The House resumed the Petition of Christopher Barry, and others, of the County of Oxon, into Consideration: And

It was Resolved, upon the Question, That a Committee be appointed of the Persons following; viz. Sir

Robert

Robert Atkins, Sir John MaynardSerjeant Serjeant Keeling, Sir Brampston, Sir James , Mr.

Pry#, Mr. Vaughan, Sir William Six Anthony

Irby, Sir William Lewis: Who are to take the Petition, and same of the Petitioners, into Consideration; and to consider of some Expedients for their Relief; and to fend for the Parties concerned; and accommodate the Difference, if they can; or otherwise report the same to this House: And they are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, That the Business of Colonel Sandys and Sir Wm. Tirringham be adjourned, and taken into Consideration on Saturday next; the Time not now serving to hear

the fame: Whereof all Parties concerned are to take notice.'

Sir Edmond Peirfe reports, from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Executing of certain Persons attainted of High Treason was committed, several Amendments to the hud Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place j and after, delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Which said Amendments, being severally twice read, were, upon the Question, agreed unto.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the Name of John Downes be struck out of the Bill for executing certain Persons attainted of High Treason.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the Name of George Fleetwood be struck out of the Bill for Executing of certain Persons attainted of High Treason.

Both which Names were struck out of the Bill, accordingly.

The Question being put, That the Name of William Heveningham be struck out of the Bill for the Executing of certain Persons attainted of High Treason;

It passed in the Negative.

A Petition of Hen. Smithy one of the said Persons attainted, was read:

And the Question put. That the Bill for Executing of certain Persons attainted of High Treason, with the Amendments so agreed to, be ingrossed:

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning at Eight of the Clock.

Mercurii, 2 2° die Januar 130 Regis.

AN Amendment, sent from the Lords, to an ingrossed Bill, sent from this House, to enable Anthony Etrick to fell Lands for Payment of Debts, was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

Resolved, That the said Amendments be inserted and made Part of the Bill.

A Bill for discharging the Manor of Stodgfcomby and other Manors, in Devon, from a Trust of One hundred and Fifty Years, unto the Earls of,

and Bullingbrooke, was this Day read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time, on Monday next.

Ordered, That the Bill against stealing Children be read Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, for the Establishment of the Level of Fen Lands, formerly drained by Sir Anthony Thomas, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, That this Bill be committed to the same Committee, to which the Bills concerning Level, and

other the Levels of the Fens in are committed: And they are to take into Consideration the Petitions already brought in *, and such other Petitions as shall be tendered to them by any Persons concerned in the Fens

in Question j and to summon and hear all Persons concerned, and give them convenient Time to come in: Aijd all the Members of this House that shall come (except such as are concerned in point of Interest in this Level) are to have Voices at the said Committee, according to the former Orders made, touching Lindsey Level, and other the Fens in Lincolnshire: And it is referred to the said Committee, to consider of the Matter of Breach of the Privilege of this House, objected to be in this Bill sent from the Lords, in laying a Tax on the People, and naming Members of this House to be Commissioners in the Bill} and to make Report to this House.

Otdered, That the Bill for preventing Frauds and Abiifes in the Customs be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Petition of divers Mercers and Drapers* Within the County of Warwick, and City and County of Coventry, be referred to the same Committee, to which the Bill concerning Aulnage is committed 5 to take the said Petition, and same of the Petitioners* into their Consideration.

Ordered, That the Matter upon the Amendments reported to the Bill of Highways, and the other Bill for repairing and maintaining the Highways, in and near the Cities of London and Westminster, and Parts adjacent, be

resumed into Consideration on Monday Morning next.

A Bill for indemnifying such as have been Collectors-of publick Monies was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be read the Second time, Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the Debate of the Bill for the Militia , and to take into Consideration such Proposals as should be offered for preventing of present Dangers, and securing the Peace of the Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Sollicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

And Mr. Speaker again took the Chair.

And Mr. Sollicitor-Ger.eral made Report* That the Committee of the whole HoUfe had made some Progress in the said Bill; anddefired, that the House might again resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Saturday next, to resume the further Debate of the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House do again resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Saturday next, at Ten of the Clock, to resume the further Debate of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning at Eight of the Clock.

Jovis, 230 die JaHuarii, it? Car. Regis.

c^fOhn Colladon Doctor in Physick, Samuel Renant, and J George Kreavett, in order to their Naturalization, did this Day take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That their Names be inserted into the Bill: And that the Committee be revived and do fit.

A Bill for indemnifying such as have been Collectors of publick Monies was this Day read the Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Milward, Mr. Street, Mr. Smith, Sir Anthony Irby, Mr. Attorney of the Duchy, Sir William Lowther, Sir Solomon Swale, do withdraw, and amend the Bill, as to the Matter now in Debate upon the said Bill , and report it to the House.

And they having accordingly withdrawn;

Mr. Vaughan reported from them several Amendments 4 T to

U)Q£I£

Journals of the House of Commons. 1661.

to the said Bill: Which, being severally twice read, were, l^pon the Question, agreed unto.

Resolved, That the said Bill, with the said Amendments, so agreed unto, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Report concerning Mr. James Phillips be made on Monday Morning.

Mr. Street reported, from the Committee, to whom the additional Bill concerning Matters of Assurance, used amongst Merchants, was committed, several Amendments to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Which said Amendments being severally twice read,

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said Amendments.

Resolved, That the said Bill, with the said Amendments,' so agreed unto, be ingrossed.

Mr. Milzuard reported, from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling Rowland Okeover Esquire to fell Lands in the County of Derby was committed, several Amendments to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said Amendments.

Resolved, That the said Bill, with the said Amendments, so agreed unto, to be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill, for the Naturalization of Philadelphia, Wife of the Right Honourable Thomas Lord Wentworth, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That the same be read again the Second time. Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for confirming an Act for restoring unto James Marquis of Ormond, all his Honour, Manors, Lands, and Tenements in Ireland, whereof he was in Possession on the Three-and-twentieth of October 1641, or at any timefence; and Three other Acts was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, That the same be ingrossed.

A Bill for confirming Three several Acts, therein mentioned, which passed in the last Assembly, was this Day read the Second time , and, upon the Question, committed to Mr. Crouch, Sir Thomas Meres, Sir Anth. Irby, Mr. Attorney of the Duchy, Mr. Torke Dr. Birkenhead, Sir Thomas Wendy, Mr. Knight, Mr. Pryn, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir William Lowiher, Dr. Burwell, Sir Clifford Clifton: And they, or any Four or more of them, are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber, on Saturday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, That an humble Address be made to the King's Majesty, to fend Instructions from his Majesty, and his Council, to the Justices of the Peace in the several Counties, to inform themselves what Corn is in Store, and to take such Course as they shall conceive to be most effectual, that Corn be not ingrossed, and hoarded up; but that it be brought in, and exposed to Sale, in the publick Markets, at the Measures and Weights allowed by the Standard, for Supply of the Poor , who are at this time put to great Distress and Extremities for the want of Corn; and also to see the Laws against Retalers and Ingrossers put in Execution: And such of the Members of this House as are of his Majesty's Privy Council, are desired to attend his Majesty with this Message.

Sir Tho. Meres reports. That Dr. Creighton Dean of Wells, having been for some time indisposed in his Health, is uncapable to preachbefore this House, on the Thirtieth of this present January, but that he desireth some other Opportunity to express his Zeal and Affection to serve this Honourable House.

Resolved, That Doctor Hardy Dean of Rochester be desired to preach before this House, in St. Margaret's Church Westminster, upon the Thirtieth Day of this present January: And that Sir Thomas Meres give him Notice hereof.

Resolved, That the ingrafted Bill, for executing the Persons attainted of High Treason, be read the Third time, on Saturday next, at Eleven of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Name of Margaret Uloofwick, Daughter of Cornelius Uloofwick, Lord of Uloofwick, Diemerbrook, and Papencop; and of Anna Vanhoven; be inserted into the Bill of Naturalization, now depending with the Committee.

Resolved, That Mr. Speaker do issue a Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Writ for a new Election of a Citizen for the City of Hereford, in the Place of Sir Henry Lingen, that is lately dead.

Ordered, That the Petition brought in by Sir Charles Huffeybe read Tomorrow Morning, the first Business.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the Members of each County do make their Returns, touching the Excise of Beer and Ale, on Tuesday next.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the Members of this House, who serve for the Cities of London and Westminster, the County of Middlesex, and the Borough of Southwerke, do, on Tuesday next, bring in the Number of all the Inn-keepers, V idtuallers, and Cooks, who keep Shops; Chandlers that fell Beer and Ale, and other AJe-housekeepers, and Sellers of Coffee, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Borough of,

and all other the Places widish the Bills of Mortality.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning at Eight of the Clock.

Veneris, 240 die 'Januarii, 1 30 Car. Regis.

Prayers.

ORdered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Writ, for Election of a Burgess to serve for the Town of Malmesbury in the County of Wilts, in the Place of Mr. Laurence Washington, lately dead.

Ordered, That Colonel Robinson be added to the Committee of Privileges.

A Bill for Relief of such maimed Officers and Soldiers, and others, who are in Want, that have faithfully served his Majesty, and his Father, of blessed Memory, in the Wars, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read the Second time, on Monday next.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, for dividing the Two Hundreds of Dudjlcn and King's-Barton from the County of the City of Gloucester, and annexing of it to the County of Glocester, be read Tomorrow Morning the first Bill.

Ordered, That John Tiffer, Michael Mohun, be sent for, in Custody of die Serjeant at Arms; to answer their Breach of Privilege, in causing Sir Henry Herbert, a Member of this House, to be served with Process of Subpoena out of the High Court of Chancery.

The House resumed the further Hearing of the Cause upon the ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, to make void certain Fines unduly obtained to be levied by Sir Edward Powell, and his Lady , which, by Order of the Twentieth of this Month, was appointed for this Day.

And

And the several Parties concerned, and their Counsel, and W itnesses, being called in to the Bar of this House; after Examination of all Witnesses, which either Party could produce; and full Hearing of the Evidence, and Counsel, on all Parts *,

Resolved, upon the Question, That the Bill, sent from the Lords, to make void Fines unduly obtained to be levied by Sir Edward Powell, and his Lady, be read die Third time, on Tuesday next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning at Eight of the Clock.

Sabbati, 250 die 'Janu.ariiy 130

Rdered, That all the Members of this House that come to the Committee, to which the Business touching the Captives of Algiers and Tunis is referred, shall have Voices at the Committee.

Mr. Comptroller reports, from his Majesty, touching the Addrtfs sent from this House to his Majesty, for give-ing Instructions from his Majesty, and the Council, for Supply of the Poor with Corn, by exposing it to Sale in publick Markets, That his Majesty received the Message very graciously; and had given Direction for a Proclamation, and Instructions, to issue accordingly.

Serjeant Charleton reports, from the Committee of Elections, touching the Election for , between Sir

Henry Cognizby and Doctor ArrThat the Question was,

Whether the Almsmen had Voices*, and that it was testified, They had had Voices Time out of Mind: And that the Committee was of Opinion, that they ought to have Voices*, and that Doctor Arras was duly elected as a Burgess for St. Albans, and ought to fit.

Resolved, upon the Question, That this House do agree ;n Opinion with the Committee: And that Dr. Arras was duly elected a Burgess for the said Borough of St. and ought to fit in this House.

Ordered, That the ingossed Bill, for dividing the Two Hundreds of Dudfton and Kings-, from the County of the City of Gloucester, and annexing them to the County of Gloucester, be read on Monday Morning next, the first

Business.

The Business concerning Colonel Sandys and Sir Wm. Tirringham being, by Order of the One-and-twentieth of this Month, adjourned to this Day *,

The Parties, with their Counsel, being called in; and several Deeds and Evidences read; and Counsel on both Sides fully heard, as to the Title of Colonel Sandys *,

And the House entering upon the Hearing of the Matter, as to the Claim of Sir Will 'Tirringham;

Resolved, That the further Hearing of this Cause, in relation to the Claim and Title of Sir William,

be adjourned until This-day-sevennight; and then taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill on the Behalf of the Earl of Bedfo, the Lord , Mr.

Chicheley, and other Adventurers therein named, as to the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Levels was committed; and, by Order of the Sixteenth of this Month, re-committed; do meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Exchequer-Chamber.

Ordered, That the ingossed Bill, for the Executing of certain Persons attainted of High Treason, be read the Third time on Monday next.

Ordered, That such of the Persons who are, by Act of this Parliament, to be carried on Sleds from the Tower of London to Tyborne; and are now in the Custody of the

35»

Serjeant at Arms attending this House; be by him delivered over at the Tower this Night, into the Custody of the Lieutenant of the Tower.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning at Eight of the Clock.

Luna, 2 70 die yanuariiy 130

Prayers.

UPON reading the humble Petition of John far;

Ordered, That all Proceedings, upon the Order for the Commitment of the said John Michael,

colas Burt, Charles Hart, Robert Shattered, William Cartwright, Walter Clunn, and William to the

Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, for a Breach of Privilege objected against them, in serving Sir Henry Herbert with Process of Subpoena out of the Court of Chancery, be flayed: And that it be referred to the Committee of Privileges, to take the Petition into Consideration; and to examine the Matter, and report it to the House: And the Persons before-named are upon Summons to attend the Committee: And, upon their Report, such further Order shall be taken as shall be just.

Ordered, That the Bill *.'

An ingossed Bill, for dividing the Two Hundreds of Dudfton and Kings-Barton from the County of the City of Gloucester, and annexing them to the County of Gloucester, was this Day read the Third time.

A Provilb, tendered to be added to the said Bill, was this Day thrice read.

Resolved, That the said Proviso be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Proviso agreed to, do pass.

Resolved, That the Title of the Bill shall he, A Bill for dividing the Two Hundreds of Dudfton and Kings-Barton from the County of the City of Gloucester, and annexing them to the County of Gloucester.

And Mr. Smith is to carry up this Bill; and the Bill for indemnifying of such as have been Collectors of publick Monies; and the Bill to enable Anthony Ettrick to fell Lands for Payment of his Debts.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms do repair into the Hall with the Mace, and summon all the Members of this House to attend.

Ordered, That the Names of Maurice Deladale, Page of his Majesty's Bed-chamber, be inserted into the Bill for Naturalization.

The ingossed Bill, for executing certain Persons attainted of High Treason, was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, That these Words, the said Act of free and general Pardon, Indemnity, and Oblivion, or any other Act, to the contrary notwithstanding," be struck out of the Bill.

Which was accordingly done at the Clerk's Table.

' Resolved, That the Names of Edmund Harvey, Hardreft Waller, and Robert Lilborne, be, for the present, left out of this Bill; for that they have not yet been heard before this House: But that a new Bill be brought in for their Execution.

And their Names were accordingly taken out of the Bill, at the Clerk's Table.

Resolved, That this Bill, for Execution of certain Persons attainted of High Treason, do pass.

Resolved, That the Title of the said Bill shall be, A Bill lor Execution of certain Persons attainted of High Treason.

And

Journals of the House of Commons. 1661.

And Mr. Smith is to carry up this Bill, with the rest, to the Lords.

And the House then adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Martis, 2 8° Januaru^ 130 Car.

Prayers.

A BILL, for discharging the Manors of

and Holwell, and other Lands in the County of Devon, from the Trust of One hundred and Fifty Years, made unto John Earl of ExeterJohn Earl of and Oliver Earl of Bullingbrooke (sent from the Lords), was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, That the same be committed to Mr.

Sir Anthony Irby, Mr. Buller, Sir Clifford Clifton, Sir Lewes, Mr. Clifford, Mr. Samuel T\ Mr.

land., Mr. Newton, S\r>Benjamin Mr. Bullen,

Mr. Attorney of the Duchy, Mr. Mr. , Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. WhitleySir Robert , Sir

Chichester Wrey, Sir Lancelot Sir ^iw.

Mr. Winston Churchill, Mr. Jonathan Trelawney, Sir

Charles Huffey, Mr. Knight, Mr. Smith, Mr. Speccott, Mr. G/ % , Sir Edm. Peirfe, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Clarke, Sir Solomon Swale, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Devon and Cornwall: And they are to meet, in the Speaker's Chamber, Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and to summon and hear all Parties concerned.

Ordered, That the Persons hereunder-named be added to the Committee, to whom the Bills for the constituting Corporations in the Cities, Boroughs,* and Market Towns in England and Wales, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in general; and within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Liberties thereof; and the Bills of Mortality; are committed , Sir Maurice Barclay, Sir John Goodrick, Mr. York, Sir Richard Bra-

ham, Sir John Brampfton, Sir Robert Brook, Mr. Knight, Sir Wm.Fleetwood, Lord Willoughby, Sir Benjamin Ayloff,

Mr. Rigby, Sir Lancelot Lake, Mr. Jonathan Mr. Whitley, Mr. Whorwood, Sir Thomas Allen, Sir Henry North, Mr. Goodrick, Browne, Sir John Shawe, Mr. Culliford, Sir Edm. Peirfe, Mr. Mallett, Sir John Duncomb, Lord Richardson, Mr. Long, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Samuel Trelawney, Mr. Eyre, Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. Kirkby, Mr. Clarke: And all the Members of this House, who shall come to the said Committee, are to have Voices thereat.

Ordered, That Daberon, that was sent for to the Committee, to which the Bill for Execution of certain Persons attainted of High Treason was committed, in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, be discharged, paying his Fees: And that James Bickerjlaffe, that was also sent for in Custody, but was only concerned as a Witness, be discharged, paying the Serjeant at Arms such Charges as he hath been put to, in fending for and keeping the said Bickerjlaffe in Custody.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Mondeford Brampfton and Sir Nathaniel Hobart *,

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have returned you a Bill for settling the Manor and Lands of Kemisford in Sir Henry Frederick Thin, and the Heirs of his Body; and the Manor of Buckland, and divers other Manors and Lands, in him, and the Heirs Males of his Body; withfome Amendments, to which they desire your Concurrence:

And another Bill, to enable Sir Anthony Browne to fell Lands to pay his Debts; to which they also desire your Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Amendments to Sir Henry Frederick Thynn's Bill be read Tomorrow Morning; and the other Bill on Friday next.

A Petition of the Lords, Owners, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants of the Twenty-two Towns within the

Soak of Bullingbrook, and of the Eight Towns of East Holland, having Common of Pasture in the East and West Fen in the County of Lincolne, was this Day read.

The Question being put, To have the Petition committed

The House was divided.

The Noes went out.

Lord Willoughby, C Tellers for the Yeas: 7 Sir Charles Huftey, \With the Yeas, J I2°"

Sir John Brampfton, ? Tellers for the Noes: 7 ,

Sir Benjamin Ayloff, \ With the Noes, j /

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put. That this Petition be referred to the Committee of Grievances;

It was Resolved, That it be referred to the Committee of Grievances, to take the said Petition into Consideration: And that the said Committee be revived; and do fit on their accustomed Day.

Ordered, That the Committee for Relief of such as have served his now Majesty, and his Father, be revived; and do meet, in the Speaker's Chamber, Tomorrow in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Committee concerning Sheriffs be revived; and do fit in the Exchequer-Chamber this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the Committee formerly appointed for the Inspection of the King's Revenue be joined to the Committee last appointed, to receive Pro-pofals touching the Advance of the Excise; and do examine the Books of Account touching the Excise and receive the Returns from the Members of this House upon the Letters sent into the several Counties; and also to receive such Proposals, as shall be made by any Persons in relation to the Excise; and to make Report thereof to the House, with all the Speed they can: And that they do meet, in the Exchequer-Chamber, this Afternoon, to inspect the Books of Accounts; and afterwards, from time to time, for the Purposes before directed: And it is particularly recommended to Mr. Milward, to take care of this Business; and to fee it expedited.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to desire them to give Dispatch to the Bill of Uniformity; and for confirming the Act for Ministers: And the Lord Falkland is to carry up this Message to the Lords.

Resolved, That for Three Weeks, from this Day, no private Business shall be taken into Consideration, or be. proceeded in, after Nine of the Clock, save only on Saturday next, which is hereby reserved for the Business of the Fens, already appointed for that Day.

the House did then resume the Cause upon the ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, to make void Fines unduly procured to be levied by Sir Edward Powell, and his Lady.

And an Order of the Four-and-twenricth of this Month being read, by which the Bill was appointed to be read this Day the Third time;

The ingrossed Bill, to make void Fines unduly procured to be levied by Sir Edward Powell, and his Lady, was accordingly read the Third time.

And, after a long Debate had upon it;

The Question being pur. Whether the Question for Candles to be brought in shall be now put;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the main Question being put. That Candles be brought in;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Sir Wm. Compton, f Tellers for the Yeas :7 Mr. Cotton, \ With the Yeas, J I27*

Mr. Sam. Trelawny, JTellers for the Noes:7 Mr. Chetwyn,\ With the Noes, j 95*

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative, That Candles be brought in.

And

A

And Candles being brought in;

The Question being put. That the further Debate of this Business upon the Bill to make void Fines unduly procured to be levied by Sir Edward Powell, and his Lady, be adjourned till Tomorrow, Nine of the Clock in the Morning;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Mr. Leg, f Tellers for the Noes: ")

Mr. Coventry,' \ With the Noes, j

Sir Tho. Meres, f Tellers for the Yeas: 7 -

Mr. Goodrich, \ With the Yeas, $ 5

And so it passed in the Negative.

A Proviso tendered on the Behalf of Mr. Chute.

The Question being put, Whether the Proviso tendered on the Behalf of Mr. Chute shall be read;

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, To make an Amendment, by adding the Words " and Commons," after the Word Lords ;"

Resolved, That an Amendment be made to the Bill, by adding the Words " and Commons," after the Word " Lords," in the Line of the *

Resolved, upon the Question, That this Bill, to make

void Fines unduly procured to be levied by Sir E

Powell, and his Lady, with the Amendment agreed to, d6 pals.

Resolved, That the Title of the Bill shall be

Upon Information given by several Members of this House, That Mr. Challoner Chute, being at the Door of this House, had spoken reproachful Words against the Honour and Justice, and in Breach of the Privilege, of this House;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do apprehend Mr. Chute, and bring him in Custody to the Bar of this House, to answer the Misdemea-nor and Breach of Privilege objected against him.

Ordered, That all Committees which were to fit this Afternoon, be adjourned; and do fitTo-morraw, at Two of the Clock, in the Places appointed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning at Eight of the Clock.

Mercurii, 290 die J, 130 Car.

Prayers.

f)Rdered, That Sir Gilbert Gerrard be added to the Committee of Privileges and Elections.

Ordered, That the Amendments reported to the Bill of Highways, in the Counties at large; and the other Bill, for repairing and maintaining the Highways in and near the Cities of London and Westminster, and Parts adjacent; be read on Friday Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir JuJtinian Lewen and Sir Toby Woolrich;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have returned you a Bill, for preventing the Mischiefs and Dangers that may arise by certain Persons called Quakers, and others, refilling to take lawful Oaths, with some Alterations and Amendments, and a Proviso to be added thereunto; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And the First Amendment, being in the Title of the Bill, after die Word " Quakers," and before the Word " refusing," leave out the Words " and others ;"

Which said Amendment being twice read;

Resolved, That this House doth disagree to the said Amendment, and adhere to the Tide of the Bill in this Particular.

The Second Amendment, being in the First Skin, the Second Line, after the Word " Quakers,'*, and before the Word " have," leave out the Words, " and other Names of Separation

Which said Amendment being twice read

5H

Resolved, That this House doth disagree to the said Amendment, and adhere to die Bill in this Particular.

The Third Amendment, being in the 19th Line of the First Skin, after the Word " Lords," and before the Word " and, " put in these Words " Spiritual and Temporal ;"

Which laid Amendment being twice read;

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said Amendment.

The Fourth Amendment, being in the 20th Line of the First Skin, after the Word " any," and before the Word Person," put in the Word " such

Which laid Amendment being twice read;

Resolved, That this House doth disagree to the said Amendment, and adhere to the Bill in that Particular.

The Fifth Amendment, being in thfe 21th Line of the First Skin, after the Word " the," and before the Word " Day, " leave out the Word " First;" and, instead ' thereof, put in " Four-and-twentiech

Which said Amendment being twice read;

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said Amendment,

The Sixth Amendment, being in the 22th Line of the First Skin, after the Word " of," and before the Word ' " in," leave out " September," and put in " March;" Which said Amendment being twice fead;

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said Amend* ment.

The Seventh Amendment, being in the 30th Line of the First Skin, after the Word " said," and before the Word " Day, " leave out " First, " and put in " Four-and-twentieth;" and, after the Word " of," leave out " September," and put in " March "

Which said Amendment being twice read;

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said Amend-'

ment.

The Eighth Amendment, being in the T wo-and-thirtieth Line of the First Skin, after the first.'- of," and before the first " or," put out-the Word " FiVe," apd put in the Word "Ten;" V.M

Which said Amendment bring twice read;

Resolved, That this House doth disagree to the said Amendment, and adhere to the Bill in that Particular.

' the Ninth Amendment, being in the Seven-and-thii tietft

Line of the First Skin, after die Word " King's," and before the Word " his," put out the Word " Highness,'^ and put in Majesty."

Which said Amendment being tvrice read;

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said Amendment.

And the Provilb being in these Words following; " Provided always, and be if Ordained and Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That all and Angular Lords of the Parliament, for any Offence committed against the Tenor of this Act, shall be tried by their Peers, and not otherwise the same was twice read:

Resolved, That the same be committed to Mf. Pryn, Sir Rob. Howard, Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. York, Sir John Shaw, Sir Edm. Pooley, Mr. Serjeant Charlton, Sir Robert Atkyns, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir John Mr. Steward, Mi;. Street, Mr. Ed. Smith, Mr. Sollicitor-General, Mr. Vaughan, Serjeant Keeling: And they, or any Four or more of them, are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber, on Friday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, to peruse the said Proviso; and to make Report to this House of thar Opinion touching the fame: And the Care of this Matter is especially recommended to Mr. Pryn.

A BUI, for preventing Frauds and Abuses to his Majesty in relation to the Customs, was this Day read the Second time.

' And a Proviso was tendered to be added to the said Bill: Which was as follows; viz. " Provided always, and be it F.nafted, That if any Person employed in or about his Majesty's Customs, shall demand or receive from any Merchant, Mariner, or other Person, any Sum of Money, but' what by Law is due; or shall delay any Person in his 4 U Dispatch,

Dispatch, so as to put him out of his Turn .'hr shall deny or delay to give or execute such Warrant, Coquet, or Certificate, as he ought to do; or shall, without just Cause, detain the Goods or Merchandize of any Person^ he or they shall forfeit and pay Damages, and

Costs to the Party grieved; to be recovered by Action of Debt, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record in this Kingdom.

Refolded.,upon the Question, That the said Bill, with the said Proviso added thereunto, be committed to Sir Phil. Warwick, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Secretary,

Mr. John Ashburnham, Mr. Edw. , Sir Sey-

mour, Mr. Fane, Mr. Phillips, Sir John Dunccmb, Sir John Nicholas, Mr. Nicholas, Sir Lowther, Mr. York, Sir John Goodrich, Sir Tho. Strickland, Mr. Hen. Coventry, Lord Bruce, Mr. Strickland, Sir Clem. Fisher, Sir John Holland, Serjeant Charlton, Mr. Knight, Mr.

Mr. Sam. Trelawney, Mr. Birch, Mr. Clifford, Mr. Rigby,

Sir Allen Broderick, Sir Rich. Ford, Mr. Vice-Chamberlain, Mr. Cofferer, Sir Clem. Throckmorton, Mr. Hen. thour. Lord Fanshaw, Mr. Phillips, Sir Lord

Cornbury, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Colonel Fretchvile,

Sir Wm.Fleetwood, Mr. Goodrick, Mr. Fra. Finch, Mr.

Tho. Coventry, Sir Clifford Clifton, Sir Rich. Franklyn, Sir Humph. Bennet, Sir Ralph Banks, Mr. Winston Churchill, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Anth. Irby, Mr. Jonathan Trelawney, Sir Allen Apjley, Mr. Kirkby, Mr. Sir

ering, alias Newton, Mr. Newton, Mr. Colonel

Windham, Colonel Sandys, Sir Tho. Tompkins, Lord Le de Spencer, Sir Rob. Holt, Dr. Birkinhead, Mr. Wren, Sir Ja. Smith, Mr. Spry, Mr. Cullifor d. Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Tho.

Chute,' Sir ChichejterWray, Sir John Shaw, Mr. Wandef-

ford, Mr. Bifcowen, Mr. John Churchill, Mr. Milward, Mr. Gilby, Mr. Mount ague. Sir Gilb. Gerrard, Mr. Or me, Mr. Garraway, Sir John Robinson, SuWm.Thompson, Mr. Jolliff, Mr. Broome Whorwood, Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. Morton, Mr. Windham, Mr. Wm. Sandys, Mr. Westphaling, Sir Courtney Poole, Lord AngiSir Cha. Mr.

Harbord, Sir Tho.Smith, Mr. Smyth, Sir Tho. Leigh, Mr. John Jones, Sir Tho. Gore, Mr. Whittaker, Mr. Bulteele, Mr. Chetwind, Colonel Robinson, Sir Hen. North, Mr. Jolly, Sir Geo. Ryve, Mr. George Mount ague. Sir

Ever drd. Sir Antb. Cope, Sir Edm. Peirfe, Mr. Crouch, Alderman Fowke, Sir Theo. Biddulph, Sir John Talbot, Sir Wm.Compton, Mr.. Manwaring, Mr. Coriton, Sir Tho.

Widdrington, Sir John Harrison. Sir Edw. Sir John

Brampston, Baron, of Kinder ton. Sir John Mr.

Attorney of the Duchy, Sir Edw. Harlow, Sir Tho.

tleton, Mr. Steward, Colonel Legg, Sir Ben. Ayloff, Mr.

Higgons, Sir Wm. Batten: And all the Members of this . House, that come to the said Committee, are to haye Voices thereat: And they are impowered to receive Pro-pofals for Advance of his Majesty's Customs , and to inquire into the Number and Quality of the Officers belonging to the Customs, and their Salaries; and how they hold their Places , and how they have demeaned themselves therein , and who are fit to be removed or continued , and to take into Consideration such Informations and Complaints as shall be offered against any of them, or touching any Frauds or Abuses in the Customs -, and ' to consider of any Prdpofals, how the Officers may be limited and regulated, and their Fees ascertained; and to bring in a Table of such Fees as they are to receive from the Merchants; and further, to consider how the Charge in collecting and receiving the Customs may be lessened; and to receive any other Informations or Complaints that shall be made, or Proposals that shall be tendered, for the Advantage of the King, or Ease of the People, in relation to the Levying of the Customs: And they are to meet, in the Exchequer-Chamber, on Saturday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Gower do carry up the Bill to the Lords, to make void Fines unduly procured to be levied by Sir Edward Powell, and his Lady; with the Amendments made thereunto by this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock: At which Time the several Members of this House are to attend Mr. Speaker from hence to St. Margaret's, Church.

Jovis, 30° 'Jamiariiy 130 Car. Regis.

THE House met , and adjourned till Nine of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Veneris, 31° Jan. 140

Prayers.

THE Lord Richardson reports Amendments to the

Bill, to enable Mrs. Clemence Rivers, and Mrs. Rose Ryvers, to fell certain Lands and Houses for Payment of the Debts of Edward Rivers Esquire, deceased, and Provision for his younger Children: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and afterwards, delivered them in at the Clerk's Table.

Which said Amendments being severally twice read; Refohed, Thu this House doth agree to the said Amendments.

Resolved, That the said Bill, with the Amendments so agreed unto, be ingrafted.

Resolved, That the Thanks of this House be returned to Mr. Dean Hardy, and Mr. Alsop, for the Sermons by them preached Yesterday before this House: And that they be desired to print their Sermons: And Sir Thomas Meres is to return the Thanks of this House to Dean Hardy; and the Lord Richardson to Mr. Alsop.

Sir William Lowther reports Amendments to the Bill for the better Regulating of the Manufacture of broad mixed Woollen Cloth, within the West Riding of the County of Yorke: Which he read, with the-Coherence, in his Place; and afterwards, delivered them in at the Clerk's Table.

Which laid Amendments were severally twice read: Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said Amendments.

Resolved, That the said Bill, with the Amendments so agreed unto, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Report of the Amendments to the Biir for regulating Hackney Coaches be read Tomorrow Morning.

Serjeant Charlton reports, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election of That, upon the Petition of Mr. Progers, complaining of the undue Election of Mr. Jeoffries, as Knight for the said County of Brecon, the Committee had fully heard the Witnesses on both Sides; and were fully farisfied, that the Writ was long detained; and the Election not made in the usual Place: That many, who were for Mr. Progers, were refused, discouraged, or delayed; and the Poll adjourned to his Prejudice , and divers indirect Means used, to advance the Number of Election fer Mr. Jeoffries, and to diminish the Number of those that were for Mr. Progers, who would have had the Majority of Voices, if the Election had been fairly carried: And the Opinion of the Committee, that the Election of the said Mr. Jeoffries was void.

Resolved, upon the Question, That this House doth agree with the Opinion of the Committee, that the said Mr. j£offreyts his Election is void.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do make a Warrant to the Clerk" of the Crown, for to issue a new Writ, for the Election of a Knight for the said County of Brecon.

Ordered, That Mr. Oglander have die Leave of this House to go into the Country.

William

William Holmes the Constable, that was committed for a Breach of Privilege, in seizing and detaining Mr. wood, and using of him very rudely, was this Day called in to the Bar of this House: And having, upon his Knees, acknowledged his Offence, and humbly begged Pardon of the House; After a grave Represension given him by Mr. Speaker,

It was Resolved, That the said William Holmes be discharged of his Commitment to the Serjeant at Arms, paying his Fees.

The House resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to resume the Debate of the Bill for the Militia.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Sollicitor-General took the Chair.

Mr. Speaker again took the Chair.

And Mr. Sollicitor-General made Report, from the Committee of the whole House, That they had made some further Progress in the said Bill *, and desired the House might again resolve itself into a Committee, on Tiuefday next, to resume the further Debate of the said Bill.

Resolved, That the House will resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on next, to resume

the further Debate of the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Southcott have the Leave of this House to go into the Country, his Son being lately dead.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning at Eight of the Clock.

Sabbati, primo Februarii, 14' Car. Regis.

Prayers.

Pl'AHE Amendments, sent from the Lords, to Sir Henry JL Frederick Thyn's Bill, which was sent from this House to the Lords for their Concurrence, were this Day Severally read.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said Amendments: And that the said Bill be amended accordingly.

This House being informed. That one Lawrence -rowe, and John Fox, of Fumivas-Inn, his Attorney at Law, do prosecute an Action of Trespass at Law against ‘Thomas Huelt, a menial Servant to the Baron of ton, one of the Members of this House, for taking a Distress for a Heriot due to the said Baron of Kinderton; which he can only justify under the Baron of s

Title ', whose Privilege is thereby violated y

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do examine, whether the said Thomas Huett be a menial Servant to the said Baron of Kinderton, or his Title only concerned in the Suit in Question: And, if he find the same lo to be, then the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, or his Deputy, is to apprehend the said Barrow and Fox, to answer their said Breach of Privilege.

Sir John Talbot reports, from the Committee to whom the Bill for the Sale of Sir Robert Slingsby deceased his Lands, for Payment of his Debts, was committed, several Amendments to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place } and after delivered, in ‘at the Clerk's Table.

Which being severally twice read,

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said Amendments: And

Ordered, That the said Bill,- lb amended, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill, for Additions to the Act concerning the Court of Alfuranee, was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, That the said Bill do pals.-

Resolved, That the Title of the said Bill shall be, A Bill for Additions to the Act concerning the Court of Alfuranee: And Sir Allan Brod is to carry up the said

.'Bfli.

Mr. Goodrich reports, from the Committee to whoni the Bill for Regulating of Hackney Coaches was committed, several Amendments to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Upon reading of which Amendments; 1

Resolved, That the same be re-committed to the formei-Committee at large; who are impowered to receive Pro-pofals: And all the Members that come to the said Committee are to have Voices thereat: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the Exchequer-Chamber.

Mr. Attorney of the Duchy offering to make Report of the Matter touching Mr. Phillips, one of the Mem* bers of this House *,

This House was informed, that feme material Wit-neflfes, to prove the Matter wherewith he Hands charged, are newly come to Town.

Resolved, That the Matter be re-committed to the former Committee: And they are to meet, in the Place formerly appointed, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon; and to fit de die in diem j and to make Report so soon as conveniently they may: And that, till that Report be made, the Hearing of the Matter touching his Eledioni at the Committee of Privileges and Elections, be suspended.

Upon Report made by Mr. Pryn, as to the Proviso, sent from the Lords, to the Bill against Quakers y

Ordered, That a Conference be desired with the Lords,' touching the said Proviso.

Ordered, That Sir William Portman have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

A Message from the Lords* by Sir Mundeford Bramjlcii and Sir Nathanael Hobarty Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a present Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, concerning the Bill for Execution of certain Persons attainted of High Treason.

And the Messengers being withdrawn;

Resolved, That this House doth agree to a present Conference.

And the Messengers being then called in,

Mr. Speaker acquainted them, that this House had agreed to a present Conference.

Ordered, That the Persons under-named do manage the said Conference: Lord Fa Sir John Mr. Attorney of the Duchy, Dr. Birkenhead, Sir Wm. Lewis, Sir John Brampfton, Six Robert Atkins, Serjeant Rainsford, Sir Philip Warwick, Mr. Mr. Wm.

Coventry, Sir Edmund Peirfe.

Ordered, That the Committee of Aulnage be revived j and do fit this Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Committee formerly appointed to* examine and make Inquiry touching the Authors, Printers,' and Publishers, of the seditious Pamphlet, called " The Summary Reasons," with the Members formerly added thereunto by an Order of the Twelfth of December last, do consider of a Paper, this Morning presented to the Members of this House,' intituled, " Certain Propositions concerning the Excise of Liquids, fefr.j" which tends to disturb the Endeavours of this House, in settling the Excise of Beer aid Ale* and to discountenance any Proposals' made to advance the fame: And Mr. Clifford and Mr. Churchill are added to the said Committee: And the said. Committee, or any Three or more of them, are to call before them the Authors, Publishers,- and Printers of the said Paper: And to fend for any Persons or Papers: And to make Report to this House.

Serjeant Rainsford reports, from the Conference, That the Lord Chancellor declared, That the Loyds took Notice,

3 that

5 $6 Journals of the House of Commons.

that Six of the Persons, excepted in the Act of Oblivion, were omitted in the Bill for Execution of the Persons attainted of High Treason: And that though the Lords could have inserted their Names, by way of Amendment to the Bill j yet, in Civility, and for keeping a good Correspondence with this House, the Lords desired to know the Reasons, which induced this House to omit the said Six Persons.

Resolved, That another Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Subject-Matter of the last Conference. That, at That Conference, it be declared, That this House doth acknowledge the Lords Respects, in defiling to preserve a good Correspondence with this House, which this House should endeavour to continue: But, that this House doth not find any Precedent, for giving in their Reasons in such manner as is desired, until there be some Alterations in the Bill, that may occasion the fame: And Mr. Seymour is, on Monday Morning next, to go up to the Lords, to desire the said Conference.

The Matter touching the Claim and Title of Sir iTirringham, being, by Order of the Twenty-fourth of ' January last, adjourned to this Day;

The Parties, with their Counsel, being called in; and several Orders, and Deeds, and Evidences, read; and some Witnesses produced; and Counsel on both Sides, as to Sir Wm. Tirringham's Title, fully heard; and the

Counsel of his Highness the Duke of Torke being also heard;

Ordered, That the further Debate of the Business, touching the Interest of Colonel Sandys and Sir William bam, in the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, be adjourned till Wednesday Morning next: At which Time this House will proceed to deliver their Judgment therein.

And then the House adjourned tijl Tomorrow Morning, at Eight of the Clock.

Lunce, 30 die Februarii, 140 Car. Regis.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, enabling Sir Anthony Browne to fell Lands for Payment of his Debts, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That the same be read again the Second time on Wednesday next.

Mr. Crouch reports, from the Committee to whom the Bill for confirming Three Acts, therein mentioned, was committed. That the Committee had considered thereof; and saw no Cause to make any Alteration therein.. Refohed, That the same be ingrossed.

Mr. Churchill reports, from the Committee for discharging the Manor of Stodgfcomh, and other Manors in Devon, from a Trust of One hundred and Fifty Years, unto the Earls of Exeter, Bridge, and was committed. That the Committee had considered thereof; and saw no Cause to make any Alteration therein.

Resolved, That the same be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Thomas Strickland reports, from the Committee to whom the Bill for enabling Henry , Executor of

John Chambers; William Whartwho married the Executrix of William Barrett John , Executor of Hercules Clay; to raise and levy the Sum of Two thousand Six hundred and Ninety Pounds out of the Manors, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Possessions, of Colonel John Hutchinson, was committed; several Amendments to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place j and after, delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

And the First Amendment being twice read; ResolveedfPhax. this House doth agree to the said Amendment.. .

And the Second Amendment being also read;

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said Amendment.

Resolved, That the said Bill, with the said last Amendment, be ingrossed.

Mr. Steward makes Report, from the Committee to whom the Bill for preventing unnecessary Charge of Sheriffs, and for Ease in perfecting their Accompts, was committed, several Amendments to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

And the first Eighteen Amendments being twice read;

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said Amendments.

And the Nineteenth Amendment being twice read;

The Question was put, That the Troopers, who were to attend the Sheriffs at the Assizes, should have Pay at the Rate of Two Shillings and Six-pence per Diem, for all the Time of his or their Attendance; at the Colt of the Party or Parties charged with Horse and Arms.

The House was divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Sir John Duncombe, f Tellers for the Yeas:

Sir Henry Wright, \ With the Yeas, J IO°*

Mr. Scudamore, J Tellers for the Noes: 7

Sir Robert Holt, \ With the Noes, j 119*

And so it passed in the Negative: And

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the former Committee: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Place formerly appointed; and to fit de die in diem.

Mr. Seymour reports, in Answer to the Message sent by him to the Lords, for a Conference upon the Subject-Matter of the last Conference, upon the Bill for Execution of certain Persons attainted of High Treason, That the Lords consent to a present Conference in the Painted Chamber.

And a Conference being accordingly had 5

Serjeant Rainsford reported. That those intrusted to manage the Conference had delivered to the Lords the Message given them in Charge.

Ordered, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, touching the Bill for preventing the Mischiefs and Dangers that may arise, by certain Persons called Quakers, and others, refuting to take lawful Oaths: And Sir Robert Howard is desired to go to the Lords, to desire the said Conference.

Ordered, That all the Members of this House do make their Returns, from the several Counties, to the Committee formerly appointed to inspect his Majesty's Revenue, and to receive Proposals, touching the Advance of the Excise, at the Star-Chamber, at Two of the Clock this Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Greenevile, Sir Baynbam Throgmorton, Mr. How, and Mr. Edward Seymour, be added to the Committee to which the Matter concerning Mr. Phillips is referred.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for making Orders and By-Laws, for well Ordering and Governing of Common Fields, was committed, be revived; and do meet in the Inner Court of Wards Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And that Sir Charles Huffey, Mr. Puckering, Mr. George Clerk*, Sir Henry Puckering, Mr. William Sandys, be added to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Repairing and better Preserving the Key of the Port of Wells, in the County of Nowas committed, be revived; and do fit in the Speaker's Chamber Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered,

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill For Repair of Bengeworth Bridge was committed, be revived;

and do meet in the Speaker's Chamber Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Upon Report, this Day made by Mr. Edward from the Committee to whom the Petition of those who have Licences, or Letters Patents, under the Great Seal of England,- for the Keeping of Taverns, and Selling of "Wines by Retale, was referred;

Ordered, That the said Petition be humbly recommended to the King's Majesty: And Mr. Edward mour, Sir Courtney Poole, and Dr. ', are to attend

his Majesty with this Order.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Wright be added to the Committee of Privileges and Elections.

Martis, 40 die Februarii, 14° Regis.

Praye rs.

UPON Complaint made, That Mr. Robert

linfon hath intruded upon the Office of Vice-Cham-beriain, and Deputy of the County Palatine of granted by Patent from the Earl of Derby to Edward Rigby Esquire, one of the Members of this House, during the joint Lives of the Earl, and the said Mr. Rigby, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Resolved, That the said Mr. be forthwith

summoned to appear before the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to answer the said Breach of Privilege: And, upon Report made from the said Committee, this House will give further Order herein.

This House being informed, That one Thomas Rad-cliff e had printed a scandalous Pamphlet against Mr. Rigby, one of the Members of this House, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, or his Deputy, do apprehend the said Radcliffe, and bring him in Custody before the Committee to whom this Matter is specially committed; to be examined before them touching the lame: Upon whole Report tins House will give their further Order herein.

Ordered, That the Persons here under-named be appointed a Committee to examine the said Radcliffe, touching the said Pamphlet , and to make Inquiry concerning the Authors and Publishers thereof; and to make Report what they shall find therein: Mr. Milward, Sir Tho. Leigh, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Rich. Sir Roger

Bradshaigh, Mr. Crouch, Sir Thomas Dyke, Mr. Jay, Sir Lancelot Lake, Mr. Churchill, Mr. Newton, Sir Wray, Sir Clifford Clifton, Colonel Kirkby, Mr.

Sir Tho. Widdrington, Sir Hen. Widdrington, Sir Anth.

Irby, Sir Courtney Poole, Mr. Smith, Sir Wm. Stroud, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Knight, Mr. Clerke, Sir William Lowther, Mr. Cory ton, Mr. Clifford, Mr. Chetwind, Sir Rich. -ley. Sir Edward Moseley: And they, or any Five of them, are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock: And to lend for any Persons or Papers, as they shall think fit.

A Bill for preventing of Frauds and Deceits in making of Gold and Silver Lace, and other Manufactures usually made of Gold, Silver, and Copper Ingots, to be dif-grossed for that Purpose; and for letting up and erecting an Office, whereunto all Gold, Silver, and Copper Ingots,- to be difgrofled for making of" the said Manufactures, are to be brought was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, That the same be committed to Sir Anth. Irby, Mr. Churchill, Mr. Clerke, Mr. Whorwood, Sir Wm. Doyley, Mr. Rigby, Mr, Puckering, Mr. Oately, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Chichester Wrayi Sir Roger Bradshaigh,

Mr. Momptffon, Mr. Jay, Sir Benjamin Ayloffe, Mr.

burnham, Mr. Smith, Sir Tljomas Sir William Low-

ther, Mr. Clifford, Mr. Bullen Rheames, Sir Tho. Tompkins, Mr. Ga-wdy, Mr. Smith, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Thomas Leigh, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Whitley, Colonel Phillips, Colonel Kirkby, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Newton, Mr. W jlphaling, Sir Robert Howard, Sir George Ryve, Colo-

nel Winbam, Mr. Cateley, Dr. Birkenhead, Mr. Robinson, Sir John Brampfton, Mr. Dalffon, Mr. Corryton , Mr._

Windham, Sac Tho. Dikes, Mr. Knight, Sir Sir Richard Everard, Sir Gilbert Gerrard: And all the Members that serve for Westminster, London, and South-werke, are to be of the said Committee: And they are to meet in the Exchequer-Chamber Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Cory made Report, from the Committee td whom tire Bill for Regulating the Making of Stuffs in Norfolke and Norwich was committed, several Amendments to the said Bill; and a Proviso to he added to the said Bill: Which Amendments he read, with the Coherence, in his Place , and after, delivered in the said Amendments, and Proviso, at the Clerk's Table.

Which said Amendments being severally twice read;

Resolved, upon the Question, That this House doth agree to the said Amendments.

And the said Proviso, being also twice read, was amended at the Clerk's Table;

Resolved, That the said Bill, so amended, with the said Proviso added thereunto, be ingrossed.

Upon Complaint made by Mr. Lowther, one of the Members of this House, That he was served with a Subpoena, at the Suit of Mr. Bellingham, in Breach of Privilege;

Ordered, That the same be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to call before them the said Mr. Bellingham , and to examine, and certify, how they find the fame.

Serjeant Charlelon makes Report, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of Clitbero, That the Committee had examined the Matter upon the Petition of Mr'. Pudsey, against the Election of Sir Ralph Ashton: And that the Question was upon the Right of Election, Whether such Freeholders, as had Estates for Life, or iri Fee; or Freemen at large; had the Right of Election; and the Opinion of the Committee, That, according to the Judgment given in the last Parliament, such Freeholders only as had Estates for Life, or in Fee, had the Right of Election: And tha£ Mr. Pudsey had the Majority of such Voices; and that Sir Ralph Ashton's Election was void; and that Mr. Pudsey ought to fit in this House, as Burgess for the said Town of Qithtro.

Resolved, upon the Question, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That, according to the Judgment in the last Assembly, such Freeholders only as had Estates for Life, or in Fee, had the Right of Election; and that Mr. Pudsey had the Majority of such Voices; and that Sir Ralph Ashton's Election was void; and that Mr. Pudsey ought to fit in this House, as Burgess for the said Town of Clitbero.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing Wrotham from Stanffead and Plextoll was committed, be revived; and do fit Tomorrow in the Afternoon, in the Star-Chamber: And that Mr. Fane be added to the said Committee,

Ordered, That the Amendments to the Bill for the Highways in general, be taken into Debate on Thursday Morning next: And that the Bill for repairing the Streets and Highways, in and about London and Wffminffer, be then read.

4 X

Ordered, by the Commons assembled in Parliament, That, in respect of the great Dearth of Corn, and Sickness of the People, his Majesty be humbly moved to remit , the Rigour of the Law for the ftri6t Observation of this Lew/ensuing: And that his Majesty be humbly acquainted. That this House hath received Information, that there is Plenty of Corn in Ireland; and that great Quantities thereof are bought up for foreign Parts: And humbly, therefore, to beseech his Majesty to give special Order to his Justices and Council of Ireland, to take such an effectual Course, that no Sort of Grain may be transported out of but upon good Security, to bring and vend the same in England.

And the Members of this House, who are of . his Majesty's Privy Council, and Sir Richard , are desired to attend his Majesty with this Order.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Justinian Lewen and Sir ST. IVlolrich;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a present Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, concerning the Bill, lent up to the Lords from this House, intituled, An Act for confirming Three Acts therein particularly mentioned, with Additions and Alterations in the last of them.

And the Messengers being commanded to withdraw;

Resolved', That this House doth agree to the Laid Conference.

And the Messengers, being withdrawn, were acquainted therewith.

Ordered, That the Persons under-named do attend the said Conference: Lord Fanfh Mr. , Sir John Brampfion, Serjeant Char let on, Mr. , Sir Thomas

Meres, Dr. Birkenhead, Mr. Vaughan.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, for enabling Henry Chambers, Executor of John Chambers, William Wharton, who married the Executrix of William Barrett, John Clay Executor of Hercules Clay, to raise and levy the Sum of Two thousand Six hundred and Ninety Pounds, out of the Manors, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Pofi sessions of Colonel John Hut be read on Monday next.

Serjeant Charleton made Report of what had passed at the Conference, upon the Bill for Confirming Three Acts therein particularly mentioned, with Additions and Alterations to the last of them: And delivered in, at the Clerk's Table, the said Bill, with the Amendments, sent from the Lords.

Ordered, That the Matter upon the said Amendments be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Mercurit, 50 die Februarii, 140 Car, Regis.

Prayers.

A Bill for confirming the Will of William Revely was this Day read the First time.

A Bill for to restrain the Exportation of Leather, and Raw Hides, out of the Realm of Englandi was this Day read the First time;

Resolved, That the same be read again the Second time, Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill, against importing of foreign Wool-Cards, Card-Wife, or Iron-Wire, Was this Day read the Third time.

The Question being put, That these Words, " for making of Wool-Cards," be struck out of the Billj Resolved, in the Negative.

Resolved, That the said Bill do pass.

Resolved, That the Title of the Bill shall be. An Act against importing of foreign Wool-Cards, Card-Wire, or Iron-Wire.

And Mr. York is to carry up the said Bill to the Lords.

Ordered, That the Bill for Gold and Silver Wire, and Ingots, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, for discharging the Manors of and other Ma-

nors in Devon, from a Trust of One hundred and Fifty Years, unto the Earls of Execeter Bridgewater, and Bul-

lingbrooke, ht read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for confirming Three Acts therein mentioned was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, That the same pass.

Resolved, That the Title of the said Bill shall be. An Act for Confirming of Three Acts therein mentioned.

And Mr. Crouch is to carry lip the said Bill to the Lords.

Serjeant Charleton reports, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, That Mr. Robert Hunt having preferred his Petition against the Election of Mr.

who fits in this House as Burgess for had not

prosecuted his Petition; and the Opinion of the Committee, That Mr. Hunt's Petition be dismissfed.

Resolved, upon the Question, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That Mr. Hunt's Petition be dismissed.

The Clerk of the Crown's Deputy this Day brought to the Clerk's Table the Return for Clithero and raled thereout the Name of Sir Ralph Ashion Baronet, and inferred the Name of Ambrose Pudsey Esquire.

A Bill for the Relief of poor and maimed Officers and Soldiers was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, That the same be committed to the Committee, which, by the Order of the Twenty-seventh of November last, were appointed to consider, and propound to this House, such Ways as they shall think fit, for a further Supply, Reparation, and Ease, of his Majesty's loyal and suffering Subjects, who have faithfully and cor.stantly served his Majesty, or his Royal Father: And it is spe. daily recommended to the said Committee, to take care, that Provision be made by this Bill, that Quarterly Accompts of the Disposition of the Monies to be thereby raised be posted up at the respective Quarter-Sessions.

Ordered, That the Bill for Wastes and Commons be read Tomorrow.

The further Debate of the Business touching the Interest of Colonel Sandys, and Sir William Tirringham, in the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, being, by Order of the First of February inlfant, adjourned till this Day: At which Time the House appointed to proceed to deliver their Judgments therein,

Resolved, upon the Question, That the Committee to whom both the Bills concerning the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, are committed, do consider of both Bills; and provide that the Works may be maintained j and do insert the Names of Colonel Sandys and Sir William Tirringham, and the other Persons, who have the like Claim, into the Bill; and do preserve their Rights; and do erect a Court of Judicature, to giveRe-compence where they shall see Cause.

Resolved further, upon the Question, That the Committee take care, that, by the Bill, Colonel and Sir

William Tyrringham, may be put into Possession of such Part of the Level as was set out for the Lots of Sir Miles Sandys and Sir Thomas Tyrringham, according to their several Interests, under the Fourteenth Part Deed.

Ordered, That the Name of Lovis Carterett, Daughter of the Right Honourable Sir George Carteret, Vice-Cham-3 berlain

I4 Car. II.

berlain to his Majesty, ralization.

And then the House adjourned till To-iflorrow Morning at Eight of the Clock*

__________:___ — ___ , __________

Jovis, 6° die Februarii, 14 Regis.

Pr AVERS.

A N ingrafted Bill, sent from the Lords, for discharging J\ the Manors of Slodfcmbeand , and other

Lands in the County of Devon, from the Trull of One hundred and Fifty Years, made unto John Earl of John Earl of Bridgewater, and Oliver Earl of brook, was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That this House doth assent to the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill for preventing Frauds and Abuses to his Majesty, in relation to his Customs, do appoint a Sub-committee, to examine and consider of Proposals for a Table of Fees, between the Merchants and Officers.

Forasmuch as this House was this Day informed, that Samuel Holmes, an Attorney at Law, who, by Order of

the Twentieth of January last, was apprehended by the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, lor his Contempt, and Breach of Privilege, in obtaining a Judgment, and taking out Execution, against Sir one

of the Members of this House, had submitted himself to the said Sir William Fleetwood, and given him Satisfaction:

Ordered, That the said Samuel Holmes be discharged of his Imprisonment, paying his Fees.

Ordered, That the Bill for settling certain Manors and Lands of Sir James Enyons, on his Trustees, to fell for Payment of his Debts, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill for Wastes and Commons be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill of the Silk-throwers be read Tomorrow Morning.

K9

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said Addition: And that the same be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the said Bill, with the said Amendments and Addition, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill, for the better Regulating of the Manufacture of Broad Woolen Cloth, within the West Ride-ing of the County of Yorke, was this Day read the Third time.1

Resolved, That the said Bill do pass.

Resolved, That the Title of the said Bill shall be, An Act for the better Regulating of the Manufacture of Broad Woolen Cloth within the West Riding of the County of York.

Mr. Seymour made Report, That he had attended his Majesty with the Message on the Behalf of those who had Licences to fell Wine by Retale: And that his Majesty, being retired into his Closer, did, upon Notice of the Mef-lage, presently come forth; and gracioufty.received the feme; and declared, that he would take it into Consideration.

Mr. Secretary Morrice reported. That he had attended his Majesty with the Meftages concerning the remitting of the Rigour of the Law For the strictObservation of the Lent ensuing; and that no Grain might be transported out of Ireland, but upon good Security to bring the same for England: And that his Majesty was gracioufty pleased to declare. That he would take the first Part of the Message into serious Consideration; and give Order for the Observation of the Second Part of . said Message.

Mr. Steward reports, from the Committee to whom the Bill for preventing unnecessary Charge of Sheriffs, and for Ease in passing their Accompts, was re-committed, several Amendments to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place > and after, delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Which said Amendments being twice read; some Alterations were, made therein.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said Amendments, with the Alterations therein lb made.

Resolved, That the said Bill, with the said Amendments and Alterations, be ingrossed.

Journals of the House of Commons.

be infer ted into the Bill for Natu-

Mr. Ashburnham reports, from the Committee to whom the Bill for the constituting Corporations in the Cities of London and Westminster, and in the several Cities and

Counties within the Kingdom of England, and Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, for the betterRelief and Employment of the Poor; and for the preventing of Poor, by the Settling of them; and for the better Execution of the Laws against Rogues and Vagabonds; was committed, several Amendments, and an Addition to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Which said Amendments being severally twice read;

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the Four first: Amendments.

And the Question being put, That this House doth agree with the Committee, to the Fifth Amendment;

The House was divided: And

The Noes went forth.

Sir John B,

Mr. Clifford,

Mr. Mcreton,

Colonel Rob

f Tellers for the Noes

\ With the Noes, fTellers for the Yeas:7 ( With the Yeas, j 45* So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That that Clause be struck out in the Bill. Which was done accordingly.

The Sixth Amendment being twice read;

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said Amendment.

The Addition being twice read;

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill for enabling John Coppleston Esquire to fell Lands is committed, be revived; and do fit in the Place formerly appointed this Afternoon at Two of the Clock: And the Persons under-named are added to the said Committee; viz. Sir Henry North, Sir John Rouse, Sir Edmund Mr. Cornwallis.

Ordered, That Mr. Chute's Petition be read, and taken into Consideration, Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill touching Pluralities and Curates Maintenance be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Roger Derrick, Son of Stephen Derrick, be inserted into the Bill for Naturalization.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning at Eight of the Clock.

Vmeris, 70 dieFebruariiy 14.0 Regis.

Prayers.

JJOger Derrick this Day took the Oath of Allegiance and Supremacy, in order to his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Tompkins have the Leave of this House to go into the Country*

Ordered,

% 66 Journals of the House of CorntrionS. A.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bills for

Bedford Level were committed, do meet at the Place formerly appointed, Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And the Persons Under-named are added to the said Committee; Serjeant Ser-

jeant Littleton, Lord Herbert, Serjeant Charleton, Sir Richard Onslow: And the said Committee are to appoint a Sub-Committee, to draw both the Bills into one.

Mr. Rigby reports, from the Committee to whom the Bill for Naturalization of Anna Ferrers, and others, was committed, several Amendments to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place , and after, delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

And the Firlf Amendment, being, Folio 7, Linep, after the Word " Lords," put in these Words, " Spiritual and Temporal," was twice read.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said Amendment.

And the Second Amendment, being, in the same Folio, Line 13, after the Word " the," put in the Word "said;" and after the Word " Lords," put in the Words " Spiritual and Temporal;" being also twice read;

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said Amendment.

And the Third Amendment, being. Folio 9, Line 1, after the Word " hereby," put in these Words, " from henceforth," was likewise twice read.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said Amendment.

And the Fourth Amendment, being, in the same Folio, Line 2, after the Word " be," put in these Words, " from henceforth," was twice read.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said Amendment.

And the Fifth Amendment, being, in the same Folio, Line 1* after the Word "hereby," put in these Words, " from henceforth," was twice read.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said Amendment.

And the Sixth Amendment, being, Folio 1, Line 1, after the Word " hereby," put in these Words, " from henceforth," was twice read.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said Amendment.

And the SeventhAmendment, being, in the same Folio, Line 13, after the Word " his," put in these Words, " her_____"

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said Amendment.

And the F.ighth Amendment, being. Folio 11, Line 12, leave out the Word " hath," being twice read;

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said Amendment.

And the Ninth Amendment, being, in the same Folio, Line 13, after the Word " shall," put in the Words, " from henceforth . ."

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said Amendment.

And the Tenth Amendment, being, Folio 13, Line 1, after the Word " also," put in the Words, " from henceforth," being twice read;

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said Amendment.

And the Eleventh Amendment, being, in the feme Folio, lyine 2, after the Word "and," put out the Word "Tenements ;" and, instead thereof, put in the Word " Hereditaments . . "

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said Amendment.

And the Last Amendment, being, the feme Folio, line 4, after the Word " also," put in the Words " from henceforth . ."

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said Amendment.

And he likewise made Report, That these Persons undernamed had not brought in Certificates of their Receiving

of the Sacrament; viz. Sir John Rot he, James Tan Jen, John Symons, Robert Dallifon, Kath. Hejfen Shers, John Scafe, George Matson, Charlett Hejfen Killigrew, Wa through Howardi had not Certificates, that they had received the Sacrament: And that Mary Winter is a Papist: Reger Derrick taken the Oath, and will receive the Sacrament upon Sunday: And that the other Persons hereafter*

named were Infants; viz. Henry Cely,

Charles Slingsby, Frances Lapp, George Roberts, Charles Killigrew, Robert Killigrew, John Shers, Richard Boyle, Richard Boyle, Wm. Northey, Nicholas Sauls, Wm. Howard, Jane Perkins, Hermanns Cely, Charles Hales, Mary Slingsby, Tho. Sandys, Mary Roberts, Thomas Killigrew, George Shers, Charles Boyle, Heneretla Boyle, Richard Minors, Wm.Saule, Charles Howard, Lovis Bevil Skelton.

And this House being then informed, that divers of the' Persons named in the said Bill, were Merchant Strangers, which would be very prejudicial to his Majesty in his Customs, and to the native Merchants;

Resolved, That this Bill be re-committed: And that the Names of the Merchant Strangers be struck out of the said Bill: And that a new Bill be brought in for them apart.

And the Reporter acquainting this House, that feme of the Persons in the said Bill had not paid the Dues of this House;

Ordered, That all their Names be firuck out of the said Bill, except such of his Majesty's Servants as Mr. Speaker shall particularly direct to be continued therein.

Ordered, That Sir John A fou; foil's Bill be reported on Thursday Morning.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee of Trade, after they have considered fully of the Trade of Woolen Manufactures, do resume the Debate of the Bill concerned heavy dyed Silk, in the next Place.

Serjeant Charleton made Report, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Complaint made by Sir Thomas Bernardiflon, and Sir Robert Cordell, against

the Election of Mr. Waldgrave, and Isaack Appleton, as Burgesses for Sudbury, in the County of That the

Question was. Whether the Mayor, Six Aldermen, and Twenty-four Chief Burgesses only, had the Right of Election; or the Common Burgesses at large; and the Opinion of the Committee, That the Mayor, Six Aldermen, and Twenty-four Chief Burgesses only, had Right of Election.; and that Mr. Waldgrave, and Isaack Appleton, ought to fit in this House as Burgess for the said Borough of Sudbury; and that a new Writ ought to issue for the Election of a new Burgess there, in the Place of the said Mr. Appleton.

Resolved, That this House doth agree in Opinion with the said Committee, That the Mayor, Six Aldermen, and Twenty-four Chief Burgesses only, had Right of Election v and that Mr. Waldgrave and Mr. Appleton were duly elected; and that Mr. Waldgrave ought to fit in this House as Burgess for the said Borough of Sudbury, and that Mr. Speaker do issue a new Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown for a new Writ to issue, for the Election of a new Burgess there, in the Place of the said Mr. Appleton.

- The humble Petition of Challenor Chute Esquire being this Day read;

Ordered, That, at his first Coming, he shall kneel at the Bar of this House.

And he being brought in accordingly, by the Serjeant at Arms; and humbly kneeling at the Bar of this House Mr. Speaker declared to him his Offence:

To which he made his humble Answer, Excuse, and Acknowledgment:

And was then commanded to withdraw.

After which, upon Debate of the Matter,

Resolved, That he, being again called in, shall receive a severe Represension; and thereupon be discharged of his Imprisonment, paying his Fees.

Where-

Whereupon he was accordingly called in: And Mr. Speaker gave him a grave Represension accordingly.

Ordered, That the Debate of the Matter upon the Conference, touching the Bill for Confirmation of Three Acts, be taken into Consideration on Monday next, at Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Committee, appointed to take into Consideration such Reasons and Proposals as shall be offered, for railing and improving the Duty of Excise, be revived; and do fit in the Star-Chamber Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

This House this Day resumed the Debate of the Amendments reported, to the Bill for Enlarging and Repairing the Highways, and once read.

And the Eleven first Amendments being now read the Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said Amendments.

And the First Paragraph of the additional Part of the Twelfth Amendment being read

Resolved, That this House doth agree thereunto.

And this House then proceeding in the Debate of the next Paragraph;

Resolved, That this House doth adjourn the further Debate thereof till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Persons under-named be added to Mr. Coppleffon's Committee j Sir Mefeley, Mr.

Stonehouse.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom Mr. Peck's Bill was committed, be revived; and do fit in the Star-Chamber Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning at Eight of the Clock.

Sabbatiy 8° die Februariiy 140 Regis.

A Bill for the Regulating the Trade of Silk-throwing was this Day read the Second' time.

Resolved, That the same be committed to Sir 'Thomas Littleton, Colonel Phillips, Mr 'Nlr. Churchill,

Sir John Duncotnb, Mr. John Jones, Mr. Mr.

Musgrave, Sir Wm. Stroud, Mr. Knight, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Clifford, Sir Rich. Everasrd, Colond Windham, Mr. Trelawny, Mr. Gawdy, Mr. Goodrich, Sir William Lewes,

Colonel Whitley, Mr. Rohinfon, Sir Lancelot Lake, Mr. Morton, Sir John Brampston, Sir Sir

Francis Anderson, Mr. Stanhop, Mr. Jay, Mr. Lewes,

Sir Tho. Tompkins, Sir John Norto Sir Robert Howard, Mr. lliggons, Mr. Street, Sir William and all

the Members of this House chat serve for London, Middlesex, Surry, Essex, and Kent, and aft -other Citizens of London, that all Members of this House, are to be of the same Committee: And they are to meet in the Exchequer-Chamber on Tuesday next, at Two of the Clock: in the Afternoon: And to iend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrafted Bill, sent from the Lords, for enabling Sir Anthony Browne to fell Lands for- Payment of Debts, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, That the same ., committed to Colonel Phillips, Sir John Goodrich, Sit Wm. Stroud, Mr. JVhorwood, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mx.Culliford, Mr. Clifford, Sir Dyke, Sir Rich.Everard, Sir John Brampston, Mr. New-

ton, Mr. Higgons, Sir Tho. Tompkins, Sir Tho.

Sir John Holland, Mr . Puckering, Sir Solomon. Swale, Sir

Ediiiund Peirfe, Sir Robert Howard, Mr. Mr*

Goodrich, Mr. Steward, Sir John Dfincombe, Mr. Windham, Sir Thomas Gcwre, Sir Hen. Newton alias

Mr. Knight, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Gilbert , Mr.

Gawdy, Colonel Sandys, Mr. Churchill, Sir Lancelot Mr. Rigby, Sir William Lowther, Dr. Birkenhead, and the Knights and Burgesses for the County of And

they are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock: And to fend for Persons* Papers, and Records.

A Bill for settling certain Manors and Lands of Sir James Enyons on his Trustees, to fell for Payment of his Debts, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That the same be read again the Second time on Monday next.

A Bill for the Restoring and Preventing of sundry Abuses and Deceits in the Making of Serges, Perpe-tuanas, and other Studs, in the County and City of Exon, and the County of Devon, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That 'the same be read again the Second time on Tuesday next.

A'Mc-stage from the Lords, by Sir Nathaniel Hobart and Sir Toby Woolrich,

Mr.' Speaker, The Lords have font down Two Bills i The one, for Restoring of Charles Earl of Derby to the Manors of Mould and Moulfdale, Hope and Hopefiaie to which they desire the Concurrence of this House: The other, for Confirmation of the Register of Sales and Pawns, made to Retaling of Brokers in London and Westminster, and Places adjacent, with feme Amendments to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Ordered, That the said Bill for Restoring of the Earl of Derby , and, as to the Amendments to the said Bill, for Confirmation of the Office of Register of Sales and Pawns *, be read on Monday next.

Ordered, That the Bill to restrain the Exportation of Leather and Raw Hides, out of die Realm of England, be read the Second time on Monday next.

Ordered, That all such Memb-rs of this House, as shall interrupt the House in their Debates, by private Dif-couvfes, be called to the Bar.

And the House, according to a former Order, of the Seventh of this Instant, then refemed the Debate of the Second Paragraph of the additional Part of the Twelfth Amendment, reported to the Bill for Enlarging and Repairing the Highways.

And feme Amendments were ordered to be made therein, as followeth: Viz.

After the Words " from time to time," in the Fourth Line of the said Paragraph, insert " by Order from the Quartex-Sessions."

After the Word " County," in the Fifth Line of the said Paragraph, insert these Words, " authorized thereunto by the Sessions."

After the Word " returned," in the Second Page of the next Folio, wherein the said Paragraph is contained, put out these Words, "and thereby found, that it is not to the Damage of any Person or Persons."

After the Word " fame," in the Seventh Line of that Folio, insert the Words " according to their several and respective Interests in the Whole."

Which said Amendments were accordingly made therein.

But this House conceiving, that, in this Paragraph, Provision should he made, that the new Fences, after the same were once set up, should be maintained by those that did maintain the old , and that the same Provision should be made for buying the new Way, as is made for the repairing the old and that the Satisfaction might be given by the old Way, and otherwift, as should be 4 Y fit*

Journals of the House of Commons. A. i66r

fit, with feme other Particulars, not yet thereby particularly provided for;

Resolved, That this Paragraph be re-committed to the former Committee, tp rectify the same in those Particulars; and to report the same with all convenient Speed.

And the next Paragraph being read;

Ordered, That, after the Word " amended," in the Third Line of the said Paragraph, these Words be inserted, " by such Parish or Parishes, Town, Hamlet, or Village, orand that, in Two Places in the said Paragraph, the Word " broading" be struck out, and the Word " enlarging" inserted, instead thereof.

Which was done accordingly.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said Paragraph, so amended.

And the next Paragraph being read *, and debated;

Resolved,' That this House doth disagree thereunto.

Ordered, That Mr. Sollicitor-General do prepare and bring in a Bill, for the Reparation and Support of Dover Pier, by such Impositions as was formerly laid upon the like Occasion.

this House to the Lord Chancellor, to award a Writ of Superftdeas, to stay all further Proceedings in the said Action.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Gentlemen Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of Egborough, Hen-

fall, Gowdal, Balne, Pollington, and other Towns, within

the West-Riding of the County of Yorke, be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill for Hatfeild Chace is committed: Who are to take the same into present Con-fideeration.

Ordered, That Sir Baynbam ‘Throgmorton, Sir Wm. ley, and Sir William Lowther, do attend my Lord Treasurer; and desire his Lordship, That he would be pleased to return his Report to this House, as soon as conveniently he can, upon the Order of the Thirteenth of July last, of Recommendation from this House to his Lordship, touching the Claim of Sir John Winter to the Forest of Dean; and concerning such Proposals as have been made for Increase of his Majesty's Revenue; and for Improvement of Timber and Wood in the said Forest.

And the Question being put. That this House shall be adjourned till Thursday next j

The House was divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Lord Rich. Butler, f Tellers for the Yeas 106.

Sir Tho. Meers, £ With the Yeas, j

Mr. Higgons, XTellers for the Noes \ 77

Mr. Puckering, \ With the Noes, j

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That all such Committees as were to meet this Afternoon, do meet accordingly: And that all other Committees, that were appointed to meet on Monday and Tuesday next, be adjourned till Thursday next; and do meet that Afternoon, at the Places formerly appointed.

Ordered, That Thomas Holmes and Andrew Ford, who, by an Order, of the Fifth of December last, were brought up in Custody, to answer their Breach of Privilege, in causing the Servant of Sir Courtney Poole, a Member of this House, to be arrested -, and have made their Submission, to the Satisfaction of the said Sir Courtney j be enlarged of their Imprisonment, paying their Fees.

Ordered, That the Bill for the Making good and Confirming of a Lease unto Elizabeth Barker, Barbara Barker, and Frances Barker, of a Messuage, with the Appurtenances, called the King's-Head Tavern in Chancery-Lane, London, be read on Thursday Morning.

A Bill to enable Mr. Thomas Knollis to fell Lands for Payment of the Debts of Sir Henry Knollis, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read the Second time on Saturday next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to which Sir John Mounson's Bill was committed, be heard

Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill, sent from the Lords, to restore the Earl of Derby to the Manor of Mould and Mouldfdale, in Flintshire, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Okeover's ingrafted Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, for Sale of Sir Robert Slingsby' % Land, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill, for Sale of Lands to pay the Debts of Mr. Ryvers, be read Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for making Three Rivers navigable was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read the Second time or) Monday next.

Ordered, That the Names of Katharine Heffen Wife of John Sayers, George Sayers, Robert Sayers, Thomas Sayers, Peter Harding, Johannis De Gens Van Hooren, Agneta Phillips', PeterDavifon, Charles

Davison, Anne Davison, Elizabeth Davison, Children of Sir William Davison Baronet , Maurice de la Dale, John De Gens, Claude Sourcean, Mary Griffith, and William Kircum, Son to William Kircum, one of the Master-Cooks to his Highness the Duke of Torke j be inserted into the Bill for Naturalization.

yovis, 130 Februarii, 140 Car. Regis.

THIS House being informed, That one William Bridgewater hath, in Mi Term last, brought

an ACUon, in the King's-Bench, against one John Hocking, and others, which he prefies to Tryal by one George Richards, his Attorney -, in and by which Suit the Title of Thomas Robinson Esquire, one of the Members of this

House, will be drawn into Question, contrary to the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do direct the Warrant of

Ordered, That the Name of Sufatme De MilleviUc, Daughter of Daniel De Millivelle Baron of Boejfay, and of the Lady Katherine his Wife, of Boeffa in the Kingdom of France, and Wife of Sir Samuel Morland Knight and Baronet and one of the Gentlemen of his Majesty's Privy-Chamber, be inserted into the Bill of Naturalizing.

A Bill for making it lawful, for Persons that lend Monies to the King, to take Interest at Ten Pounds per Centum, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill for Settling a Maintenance for. Ministers in Corporations be read Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill to restrain the Exportation of Leather and Raw Hides, out of the Realm of England, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, That the same be committed to Mr. Jones, Sir John Goodrich, Mr. Goodrich, Sir John Covett, Sir

Robert Howard, Sir William Fleetwood, Mr. Bullen Reymes, Sir Lancelot Lake, Mr. Torke, Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. Jay, Mr. Attorney of the Duchy, Sir Rich. Ford, Sir

William

14 Car. It Journals of the

William Lewis, Mr. VaughanSir Ben. Mr. Wm.

Sandy s, Lord Ancram, Mr. Knight, Sir William Stroud,

Sir John Tialbott, Sir Baynham Mr. Chet-

windy Sir Edmund Pooley, Sir Edmund Serjeant Charleton, Sir Wm. Lowther, Mr. , Sir Matthew

Appleyard, Colonel Robinson, Sir Rich. Onjlowy Sir Antbo.

Irby, Sir Thomas Allan, Svc Wm. Boy ley, Serjeant

Mr. Rigby, Mr. Clifford, Sir John Mr. Walker,

Mr. Newport, Sir Theop. Biddulph, Sir Henry North, Sir Philip Musgrave, Colonel Kirkby, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Sir

Thomas Littleton, Sir John Lowe, Sir Thomas Gore, Colonel Windham, Sir Edward Harloe, Lord Angier, Mr*. Pryn, Sir Wm.Tompson, Mr ChSir James Smith,

Sir Thomas Bludworth, Sir John Shaw, Mr. Walden, Sir

Clifford Clifton, Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. Garraway, Sir Henry Capell, Mr. Culleford, Sir Meres, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Oatley, Mr. Swinfein, Mr. Oneale, Sir Rich. Ford, Mr. Jolliff: And all the Members of this House, that shall come to the said Committee, are to have Voices thereat: And they are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber on Saturday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon! And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And to peruse the former Laws relating to this Matter \ and to lilpply any Defeats therein; and, in particular, to provide against Transporting of any Leather cut out into Wares, or Pieces, and the Packing thereof in Barrels with other Wares; and all other Frauds and Practices in conveying away and exporting of Leather.

An ingossed Bill for preventing the unnecessary Charge of Sheriffs, and for the Ease in the Palling of their Accompts. Was this Day read the Third time.

And some Amendments being, upon the Question, agreed to; and the Bill being accordingly amended, at the Clerk's Table;

A Provilb was tendered to be annexed, and made Part of the Bill: Which being twice read,

Resolved, That the same be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the said Bill, with the said Amendments and Proviso agreed unto, do pals.

Resolved, That the Title of the said Bill shall be. An Act for preventing the unnecessary Charge of Sheriffs, and for Ease in passing their Accompts.

And Sir John Buncombe is to carry up the said Bill to the Lords.

Ordered, That the Bill for Repairing and Maintaining the Highways and Streets, in t^ie Cities of London and Westminster, and Parts adjacent, be read Tomorrow Morning at Nine of the Clock: And that, at Ten of the Clock, the Business of the King's Revenue be taken into Confederation.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Clothiers of the County of Wilts be referred to the Consideration of the Grand Committee for Trade.

And the House then resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to resume the Debate of the Bill for the Militia.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Sollicitor-General took the Chair.

Mr. Speaker again took the Chair: And

Mr. Sollicitor-General made Report, That the Committee had made some Progress in the said Bill; and desired, that this House would again resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,.. Saturday Morning, to resume the Debate of the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, on Saturday Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to resume the said Debate, and to finish the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom Mr. Scudamore's Bill was committed be revived; and do fit in the Place formerly appointed, on Saturday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

House of Commons. 365

Ordered, That Dr. Birkenhead and Sir William Lewes be added to die Committee, to whom the Complaint against Mr. Phillips, one of the Members of this House, is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Reames, Sir William Tredenhamt Mr. Strickland, Mr. Mallett, be added to the Committee , to Whom the Lady Wandesford's Bill is committed.

Ordered, That the Names of John, Richard, and Thomas Hebdon, Sons of John Hebdon, a natural man, now Ambassador Resident from the Emperor of Ruff a, and Thomas Smith his Kinsman, be inferred into the Bill for Naturalization.

And thett the House adjourned till To-rttofrow Morning at Eight of the Clock.

V merit, 140 Februar, 140

Px avx as*

OUfannab Be Milleville this Day took the Oaths of Al- lcgiance and" Supremacy, at the Clerk's Table, in order to her Naturalization.

A Bill for restoring Charles Earl of Berby to the Manors of Mould and Mouldfdale, Hope and in

the County of Flint, was this Day read the Firlit time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time on Monday next.

The Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill for Confirmation of a Eegifter of Sales and Pawns, made to retaling Brokers in London and Westminster, and Places adjacent, were this Day twice read.

ResolvedfTfax. this House doth agree to the said Amendments: And that the said Amendments be added to, and made Part of the Bill.

A Bill to enable Charles Barnejley Esquire, and , his Son and Heir-Apparent, to fell Lands for the Payment of the Debts of the said Charles Barnejley, his Father, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, That the same be committed to Sir Tho. Strickland, Sir Tho. Tompkins, Mr. Strickland, Mr. Mar-nee, Mr. Newton, Sir Lancelot Lake, Sir Courtney,

Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Wm. Boyley, Mr. Churchill, Sir Tho. Leigh, Mr. Knight, Mr. Scudamore, Mr.

Mr. Puckering, Colonel Robinson, Sir John Talbot, Sir Edm. Pooley, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Robert Holt, Sir Robert Atkyns, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Bullen Reames, Sir Edw. Walpoole, Mr. Eyre, Sir Clement Throckmorton, Sir Anthony Irby, Mr. Wdlgrave, and all the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, who serve for the Counties of Berby and Stafford: And they are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber, Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Two of the Clock i And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingossed Bill for the Sale of Sir Robert Slingsby deceased his Lands, for Payment of his Debts, was this Day read the Third time.

And several Amendments being, upon the Question, agreed to *, and the Bill befog accordingly amended, at the Clerk's Table

Resolved, That the said Bill, with the Amendments, fa amended and agreed to, do pass.

Resolved, That the Title of the said Bill shall be, An Act for Sale of Sir Robert Slingsby deceased his Lands, for Payment of his Debts.

A Bill for settling certain Minors and Lands of Sir James Enyons on his Trustees, to fell for Payment of his Debts, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, That the same be committed to Sir Tho. Leigh, Mr, Geo. Clarke, Mr. , Sir Tho. Tomp-

Pic ized by

kins, Mr. Newton >Mr. Oakeley, Mr. Goodrich, Sir John Covett, Sir Lancelot Lake, Serjeant Rainsford, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. Clifford, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Cotton, Sir John Brampfton, Mr. Chune, Mr. York, Sir Rob. Holt, Sir Edm. Sir

Clem. Throckmorton, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Oneale, Sir JuJtin. Ifham, Sir Rowland Berkley, Sir John Goodrich, Mr. Manwaring, Mr. Eyre, Sir Tho. Middleton, Mr. Mr.

Waring, Mr. Street, Serjeant Keeling, Mr.

Mr. Milward, Mr. Russell, Mr. Churchill, Mr. Crooke,

Mr. Proby, Sir Tho. "Dike, Mr. Reames, Mr. Sir

Clifford Clifton, Mr. Jay, Mr. Mr.

Colonel Leg, Sir Edm. Peirfe, Mr. James, Colonel Mr. Or me. Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Sir Tho. Sir

Tho. Gower, Mr. Lewes, Sir Edm. Pooley, and all die Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, who serve for die several Counties of Warwick and Stafford: And they are to meet in the Exchequer-Chamber, Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Two of the Clock: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Money for his present Occasions, to take Interest at Ten Pound per Centum, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed to the Committee of the whole House, that is appointed for the King's Revenue: And that the House will resolve into a Committee Tomorrow Morning, to take this Bill in die first Place, and afterwards the King's Revenue, into Consideration: And they are to limit a Time in the Bill, for die taking up and retaining Money at Interest, by his Majesty, at the Rate of Ten Pounds per Centum.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for Bengworth- Bridge is committed, be revived; and do meet Tomorrow, at the Place formerly appointed, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Committee, to which the Bufinela touching Mr. James Phillips is referred, be revived; and do fit Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Place formerly appointed.

Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill, for the enabling Henry Chambers, Executor of John Chambers; William who married the Executrix of William Barret; and John Clay, Executor of Hercules Gay; to raise and levy the Sum of Two thousand Six hundred and Ninety Pounds, out of the Manors, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and PoftTeflions of Colonel John Hutchinfbe read To-

morrow, when the House is full.

A Bill for Repairing of Dover Harbour was this Day read the Fiift time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read the Second time on Monday next.

Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill, for the constituting Corporations in the City of London, and Westminster, and in the several Cities and Counties within the Kingdom of England, and Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor; and for the preventing of Poor, by the Settling of them; and for the better Execution of the Laws against Rogues and Vagabonds; be read To-rrtorrow Morning.'

A Bill for Repairing the Highways and Sewers, and for paving and keeping-clean- of the Stieets, in and about the Cities of London and Westminfi and for reforming' of Annoyances and Disorders in the Streets of, and Places adjacent to the said Cities; was this Day read the Second time.- '

Resolved, That this Bill be committed to -the fame-Committee, to which the Bill for regulating Hackney CoachcS was formerly committed: And all the Members of this House, that come to the said Committee, are to have Voices thereat: A-hd the said-Committee is revived: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to fend for Persons, -Papers, and Records: And the said Committee are to take particular Care of that Clause in the Bill; for charging the Country, wkhin Ten Miles of London, to contribute towards the Repairing and Amend-' ing these Highways *, and to peruft the Statute of 321 //. VIII. and other Statutes and Laws made touching the same; and to provide, by the Bill, that such Monies, as shall be raised by Licensing of Hackney Coaches; may life-applied towards the Repairing and Maintaining the Highways and Streets; and to receive any other Proposals or Expedients, that shall be offered for Ease of the People, and leftening the Charge of repairing and amending thd-Highways; and to make such Alterations and Additions to this Bill, as they shall think fit; and to incorporate the Bill for Hackney Coaches into this Bill: And it is. recommended to Mr. Yorke, to take care of this Business; and to fee it expedited.

- . A. Bill for such Persons, as shall supply his Majesty with

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do fend his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to issue out a new Writ, for Election of a Member for Cockermouth, in the Place of Mr. Potter deceased.

Ordered, That Sir Edmund Peirfe and Mr. Clarke be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for Repair of Wells Key is committed.

Ordered, That the Name of John , of Mort-

lack, Tapestryman, be inserted into the Bill for Naturalization.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbati, 150 die Feb, 14° ,

A Bill to confirm a Lease of the King*s-Head Tavern in Chancery-Lane, made by the Lord Bishop of

Ely, for the Term of Forty Years, unto Bar-

bara, and Frances Barker, was this Day read the First time.

And the House taking into Consideration, that it was not in the Power of the said Bishop to grant a Lease for the Term of Forty Years, but only for Twenty-one Years, or Three Lives; and that Mrs. Barker, expecting the Lease to be good, had paid a considerable Fine, and covenanted to new-build the House;

Ordered, That Mr. Ashburneha, Mr. George Clarke, Mr. Goodrich, Sir Solo. Swale, and Sir Hugh Bethell, Five

of the Members of this House, do attend the Lord Bishop of Elye; and desire him, from this House, to make Mrs. Barker a Lease of the said House, called the King's-Head Tavern* for Three Lives: And that his Lordship would take Consideration of the Covenant for new-building the House; and use Mrs. Baker reasonably.

An ingrafted Bill to enable Mr. Okcover to fell Lands to pay his Debts, was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, That the said Bill do pals: And that the Title shall be. An Act to enable Rowland Okeover Esquire to fell certain Lands in the County of Derby.

Ordered, That Mr. Lucas and Oakley be taken into Custody, to answer his Breach of Privilege, in causing Mr. Norfolke, the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to be served with a Subpoena out of Chancery.

Upon Information to this House, That one Thomas Shemonds had caused an Action of Ejectment to be brought, in the Name of one Francis Whitehead, lib feigned Lessee, against one Henry Lyne, his own Eject or; and left a Copy of the Declaration with Thomas Fry, Servant of the Lord

4 ,

r

Newburgh, a Member of this House; to try the Title of certain Lands called Bagshot Park and Lodge, now in the Possession of the Lord Newburgh;

Ordered, That the Consideration of this Matter be referred to Mr. Speaker: And if he find, that the Title of the Lord Newburgh is concerted in the Action brought by the said ‘Thomas Shemonds, as aforesaid, to certify so much to my Lord Chancellor: Who isdefired thereupon to give Order for a Supersedeas to issue, to supersede the said Action: And in the mean time the Attorney for Shorn onds, and the Sheriff of the Cotlnty Where the Lands lie, to have Notice of this Order, that all further Proceedings in the said Action may be forborn.

Sir Robert Brooke reports, from the Committee to which Mr. Copleflone's Bill was committed* Ttjat they had perused the Bill , and found no Defect therein, or Cause to amend the fame.

Resolved, That the said Bill be ingossed.

Sir Edmund Peirfe reports, from the Committee to whom the ingossed Bill, font from the Lords, to enable Sir Anthony Browne to foil Lands for Payment of Debts, was committed. That they had carefully perused the Bill; and found no Defect therein, or Cause of Alteration or Amendments.

Resolved, That this Bill be read the Third time, on Monday next.

A Bill for enabling of Thomas Knollis Esquire to fell the Manor of Bowcombe, for Payment of the Debts of Sir Henry Knollis, deceased, his elder Brother; and for the

raising of Portions for his younger Children; was this Day xead the Second time.

Resolved, That the same be committed to Lord St. John, Sir John Duncombe, Sir Lancelot Sir Thomas

Lee, Sir Henry Worsley, Sir Tho. , Lord Sir

James Smith, Mr. Gawdy, Sir Richard , Sir Henry North, Sir John Holland, Sir Francis , Sir Edm. Peirfe, Sir John Rowfe, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Rigby, hAr. Buck-land, Mr. Harvey, Sir John Goodrich, Mr. Goodrich, Mr* Clarke, Mr Culliford, Mr. To Mr Mr

ley, Colonel Kirkby, Mr. William Sandys, Mr. Dr.

Birkinhead, Colonel Robinson, Sir Tho. Bludworth, Sir Wm. Lowther, Mr. Eyre, Mr. Mr.

Sit Geo. Stonehouse, Mr. Jay, Sir Mr.

V/algrave, Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. Clifford, Mr. Hunger-ford, Sir Edm. Pooley, and all the Members that serve for the County of Southampton: And they are to meet on Monday next, in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber,- at Two of the Clock: And to fond for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Me Rage from the Lords, by Sir Childe and

Sir Toby Woolrich;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you Two Bills, with several Alterations and Amendments to both of them: The one, intituled, A Bill for dividing the Two Hundreds of Dudflon and Kings-Barton, from the County of the

City of Gloucester, and re-uniting them to the County of Gloucester:And the other, A Bill for Endowment of several Churches, by the Lord Viscount Scudamore: And desire the Concurrence of this House to the Alterations and Amendments made to the said Bills.

A Bill for constituting Corporations in the Cities of London and Westminster, and in the several Cities and Counties within the Kingdom of and Dominion of

Wales, and Town of Barwick upon Tweede, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, and for the Preventing of Poor, by the settling of them; and for the better Execution of the Laws against Rogues and Vagabonds; was this Day read the Third time.

And fi)me Amendments, being now agreed to be made therein, were accordingly done at the Clerk's Table: And

The House then Ordered, That it be referred to the Members of this Eloufe that serve for, or are Members of.

the City of London, to prepare, and bring in, a Clause; that may make a Provision for the Corporation of the City of London, of what Number they shall consist, against-Monday Morning.

Resolved, That the further Debate of this Bill be adjourned till Monday Morning, at Nine of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Bill for Chambers, and others, to levy and receive Two thousand Six hundred and Ninety Pounds; out of the Manors, Lands, and Estate of John Hutchinfott Esquire, be read on Thursday next, when the House is full.

Ordered, That all such Members of this House, as serve for Devonshire and Cornewall, be added to the Committee, to which the Petition of the poor Captives of Algiers is referred; and have Voices at that Committee, so far Only as concerns the said Captives.

Upon Information, by my Lord Ancram, that one R& bert Sherborne (who was committed to the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, by Order of the Twentieth of January last, for causing Declarations at Law to be delivered by one George Gofnald, an Attorney, to the Tenatits of certain Lands conveyed by Sir Edward Mansftild to his Lordship, in Trust, thereby to try the Title the said Lands, although he knew his Lordship to be a Member of this House before such Declarations were delivered) had submitted, and given Satisfaction to his Lordship: Who declared, that he was willing the said Sherborhe should be discharged;

Ordered, That the said Robert Sherborne be discharged of his Commitment, paying his Fees.

Then the House, according to an Order of the Four-, teenth Of February inltant, resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the Bill for Toleration of taking Ten Pounds per Cent, upon Loans to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir, R^<?r/ Atkins took the Chair of the Committee.

And after some Debate upon the said Bill, in the Com4 mittee;

Mr. Speaker again took the Chair.

And after much Debate upon the said BUI

The House again resolved into a Committee of the whole House, further to debate the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins again took the Chur.

And after some further Debate upon the said Bill;

Mr. Speaker took the Chair: And

Sir Robert Atkins made Report, That the Committee desired, that the House would again resolve itself into a Committee, on Monday Morning, to proceed in the fur-> ther Debate of the said Bill.

Resolved, upon the Question, That this House will, on Monday Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Debate of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning at Eight of the Clock.

Luna, 170 die Februarii, 14° Car. Regis.

\ Petition of the Inhabitants in the Parishes of Hen-don, Edgware, Great Stanmore, Little Stamore, Kingsbury, Wildfden, Hamfted, Maribone, &c. in the County of Middlesex, touching the Highways, was this Day read.

Ordered, That the same be referred to the Committee, to which the Bill for the Highways in and near London and Westminster, and Parts adjacent, is committed.

An ingossed Bill, sent from the Lords, for enabling Sir Anthony Browne to fell Lands for Payment of Debts, was this Day read the Third time.

4 Z Ordered,

3 66

Journals of the House of Commons. A. i66t.

Ordered, That this House doth aiTent to the Cud Bill.

A Bill ingrossed, Cent from the Lords, for the restoring of Charles Earl of Derby to the Manors of Mould and

Mouldfdale, Hope and Ilcpefdale, in the County of Hint, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, That the same be committed to Dr.

head, Sir John Goodrich, Sir , Colonel

Kirkby, Sir Clement Throgmorton, Sir William Day ley. Sir Thomas Leigh, Mr. Bullen ReaSir Gore, Mr. Crooke, Sir Edmund Pooley, Sir Henry North, Mr. Attorney of the Duchy, Mr. Chelwin Colonel Shackerley, Sir Edmund Peirfe, Sir Robert Howard, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Mr. William Sandys, Sir William Lewes, Colonel GnfjyMr.

Whitley, Sir Charles Berkeley, Six Adrian §ir Wil-

liam Stroud, Sir Gervas Clifton, Six John Norton, Mr.

Musgrave, Mr. Arundell, Mr . Clerke, Colonel

binfon, Mr. Solomon Swale, Colonel Gray, Colonel Windham, Mr. Arundell, Sir William Lowther,y\.x. Scudamore, Sir Robert Holt, Sr Courtney Poole, Colonel Gilby, Sir James Smith, Sir Thomas Allan, Colonel Phillip, Lord Ancram, Mr. Chicheley, Mr. Coventry, Sir Anthony Irby, Sir Robert Atkins, Mr. Lewes, Mr. Mount ague. Sir Edward Moseley, . Sir William Hayward, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Clifford Clifton, Sir John Denham, Mr. Griffith, Lord Gages,. Mr. Churchill, Mr. Cullefard, Lord Bruce, Sir John Hot bam, Mr. Ashbumeham, Mr. Pudsey, Mr. Clifford, Mr. Goring, Mr. Harbord. Lard Richardson, Sir

Philip Muf grave. Sir Richard , Mr. Jaye, Mr.

Trevanion, Mr. Lowther, and all the Knights, Citizens, uni Burgesses, who serve for the Counties of Ckefler and Lane after-, and the Members, of this House that are of the Long Rcbe: And they are to meet in the Exchequer-Chamber Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And they are particularly to consider of the Fraud and Surprize, in hindering the Earl of Derby from purchasing the Manors and Lands in Question: And they are like-wile to t ike into Consideration, the Petition of Sir John

TrevorKnight, Andrew Ellize, and George Twijleton, Purchasers of the Premises.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, for regulating the Making oi Stuffs in Norwich and Norfolke, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Names oi Richard Page, and Page, Sons of Six Richard Page Knight, deceased, being Minors, under Age, and born in be inserted

into the Bill lor Naturalizing.

The House then resumed the Debate upon the Bill for conflitutingCorporations in the Cities of London tninster, and in the several Cities and Counties, within the Kingdom of England, and Dominion of Wales, and Town of Barwickupon Tweed, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, and for the preventing of Poor, by the Settling of them, and for the better Execution of the Laws against: Rogues and Vagabonds.

; And Sir William Tontpfon reports, from the Committee, to which it was referred to bring in a Clause for settling a Corporation apart for the City of London, some Amendments to the Bill; and a Clause for settling the said Corporation: Which were thrice read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

- Refohed, That the said Bill be amended accordingly.-

Which was accordingly done at the Clerk's Table.

A Proviso, touching Soldiers in Garison-Towns, and their Wives and Children, being tendered to be added to the said Bill; and once read,

The Question was put. That the said Proviso be read die Second time:

The House was divided: And

The Yeas went forth.

Mr. Marvill, f Tellers for the Yeas: ? v

Mr. Sandys, £ With the Yeas, j

Tellers for the Noes

les: )

» s

77-

Sir Clifford Clifton,

Colonel Robinson, \ With the Noes,

And so it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Quorum of Twenty be amended, and made Fourteen.

Which was accordingly amended at the Table; and thrice read; ^nd, upon the Question, agreed to.

Resolved, That the Blank left for the Penalty on the Beadle, be filled up, and made Forty Shillings.

Which was done accordingly, at the Clerk's Trble; and after, thrice read; and agreed unto.

Resolved, That "after the First Day of November 1662," be interred into the Clause which concerns the giving AJms at Doors.

Which being accordingly done at the Clerk's Table; and thrice read; was, upon the Question, agreed.to.

A Proviso, on the Behalf of Christ's Hospital, in relation to the Elundred and Twenty poor Children taken into that Hospital, and some other Particulars, was twi.ee read; and after some Amendments made therein, was, upon the Question,. agreed unto.

And the said Proviso, so amended, bang read the Third time.

Resolved, That the said Proviso, so amended, be added to, and made Part of the said Bill.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the Bill, with the Amendments and Proviso agreed to, do pass. '

Resolved, That the Title of the said Bill shall be, An Act for conflicting Corporations in the Cities of London and Westminster, and in the several Cities and Counties within the Kingdom of England, and Dominion of Wales, and Town of Barwick upon Tweed, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor; and for the Preventing of Poor, by the Settling of them; and for the better Execution of the Laws against Rogues and Vagabonds.

And Mr. R. Ashbumeham is to carry up the said Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the House will. Tomorrow at Ten of the Clock, take into Consideration the Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill for confirming the Act of Ministers, and Two otUier publick Arts.

A MefTage from the Lords, by Mr. Justice Mallett and Mr. Baron T\urnor; '

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you an Aifl for reversing the Earl of Strafford's Attainder; wherein they desire your Concurrence.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Fifteenth of this Instant, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed into the further Debate of the Bill for Toleration of taking Ten Pounds per Cent, on Loans to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker again took the Chair: And

Sir Robert. Atkins made Report, That the Committee of the whole House had finished the said Bill; and desired that he might make Report thereof Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Six Robert Atkins do make Report thereof Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Petition and Remonstrance of Jacob Momma, Daniel Demetrius, and Peter /Aw junior, be1 referred to the Grand Committee for Trade.

Ordered, That Mr. Torke be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Highways, in and near London and Westminster, and the Parts adjacent, is committed.

Ordered, That Sir William Lewis and Mr. Bulkeley be added to the Committee, to whom the Bills concerning

the

the great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, is com- condcfcended to a Conference To-rnorrow, at Eleven of mitted. the Clock, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Report from Sir John Committee be made on Wednesday Morning.

And then the House adjourned tiH Tomorrow Morning at Eight of the Clock.

Martis, 18° die Februarii, 14* Car. Regis. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for erecting a Corporation, and regulating Frauds and Abuses in making of Norwich Stuffs, was this Day read the Third time.

A Petition, on the Behalf of the Woolcombers in the County of Norfolke, and City of , and County of the same City, on the Behalf of themselves, and the Hollers of the said Counties and City, was also read.

Some Amendments were made to the said Bill, at the Table \ and, upon the Question, agreed to.

Resolved, That the said Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, do pass.

Resolved, That the Title of the said Bill shall be. An Act for regulating the Making of Stuffs in Norfolke and Norwich: And the Lord Rkhais to carry up the said Bill to the Lords, for their Concurrence.

Amendments, lent from the Lords, to the Bill for dividing the Two Hundreds of Dndfton and Kings-Barton from the County of the City, and restoring them to be Part of the County of Gloucester, were this Day twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

' Resolved, That this House doth assent to the said Amendments: And that the Bill be amended accordingly j and returned to the Lords.

- A Bill for the Repairing of D&ver Harbour was this Day read the Second time.

- Resolved, That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Solli-

citor-General, Mr. Ashbumbam, Mr; Treasurer, Serjeant Charleton, Sir Philip Warwick, Sir Wm. Lowther, Mr. Rigby, Sir Edmund Peirfe, Mr. Wm. Coventry, Dr. Birkenhead, Sir Richard Breames,' Mr. 'Wm. Sir Wm.

Compton, Mr. Jolly, Sir John Duncombe, Mr. Seymour, Sir Thomas Meeres, Mr. Churchill, Mr. Reames, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Comptroller, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Wm. Doyley, Sir Lancelot Lake, Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. Heath, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir George Sonds, Colonel Fretchvile, Mr. Secretary Morrice, Mr. Knight,

Mr. Jones, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. , Mr. Culle-

ford, Mr. Clifford, Sir Wm. Tompson, and all the Members that serve for the Cinque-Ports: And all the Members of this House, that come to the said Committee, are to have Voices thereat: And they are to meet in the Exchequer-Chamber Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Sollicitor-General, Sir Wm. -tier, Serjeant Keeling, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Anthony Irby, Sir John Duncombe, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Thomas Meres, Serjeant Charleton, Sir Rob. , and Mr.

Waller, do withdraw into the Speaker's Chamber; and prepare Reasons to be infilled upon at. die Conference to be had with the Lords, upon the Bill against Quakers.

Mr. Sollicitor reports the Reasons and Inllruftior.s, agreed upon at the Committee, to be infilled upon at the Conference to be had with the Lords, upon the Bill against Quakers.

Resolved, That thist House doth agree to the said Reasons and Instructions: And Sir Robert Howard is to desire a Conference with the Lords, upon the Bill against Quakers.

And Sir Robert Howard made Report, That the Lords

Mr. Secretary Morrice informs the House, That he had Direction from his Majesty, to desire this House, that they would put a Supersedeas to any further Debate upen the Bill for a Permission to such Persons, as should advance Monies for Supply of his Majesty's present Oeca-fions, to take Interest at Ten Pounds per Centum: That his Majesty, finding the Bill might have some ungrateful Reiilh' in it, relieved to put himself upon the greatest Streights, rather than adventure upon any Course, that might in the lead seem to dilguft this House, or prejudice his good Subjects; and, therefore, would endeavour some other Means to supply his present urgent Occasions -, and desired the Bill might be laid aside.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the humble Thanks of this House be returned to his Majesty, for his gracious Message by Mr. Secretary Morrice: And that his Majesty be made acquainted, That this House will leave no Means unattempteu,' to advance his Majesty'j Revenue, and supply his present urgent Occasions.

The House resumed the Debate upon the Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill for confirming an Act concerning Ministers.

Which several Amendments being once read;

Upon the Second reading the First Amendment;

The Question being put, To agree to that Amendment v

It paHcd in the Negative.

And the Second Amendment being tead the Second time;

The Question was put, To agree to the said Amendment j

And it passed in the Negative.

And the Third Amendment being also read the Second time i

And the Question being put. To agree to the said Amendment;

It also passed in the Negative.

Resolved, Th^t a Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Amendments to the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Sollicitor, Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Milward, Mr. Churchill, Lord Bruce, Mr. Serjeant Charleton, Lord Fanshaw, Serjeart Keeling, Dr. Birkenhead, Mr. Cheiwind, Sir Benj. Aylffe, do prepare Reasons and Instructions to be infilled on, at the Conference to be had with the Lords, upon the Amendments sent down to the Bill for Confirming the Act concerning Ministers* with Two other Acts.

A Bill for imposing a Charge on sealed Paper and Parchment was this Day read the First time.

An Addition was tendered to be added, and made Part of the said Bill.

Which being also onCe read *,

Resolved, That the said Addition be added to, and mad« Part of the Bill: And that the Bill, with the said Addition, be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr . Milwardmaking Report, from the Committee appointed to receive Proposals for Advance of the Excise: And Mr. Seymour making an additional Report thereunto

Resolved, upon the Question, That the former Committee, appointed by the Order of the Eighteenth cf January last to take into Consideration such Reasons and Proposals as should be offered to them, for railing and improving the Duty of Excise at the Establishment it is now, do receive such Proposals as shall be offered by the several Members of this House, how the Excise, in the several Counties, by way of Farm, or otherwise, may be advanced to Four hundred thousand Pounds a Year: And that they do consider, how far the Powers for collecting thereof may be enlarged: And all the Members of

36S

Journals of the House of Commons.

this House, that shall come to the said Committee, are to have Voices thereat: And they are to fit die in diem; and to expedite their Report, with all the Speed they can.

The Question being put, For Leave to be given to bring in a Bill, to make the Excise general upon all Beer and Ale;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Sir Wm. Doyley, t Tellers for the Yeas: 7

Mr. Birch, 1 With the Yeas, 3'

Sir Rob. Brooke, f Tellers for the Noes: 7

Mr. Puckering, \ With the Noes, j

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill for preventing Abuses in Gold and Silver Wire, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom Sir Robert Howard's Bill was committed, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Sir Richard , Sir Robert

Sir Richard Malsverer, Captain , and Sir Clement ‘Throgmorton, be added to the Committee to the Bill

for Naturalization.

Mercuriiy J9" die Februar, 140 Regis.

A Bill to prevent Frauds and Abuses in Gold and Copper Wire was this Day read the First time.

The Question being put, That this Bill be read the Second time on Thursday next;

It passed in the Negative.

A Bill, against melting down the Silver Coin of the Nation, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, That this Bill be committed to the same Committee, to which the Bill for preventing Frauds in Gold and Silver Wire is committed.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, against the Wearing of Gold and Silver Lace Button's, Ribbands, or any other Trimmings for Cloaths, of Gold or Silver, and against Gilding of Coaches and Signs; and all Things tile that may waste the Coin of the Kingdom: And it is recommended to Mr. Birch, to care of the Bringing in of this Bill.

And the Question being put, To agree to the lad Amendment; 1

It passed in the Negative.

Refolded, upon the Question, That the said Bill, with the said Amendments agreed to, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Bill for confirming an Afiiirance, made by SirTbomasTehtple, he read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Sir Rich. Onslow,

Mr. Bunckley, Lord Gorge, Sir Allan Broderick, be added

to the Committee, to whom the Bill concerning the Streets and Highways, in and near London and and

Parts adjacent, is committed.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to which Sir John Mounson's Bill was committed, be heard Tomorrow Morning, the first Business.

An ingrafted Bill, for the Reversing the Earl of Strafford his Attainder, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the same be committed to Mr. Greenvile, Lord , Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Sandys, Lord Fanfhaw, Mr. Sir- Robert

Howard, Colonel Reymes, Sir Tho. Si

Clifton, Lord Brereton, Sir Charles Hujfey, Colonel Sendys, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Churchill, Sir Tho. fanfhaw. Sir Allan Apjley, Colonel Strangwayes, Mr. Heath, Sir John Dun-combe, Mr. iValden, Colonel Rigby, Mr. Strangwayes, Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. Arundell, Sir John Sir The.

Widdringtony Mr. Scudamore, Sir Tho. Tompkins, Colonel Kirkby, Mr. Lowther, Colonel Griffith, Sir Rowland Berkley, Mr. Clifford, Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. , Mr. Coventry, Sir Tho. Gowre, Sir John Sir Robert

Bolles, Sir Wm. Hickman, Sir Wm. Lowther, Colonel Legg, Nix. Fane, Sir John Goodrich, Mr. Tayler. Colonel Cuhleford, Mr. Goodrich, Sir Edm Mr. Southcott,

Mr. Chetwind, Sir Thomas Meres, Colonel Gilby, Mr. Long, Mr, Darnell, Mr. Lewes Palmer, and all the Members of this House that serve for the County of York: And they are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber on Thursday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for laying a Charge on sealed Paper and Parchment was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That this Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Ordered, That Mr. Rigby have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in against the Wearing of Foreign Bone-Lace: And Sir Courtney Poole, Mr. Peter Prideaux, and Mr. Sandys, are to take care to bring it in.

Sir John Duncombe reports, from the Committee, to which the Bill for enabling Mr. Thomas Knollys to pay Debts of his Brother Sir Henry Knollys, and to provide for younger Children, was committed, several Amendments to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Which said Amendments, being severally twice read, were, upon the Question, agreed unto.

Resolved, That the said Bill, with the said Amendments so agreed to, be ingrafted.

V

The Lord Bruce reports, from the Committee, to which the Bill for Relief of such Persons as were maimed or necesfitous, that had served the late King, or his now Majesty, was committed, several Amendments to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Which said Amendments, but the last, were, upon the Question, agreed to.

Upon reading of the humble Petition of Ralph son, and divers others, the Tenants to Sir Henry Vane, within the Manors of Roby and Barnard-Castle, in the Bishoprick of Durham;

Ordered, That his Majesty be again humbly moved to give Order, for the present bringing back of Sir Henry Vane and John Lambert, in order to their speedy Tryal: And that Indictments be forthwith preferred against them: And that the Petition of Sir Henry Vane's Tenants be presented to his Majesty: And that his Majesty be desired to take the same into his Princely Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Treasurer, Mr. Mr.

Oneale, and Sir William Lowther, do attend his Majesty with this Order.

Upon reading of a seditious Letter, signed by one John Gregory, and directed to William Johnson, to be communicated to the Lord Lieutenant, the High Constable, and the rest of his Brethren;

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed of the Persons under-named; viz.Lord Falkland, Mr. Churchill, Lord Brereton, Sir John Robinson, Colonel Robinson, Mr. Lewes Palmer, Sir Edmund Peirfe, Sir Thomas Strickland, Sir William Lowther, Mr. Clifford, Lord Bruce - And they are to examine the said Gregory, concerning the said Letter; and what else they shall conceive pertinent thereunto: And they, or any Five of them, are to meet in

the Speaker's Clumber on Friday next, at Two of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, or his Deputy, do bring in Custody the said John Gregory, being now a Prisoner in , to the said

Committee, to be examined: And the Keeper of Newgate is to give Obedience to this Order.

Ordered, That the Petition concerning Iron be committed to Mr. Ashburnham, Mr. Sir Sir Rich. Ford, Sir William Lowther, Sir Thomas

Mr. Pudsey, Sir William Compton, Sir Thomas Strickland,

Mr. Coventry, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Fane, Mr. Strickland, Mr. Onslow, Sir Edward Harley, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Thomas Leigh, Sir John Pelham, Sir Matthew Apple-yard, Sir Lancelot Lake, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Sir Rowland Berkley, Sir John Talbott, Mr. Peckham, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Miainwaring, Mr. Bunckley Mr. Knight, Sir John Brampflon, Mr. Jollijfe, Sir Henry Newton, Mr. Street, Colonel Kirkby, Mr. Puckering, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Lewes Palmer, Mr. Sir John Cor-

riton: And all the Members of this House, that come to the said Committee, are to have Voices thereat: And they are to meet, in this House, on This-day-sevennight, at Two of the Clock *, and to report their Opinions to this House, concerning the Subject-Matter of the Debate upon the said Petition.

Ordered, That this House proceed in the further Debate of the Bill of the Militia Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Eight of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Jovis., 20 ° Februarif 14

Prayers.

QRdered, That the Committee, to which the Bill for V making navigable the Rivers of Stower and Salwerpe is" committed, be revived: And that they do fit this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, at the Place formerly appointed; to receive Propofols, which are agreed on between the Undertakers and the Gentlemen of the Country.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as serve for the Counties of Kent and Surrey, be added to the Committee to which the Bill for Repair of Dover Harbour is committed.

Ordered, That Sir Courtney Poole and Mr. be

joined with Mr. Sandis, to prepare and bring in the Bill against wearing Foreign Bone-Lane.

Upon Information, That the Bill for settling certain Fen Lands, formerly drained by Sir Anthony Thomas, being referred to the same Committee to which the Bill concerning Lindsey Level, and other Fens, in Lincoln-shire, was committed , and those Matters being first in Precedency, and like to take Up much Time; That Committee could not possibly have Time to give Dispatch to the Bill concerning the Lands drained by Sir Anthony Thomas;

Resolved, upon the Question, That the Bill concerning the Fen Lands, drained by Sir Anthony Thomas, be referred to a fried Committee: And that the same be committed to That Committee, to which the Bill for the Level of Ancolnein Lincohfhirewas referred; they having finished

That Bill: And that all the Members that serve for the Counties of Kent and Surrey be added to the Committee.

Sir John Goodrich reports, from the Committee to' which the Bill for Confirmation of certain Decrees of Sewers, made by the Commissioners for the Limits of the Level of the River of Anchin the County of Lin-colne, was committed, several Amendments to be made in, and Provisoes to be added to the Bill: Which, bring

read by the Reporter, with the Coherence, in his Place* were, afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

The said Amendments were severally twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The Proviso, marked with the Letter A, to be added instead of the First Proviso formerly in the Bill, was also twice read.

And the Question being put. To agree with the Committee, for adding this Proviso, instead of the First Proviso formerly in the Bill;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put. To adjourn the Consideration of the rest of the said Provisoes till Tomorrow Morning;

It passed in the Negative.

The Seven next Provisoes, being severally twice read; were, upon the Question, agreed unto.

And a new Proviso bring brought in, to be added, instead of the Proviso reported from the Committee, and marked with the Letter I, was twice read.

And the Question being put, That the Recompence to the Two Towns of Winter ton and Bijkops-Ncrton shall be made out of the whole Five thousand Two hundred and Eighty-seven Acres, mentioned in the Bill;

The same passed in the Negative.

The Question bring put. That this Proviso be added; instead of the Proviso reported by the Committee, marked with the Letter I, and That Proviso withdrawn;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Two other Provisoes, marked K and L, being severally twice read, were, upon the Question, agreed unto.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the Bill, with the Amendments and Provisoes so agreed to, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Bill for Chambers, and others, to receive Two thousand Six hundred and Ninety Pounds out of the Estate of Mr. John be read To-

morrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock.'

The House being this Day informed. That several Actions of Ejedment being brought by one Robert Al-lingham, upon the Demile of Anna and another

by Andrew Gwilliam, upon the Demise of Edward Capell, against several feigned Ejedors, to evid the Possession of the Manor of Ey in the County of Northampton, and certain Lands in Eye and Peterborough, thereto belonging, being the Estate of Henry Williams Esquire, one of the Members of this House; the said Mr. Williams was forced to become Defendant in those Actions, to prevent Judgments which would otherwise have passed against him; and now the Plaintiffs in the said Actions press on to Tryal therein; in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That the Speaker of this House do desire the Lord High Chancellor of England to direct several Writs of Supersedeas to be issued, to stay all further Proceedings at Law in the said several Actions, during the Session' of this present Parliament.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning at Eight of the Clock;

Generis, 2i° Februarif 140 Car.

Prayers;

AN ingrafted Bill, to enable John Copplefion Esquire to fell Lands for Payment of his Debts, and providing for his younger Children, was this Day read the Third time.

The Question being put, That the said Bill shall pass; The House was divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Lord Angler, f Tellers for the Yeas: *)

Sir John Duneomb, \ With the Yeas, j 2I. Colonel Windham, . fTellers for the Noes: 7 , . Colonel Windham, \ With the Noes, y 2

So it passed in the Negative.

A Ordered,

Ordered, That the Knights* Citizens, and Burgesses, for the County of Hereford, be added to the Committee to which Mr. Barnef.ey*s Bill is committed.

An ingossed Bill to enable Thomas Esquire to

fell the Manor of Bowcomb, for Payment of the Debts of Sir Henry Knotty s, his elder Brother, and for raising Portions for his younger Children., was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title of the said Bill shall be. An Act to enable Thomas Knollis Esquire to fell the Manor of comb, for Payment of the Debts of Sir Henry Knottys, his elder Brother, and for raising Portions for his younger Children.

And Sir John Duncomb is to carry up the said Bill to the Lords.

An ingossed Bill to enable Mrs. Clemence Rivers and Mrs. Rose Rivers to fell certain Lands and Houses, for Payment of the Debts of Edward Rivers Esquire, deceased, and provide for his younger Children, was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title thereof shall be. An Act to enable Mrs. Clemence Rivers, and Mrs. Rose , to fell certain Lands and Houses, for Payment of the Debts of - Edward Rivers Esquire, and Provision for his younger Children.

And Sir John T)uncomb is to carry up the said Bill to the Lords.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Thomas Bennett and Dr. Littleton;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to bring you down Two Bills: The one, intituled, An Act to confirm the Sale of certain Lands, sold by Ferdinando late Earl of Huntington, for the Payment of his own and his Father's Debts , to which they desire your Concurrence: And the other, intituled, An Act concerning Matters of Assurance used amongst Merchants; with some Amendments j to which they also desire your Concurrence.

And they have also commanded us to inform you. That they have consented to the Amendments, which you have made to the Bill for making void certain Fines, unduly procured to be levied by Sir Edward , and his Lady.

Ordered, That the Bill for the Regulation and Encouragement of such as lawfully use the Trade of Handicraft Skinners, be read the first Bill Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Thomas Meres reports, from the Committee to which the Bill to enable Sir Robert Dalifon to fell Lands for Payment of his Debts was committed, several Amendments to the said Bill: "Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place j and after, delivered them in at the Clerk's Table: And the same being twice read, were, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Bill, with the Amendments so agreed to, be ingossed.

A Bill for clearing the Passage by Water from London to Bristol, and also to Salisbury, and from thence to fall

into the Sea at Christ-Church, and from Yarmouth to Yorke, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed to Colonel Windham, Mr. Fane, Colonel Reames, Sir Robert , Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Allan Mr. Knight, Sir Cha.

Berkley, Mr. Scudamore, Mr. Heath, Mr. Culleford, Sir Clifford Clifton, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Wm. Stroude, Mr. Wm. Sandys, Mr. Clifford, Mr. Tulfe, Mr. Chetwind, Colonel Sandys, Colonel Phillips, Sir , Sir JVm.

Hickman, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Peckham, Mr. Aldworth, Sir John Dawncy, Sir Hen. Herbert, Sir Hen. Newton, Mr.

Lewes, Sir Richard Oatley, Sir Geo. Stonehouse, Colonel

Robinson, Mr . Geo. Clarke, Colonel Williams, Sir

Maffey, Sir Rowland Berkley, Colonel , Sir

3

Edm.Pooley, Sir John Norton, Mr. Tayler, Sir Hen. North, Mr. Windham, Mr. Gould, Sir Edw. Seymour, Sir Bayn-

ham Throckmorton, Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. Attorney of the Duchy, Mr. Clifford, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Tho. , Sir John Goodrich, Sir Tho. Gowre, and the Knights,

Citizens, and Burgesses, that serve for the Counties of Oxford and Gloucester, or any other Counties through which the Passage is to be cut or cleared, for making the said Rivers navigable, are to be of the Committee: And all other Members of this House, that shall come to the Committee, are to have Voices thereat: And they are to meet in the Exchequer-Chamber Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Atkyns have the Leave of this House to go into, the Country.

Upon Information, that, in the same of the Earl of Derby, Upon his Bill, font from tire Lords, to restore him to certain Manors in Flintshire, there was a Fine levied; and it was so admitted, by his Counftl, at the Committee to which the Bill is referred; but the same is not taken Notice of in the Bill;

Ordered, That the Parties, concerned therein, shall be heard at the Bar of this House: And the Committee, to whom the Bill was committed, are to forbear any further Proceedings therein: And, when the Parties are ready for Hearing, the House, being moved, will appoint a Day for the Hearing thereof.

Ordered, That the Bill for Chambers, and others, to receive Two thousand Six hundred and Ninety Pounds out of the Estate of Mr. Hutchinson, be read To-morrow-Morning.

A Bill for reforming of Abuses, committed in the Weight and false Packing of Butter, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That the same be read again on Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That the Houfo do resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the Advance of the Excise to Four hundred thousand Pounds a Year.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Serjeant Maynard took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker again took the Chair.

And Serjeant Maynard made Report, That the Committee of the whole Houfo had made some Progress in the Debate of the Advance of the Excise j and desired this Houfo might again resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Monday next, to proceed in the further Debate thereof.

Resolved, That this House do resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Monday next, to proceed in the further Debate of the Advance of the Excise to Four hundred thousand Pounds a Year.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Seys, one of the Members of this House, have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

Ordered, That Mr. George Howard, one of the Members of this House, have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

Sabbati, 22 Februa, 14.0 Car.

Prayers.

A Bill for the Regulation and Encouragement of such as lawfully use the Trade of Handicraft Skinners, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read the Second time on Tuesday next.

Amend-

Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the additional Bill concerning Matters of Assurance used amongst Merchants,

O O '

being this Day twice read; and, upon the Question, feve-tally agreed to;

Resolved, That the Bill be accordingly amended) and teturncd back to the Lords.

Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill for the Endowment of several Churches, by the Lord Viscount Scudamore, being this Day twice read; and, upon the Que ilion severally agreed to;

Resolved, That the Bill be accordingly amended; and returned back to the Lords.

Sir William Doyleyreports, from the Committee, to which the Bill for importing of Madder, pure, and unmixed, was committed, an Amendment to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk's And the same being twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to;

Resolved, That the Bill, with the said Amendments fe> agreed to, be ingossed.

Upon Information, That, in the same upon the Bill, lent from the Lords, for restoring of Charles Earl of Derby to the Manors of Hope and Iiopef, Mould and dale, in the County of Flint; which, by Order of this House, made Yesterday, was appointed to be heard at the Bar of this House; both Parties were ready, and would attend the Hearing onTuefday next;

Resolved, That the Parties concerned therein shall be heard at the Bar of this House, on next.

9

Mr. Street reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for making navigable the Rivers of Slower and werpe, in the Counties of Worcester and Stafford, was committed, several Amendments to be made, and Three several Provisoes to be added to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Amendments, being severally twice read, were, upon the Question, agreed to.

The first Proviso being twice read;

Resolved, That this Proviso be agreed to.

The Second Proviso being twice read;

Resolved, That after the Word " ," in the

Seventh Line of the Second Proviso, these Words be added; " the Rates whereof the said Commissioners shall, from time to time, have Power hereby to settle and appoint. "

Which being done, and the Proviso lb amended at the Table;

Resolved, That the said Proviso, so amended, be agreed

to.

The Third Proviso was twice read.

And the Question being put. To agree to the said Proviso;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Proviso, tendered on the Behalf of the County of Warwick, being twice read;

Resolved, That, after the W ord " in the Seventh

I fine of the said Proviso, these Words be added; " the Rates whereof the said Commissioners shall, from time to time, have Power hereby to settle and appoint. "

Which being done, and the Proviso lo amended, at the Table;

Resolved, That the Proviso, so amended, be agreed to.

Resolved, That the said Amendments and Proviso, so amended and agreed to, be read the Third time, on Tuesday Morning next.

A Bill for calling Persons to Account for Monies in their Hands received upon Prizes, Was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be read the Second time, on Monday Morning next, the first Bill.

37*

An ingossed Bill for Chambers, and others, to lev/ and receive Two thousand Nine hundred and Sixty Pounds, out of the Lands of Mr. John was this Day-

read the Third time.

And the Qinftion being pur. That this Bill do pass;

It passed in the Negative.

The House then resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Debate of the Bill for the Militia.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Milward took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker again took the Chair: And

Mr. Milwardmade Report, That the Committee

had made some Progress in the said Debate; and dehred Leave to take into Consideration the Proviso following:

" Provided neverth'defs, and be it Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That, in case of apparent Danger to the pr sent Government, it hi all and may be lawful for his Majesty, at any time or times that the same shall so happen, during the Space of Three Year, from the Twenty-fifth Day of June, in the Year 1CC2, to raise such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be necessary for the defraying of the Charges of the Whole, or such Part of ' the Militia as his Majesty shall find himself obliged to employ, in order to the Quiet and Security of this Nation; the same Sum not exceeding in a

whole Year; and the same to be raised by his Majesty's Lieutenants, or their Deputies, in their respective Counties, according to the Rules and Directions in an Act of this present Parliament for the Raising of Eighteen Mont!i9 Assessment, 'after the Rate of Seventy thousand Pounds per menfem-, as also to continue the Space of Three Years from the aforesaid Twenty-fifth Day of June, and no longer-, any thing in this Act, or in any other, to die contrary not-' withstanding."

Resolved, That, after the Word " Militia," the Word " aforesaid" be inserted in the said Proviso.

Resolved, That the Blank in the Proviso be filled up with " Seventy thousand Pounds. "

Which were done accordingly.

Resolved, That the said Proviso, so amended, be committed to the Committee of the whole House: Who are to examine the Coherence with the Body of the Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to offer a Proviso to the Committee of the whole House, for reimbursing of Constables, and other Officers, what they have laid out for Arms, or Charges of Soldiers.

Resolved, That this House do forthwith resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to resume the Debate of the Bill for the Militia.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Milward took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker again took the Chair: And

Mr. Milward made Report, That the Committee had made some further Progress in the said Bill; and desired, that the House would again resolve itself into a Committee, on Wednesday next, to resume the further Debate of the said Bill.

Resolved, That the House will again resolve itself into1 a Committee, on Wednesday next, to resume the further Debate of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning next, at Eight of the Clock.

Martis, 25 - FebruarU) 14

Prayers.

A Bill for the Regulation and Encouragement of such as lawfully use the Trade of Handicraft Skinners, was this Day read the Second time.

' -Resolved-i

Resolved, That tl'.e fane be committed to Lord Angler,

Sir Lancelot Lake, Sir Roger BSir Tho. Gower, Sir Tho. Leigh, Sir lien. North, Sir Rich. Mr.

Goodrich, M r. Waller, Mr. George, M.r.Chetwind, Sir Clif-

ford Clifton, Mr. Attorney of the Duchy, Mr. Morton, Mr. Steward, l)r. Birkinhcad, Sir Phil. Sir

Benjamin Ay I off, Mr. John Churchill, Colonel Mr.

John Jones, Mr. Dalston, Sir Bainham Throckmorton, Colonel Kirkly, Colonel Rob.Phillips, Mr. Jay, Mr. Street,

Sir Edm, Pooley, Sir Cha. HujfeySir Allen, Sir

bert Gerrard, Mr. Dowdfwell, Sir Rowland Berkley, Mr.

Crouch, Sir Rob. Holt, Colonel Robinson, Mr. Phillips, Sir V/ni. Lcwther, Mr. Westphaling, Sir Adrian Scroope,

Mr. Lewes, Sir James Smith, Mr. Waller, Mr. John Good-rick, Mr. Geo. Clarke, Mr. Tanner, Sir Meres, Mr. Palmer, and all the Members of this House that serve for the City of London: And they are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber, this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue a Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Writ, for Election of a Knight for the County of Somerset, in the Place of Sir John Stowell, who is lately dead.

Ordered, That the Committee for Lindsey Level, to which the Bill concerning the Lands drained by Sir Anthony Thomas was formerly committed, be joined to the Committee to which the said Bill was last committed: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, at the Place where the Committee formerly fat on the Bill for the Level of Ancolne.

A Bill for the Raising of Monies for the Maintenance of Ministers within the Town of King's Lynn, was this Day read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time, on Thursday next.

Ordered, That the Bill for veiling the Lands and Tenements of Cuthbert Marley, in Lackenby, in Richard Barret, Catherine and Arthur Ingram, their Heirs and Assigns, -till they have received certain Monies due unto them, be read the First time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Heath made Report from the Committee, to which the Examination of the Business touching Mr. James Phillips was referred-, and stated the Matter of Fast upon the Evidence: And that the Committee left it to the Judgment of the House.

The Question being put. Whether, upon the Evidence now heard, the House were satisfied, that Mr. James Phillips did give Sentence of Death on Colonel John Gerrard, in the illegal High Court of Justice, by which he was sentenced to Death -, or did Execution,

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Sir Edm. Peirfe,

Sir Gilb. Gerrard,

Lord Angier,

Sir James Smith,

sign the Warrant for his.

f Tellers for the Yeas:

85.

134.

With the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes.*'

, With the Noes,

And so it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Order for suspending the Hearing of the said Mr. Phillips his Cafe, upon his Election at the Committee of Privileges and Elections, be discharged; and also the Order for Sulpension of his Sitting in the House, if any be: And that Mr. Arthur Owen be discharged of his Engagement for Mr. Phillips his Appearance.

This House being informed, that Robert Steward Esquire, one of the Members of this House, was served with a Citation, out of the Prerogative Court, at the Suit of Elizabeth Cross Widow, (concerning the Estate of Erasmus Amy, not administred by Anne Amy Widow, deceased), by one John TaJJ'ell, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, or his Deputy, do apprehend, and take into Custody, the said Elizabeth Cross and TaJJell, to

answer their laid Breach of Privilege.

A Bill for calling Persons to an Account, that have any Monies in their Hands which they received upon Prizes, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, That the same be committed to Mr. Ashburnham, Mr. Wm. Coventry, Sir Baynham Throckmorton, Sir Cha.Harbord, Mr. Secretary Morris, Mr. Vice-Chamberlain, Sir Solomon Swale, Dr. Birkinbead, Sir Fleet-wood, Mr. Prim, Mr. Attorney of the Duchy, Sir Lancelot Lake, Mr. Sollicitor-General, Serjeant Charlton, Lord Fanfhaw, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Winston Churchill, Mr. Phillips, Sir John Goodrich, Mr. Edw. Seymour, Mr. John Churchill, Mr. Clifford, Mr. Mr. Fowell, Sir

Tho. Cary, Lord Brereton, Earl of Aricram, Mr. , Mr. Newton, Mr. Milward, Dr. Burwell, Mr. Jones, Mr.

Morton, Mr. Robinson, Sir Edm. Peirfe, Mr. Chichley, Sir Hen. North, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Harbord, Colonel Fretch-vile. Sir Henry Bennet, Mr. Henry Seymour, Mr. Jones, Sir Allan Apfley, Sir Allen Broderick, Mr. Crook, Mr. Wm.

Sandis, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Wm Lewis, Sir John y.

Sir Wm. Stroud, Sir Geo. Ryve, Sir Courtney Poole, Mr. Palmer, Sir John Robinson, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Chetwind, Sir Robert Holt, Sir Wm. Whitmore, and Mr And they are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber, Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Two of the Clock: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

This House, according to the Orders of the Onc-and-twentiethandTwo-and-twentieth of February instant, taking into Consideration the Matter upon the Bill sent from the Lords, for restoring of the Right Honourable Charles Earl of Derby to the Manors of Hope and Hopefdale, Mould and Mouldfdale, in the County of Flint

The Counsel on both Sides attended.

And the Earl of Derby fitting covered, in a Chair, within the Bar,

And his Counsel having stated his Cafe; the Lord Chief Justice Bridgman, being admitted within the Bar, delivered his Testimony in the Cafe.

And the Purchasers alledging, that the principal Counsel, upon whom they depended, was so engaged at Guildhall, at this time, that he could not attend;

Resolved, upon the Question, That the further Hearing of this Cause be adjourned till Friday next j at which time all Parties are to attend: And Mr. Speaker is to grant his Warrants to any of the Parties that shall desire the fame, for the Summoning of such Witnesses as they shall think fit to produce, then to appear, for to give their Testimony in this Cafe.

The House being this Day informed, that one James Provender, in the Name of one Keen, as his supposed Lessee, by one Robert Morse, as his Attorney, had brought an Action of Trespass and Ejeftmerit against one Robert Tayler, the Tenant in PofiTefiion of certain Lands in the Parish of Minte in the County of Glocester, leased unto him by Mr. George, one of the Members of tills House; to which Action the said Mr. George is enforced to become Defendant, to prevent Judgment, which would otherwise have passed against his laid Tenant, to his Damage , and now prefieth on to go to Tryal, against the said Robert Tayler whereby the Title of the said Mr. George will be concerned in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Provender and Morse be summoned to attend the Cornmittee-of Privileges, to whom it is referred to examine the Breach of Privilege against them; and make Report thereof to this House: And that the Speaker of this House do desire the Lord HighChancellorof England a-Writ of

fedeas to issue out, to superlede the said Action, and Proceedings thereupon: And that the said Provender

his-

his Attorney, Agents, and Sollicitors, do flay all further Proceedings in the said Action.

Ordered, That Peter Recbier, of the Bayle of

Dcftor of Physick, born at Marennes in the Province of Saintonge, and Kingdom of Feldeft Son of Peter Richier Esquire; Sieur De Wandelaincourt, and Doctor in Divinity; be inserted into the ingrossed Bill for Naturalization.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning at Eight of the Clock.

Mercurii, 26 Februarii 140 Car.

f\Rdered, That the Report from the Committee, to which the Bill for establishing certain charitable Uses of Sir Robert Llitcham was committed, be heard Tomorrow.

Upon the humble Petition of the Mayor, Sheriffs, Citizens, and Commonalty of the City of Norwich;

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, for raising of Monies in the City of Norwich, for repairing the Walls, and cleansing the River in the same: And that the same be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill for preventing the Stealing of Plate, Jewels, and Goldsmiths Ware, and also for the Reformation of lundry Inconveniencies in the Goldsmiths Trade, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Serjeant Charlton reports, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Town of Ludlow, That the Committee had considered of the

Petition of Samuel Baldwyn Esquire, against Serjeant Littleton; and that the Question was, touching the Manner of Summons; and whether the Right of Election was in a select Number, of Twelve Aldermen, and Five-and-twenty others of the Common-Council; or in them, and all the Common Burgesses reliant in the Town: And that the Committee was of Opinion, That the Summons, being according to the usual Manner, was good; and that all the Common Burgesses refiant had Right of Election, with the Twelve, and Five-and-twenty; and that Serjeant Littleton had the Majority of Voices; and was duly elected and returned, as a Burgess for the fad Town of Ludlow, and ought to fit in this House.

Resolved, upon the Question, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That the Summons was good; and that all the reliant Common Burgesses of the Town of Ludlow have Right of E left ion, as well as the Twelve, and the Five-and-twenty:; and that Serjeant Littleton had the Majority of Voices *, and was duly elected a Burgess for the said Town of Ludlow, and ought to fit in this House. . ,;

Serjeant Charlton reports, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Town of Camelford, upon the Petition of Mr. Greenvile, That

the Committee, in regard of the Uncertainty of the Petition, were of Opinion, to difinifs the Cause. '

: Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That the Cause, upon the Petition of Mr. vill, be dismissed.

Mr. Steward reports, from the Committee, to which, the Bill for repairing and preserving the Key of Wells in Norfolk was committed, several Amendments to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Which said Amendments, being several.. twice read, were, upon the Question, severally agreed unto.

Resolved, That the said Bill, with the said Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Steward have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

Ordered That Mr. Praid have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

Sir William Lowther reports, from the Committee to which the Bill to make void certain Judgments, and other Securities, obtained from Mr. Scudamore by George and Thomas Colt, The whole Proceedings of the Committee, in the Examination of the Matter touching obtaining the Judgments and Securities; and also several Amendments to be made in the Bill: Which Amendments he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Which laid Amendments being severally twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to;

Resolved, That the said Bill, with the said Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Sir Solomon Swale reports, from the Committee, to which the Bill, sent from the Lords, for reversing of the Earl of Strafford's Attainder, was committed, That the Committee had carefully read the Bill, by Paragraphs; and considered the fame; and found no Cause to make any Amendment or Alteration therein.

Ordered, That the Bill for the better instructing People in their Duty of Allegiance be read Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the Bill for confirming Letters Patents, granted to John Colvett, for making Glass Bottles, and for preventing Frauds therein, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Thomas Littleton reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for Confirming of several Conveyances, made by Sir Robert Howard, was committed, several Amendments to the said Bill; and a Proviso to be added thereto: Which Amendments he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Amendments, being severally twice read, were, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The Question being put, To agree to the Proviso;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put, That the Bill, with the Amendments and Proviso so agreed unto, be ingrossed;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Sir Thomas Littleton, J Tellers for the Yeas: 7 r ' Sir Chichester Wraye, \ With the Yeas, j 4*

Lord Herbert, f Tellers for the Noes: 7

Lord Bruce, \ With the Noes, j'114'

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill for the Reforming and Preventing of sundry Abuses and Deceits in the Making of Serges, £s?c. in the City of Exon, and County of Devon, be read Tomorrow Morning.;

Ordered, That the Bill to confirm the Sale of Lands made by the Earl of Huntingdon be read Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Thomas Ejlcourt and Sir Mundeford Brampfion

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you a Bill, intituled1, An Act for confirming the Estate of John Marquis of Winchester, in certain Manors and Lands whereof the Deeds and Evidences were burnt and loft in the Taking of the Castle of Basing; to which they desire your Concurrence.

Ordered, That this Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

This House then resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to resume the Debate of the Bill for the Militia.

5 B Mr.

Journals of the House of Commons. A. i.66t.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Milward took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker again took the Chair.

And Mr. Milward made Report, That the Committee had made some Progress in the said Bill; and desired, that this House would again resolve itself into a Committee of ‘the whole House, on Friday next, to resume the said Debate.

Resolved, That this House will, on Friday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to resume the further Debate of the Bill for the Militia.

Ordered, That the Persons under-named be added to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; Sir Tho. Gowre, Sir Hen. Felton, Mr. , Mr. Buckland,

Mr. Pud fey, Mr. Matthew , Mr. , Mr.

Oneale, Mr. Tanner, Mr. George, Mr. Warton, Mr. Cofferer, Mr. IVanklyn, Mr. Lewes, Mr. Fox, Sir John Ro-binfon, Mr. Stockdale, Colonel Arundell, Sir Rich.

Mr. Herle, Sir Metcalfe Robinson, Mr. Daniel.

Ordered, That the Bill to prevent Healing of Plate1, Jewels, and Goldsmiths Wares, and for Reformation of sundry Inconveniencies in the Goldsmiths Trade, be read the first Bill Tomorrow Morning.

The Provisoes, tendered to be added to the Bill for making the Rivers of Slower and Salwerpe navigable, which were upon the Question agreed to, and ordered to be ingrossed, being ingrossed accordingly, were this Day read the Third time and, upon the Question, agreed to.

Two other Provisoes, ingrossed, being tendered to be added to the said Bill, were this Day read Three times.

Resolved, upon the Question, That this House doth agree to the said Provisoes.

An ingrossed Bill, lent from the Lords, for reverling the Attainder against the Earl of Strafford, was this Day-read the Third time.

Resolved, upon the Question, Nemine That

this House doth afient to the said Bill.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Widdrtngton have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

Ordered, That Mr. Higgons have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

' 't

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning at Eight of the Clock.

Jovis, 270 Febniarti, 14

Prayers.

A Bill for raising Monies in the City of Norwich, for Repairing of the Walls, and cleansing the River in the fame, was this Day read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time on Monday next.

A Bill for veiling the Lands and Tenements of -pert Morley in Lackenby, in Richard Barret, Katherine and Arthur Ingram, their Heirs and Assigns, till they have received certain Monies due unto them, was this Day read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time on Monday next.

Mr. Ashburnham reports. That, according to the Vote of this House, he and Mr. Clarke had attended the Lord Bishop of Ely; and acquainted him with the Desires of this House, to make Mrs. Barker a Lease of the King's-Head Tavern in Chancery-Lane, for Three Lives; and to take Consideration of the Covenant for new-building the House; and use Mrs. Barker realbnably: And that his Lordship had readily consented to make a Lease for Three Lives to Mrs. Barker, at the Fine agreed to; which was so moderate, that it did not exceed Four Years Value; and therefore there was no Cause to remit any Thing of the Fine, or to mitigate the Covenant for new-building the House with Brick. With which Answer of the Lord Bishop of Ely this House was well satisfied.

An ingrossed Bill, for Confirmation of certain Decrees of Sewers, made by the Commissioners for the Limits of the Level of the River of Ancolne in the County of Lin-colne, was this Day read the Third time.

The Question being put. That the Damages shall Hand* as is appointed, in the Bill;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

ResolvedfThax. the said Bill do pals: And that the Tide thereof shall be. An Act for Confirmation of certain Decrees of Sewers, made by the Commissioners for the Limits of the Level of the River of Ancholne in the County of Lincolne.

And Sir John Goodrich is to carry up the said Bill to the Lords.

A Petition of the Salt-makers of South and North Shields, Sunderland, Blith,&c. in the Counties of Durham and Northumberland, was this Day read.

The Question being put. That this Petition be committed to the Committee of the King's Revenue;

The House was divided.

The Noes went out.

fTellers for the Yeas:1)

\ With the Yeas, J

fTellers for the Noes:7 \ With the Noes, 3

So it passed in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to make a Sub-Committee, in order to this Business, upon the Petition.

Sir Tho. St

Sir Wm.Lowther,

Mr. Trelawny,

Mr. Churchill,

108.

57-

An ingrossed Bill, for the Importing of Madder pur© and unmixed, was this Day read the Third time. Resolved, That the said Bill do pals.

Resolved, That the Title of the said Bill shall be. An Act for the Importing of Madder pure and unmixed. And Sir John Goodrick is to carry up the lame.

Vmeriti 2 8° Feb. 140 Car.

Prayers.

A Bill to prevent Healing of Plate, Jewels, and Goldsmiths Wares, and for Reformation of sundry Inconveniencies in the Goldfiniths Trade, was this Day read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second* time on Monday next.

Mr. George reports, from the Committee to which the Bill to enable Mr. Peck to fell Lands to pay Debts was committed, several Amendments to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

And the same being twice read; and, upon the Second Reading, upon the Question, severally agreed to;

Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed;

Ordered, That the Bill to instruct People in their Duty of Allegiance be read the first Bill otl Monday Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill for settling and veiling Lands upon John Robinson Esquire, and his Heirs, for enabling him to lease other Lands for One-and-twenty Years, be read Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the Bill for settling certain Tythes and Messuages, belonging to the FreerSchooJ of Newport in

the

i^-

the County of Essex, in Feoffees, fot Maintenance of the Clock Tomorrow in the Afternoon i And to lend fof School, be read Tomorrow. Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Question being put. That the Report of Mr. Goodrich, from the Committee to which the Bill concerning Aulnage was committed, be now heard;

The House was divided.

The Noes went out.

Sir Wm.

Mr. Knight

Sir Phil.

Mr. Stricklan

f Tellers for the Noes \ With the Noes, j

2.

f Tellers for the Yeas:-)

\ With the Yeas, j And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

But the Business upon the Bill, sent from the Lords, to restore the Earl of Derby to certain Manors in shire, being, by Order, appointed for this Day; and the Counsel attending;

The Reporter from the Committee, concerning Aulnage, was content to forbear to proceed in the Matter of That Report this Day.

Ordered, That the Report of Mr. Goodrich, from the Committee to which the Bill for Aulnage was committed, shall be heard on Monday next, at Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Bill for reforming of Abuses, com*-mitted in the Weight and false Packing of Butter, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Marshal of the King's Bench do cause James Wainwrightforthwith to be brought to the

Bar of this House, to give his Testimony in the Cause depending, and now at this present in Hearing, upon1 the Bill, sent from the Lords, to restore the Earl of Derby to certain Manors and Lands in Flintshire.

The House then resumed the further Hearing of the Cause upon the ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, to restore the Earl of Derby to the Manors of Hope and Hopefdale, Mould and Mouldfdale, in the County of

And the Counsel, on both Sides, being called in; and several Witnesses called to the Bar, and examined, and cross-examined; and a Letter of the Earl of and

several Articles of Agreement, were read;

Resolved, That the Debate of the Matter upon the said Fill be'adjourned, and taken into further Consideratioil on Tuesday next.

Ordered, That the Bill for Naturalizing of Merchant-Strangers be brought into the House anew , and read twice again; but without paying any new Duties to the House, for such as have already paid the fame.

Ordered, That the Bill for settling a Maintenance on Ministers in Corporate and Market Towns be read on Monday.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for Relief of such Poor, and Maintenance of maimed Odicers and Soldiers, as have faithfully served his Majesty, and his Royal Father, be read the Third time on Monday Morning.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Clarke, Sir Courtney Poole, Mr. Reames, Mr. Kent, Sir' Rowl Mr. Chet-eti'md, Sir Geo. Hungerford, Mr. Mr. Bofcowen,

Mr. Buller, Sir John Denham, Mr. Clarke, be added to the Committee to which the Bill for Handicraft Skinners is committed.

A Bill for Reforming and Preventing of sundry Abuses in the making Serges, Perpetuarias, and other Stuffs, in the County and City of Exon, and in the County of was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Bill be committed to Sir Courtney Poole, Sir* James Smith, Sir Wm. Doyley, Sir John Robinson, Mr. Edw. , Sir Strickland, Mr. Churchill, Mr. Coventry, Sir Fho. Meres, Sir Rich. Ford, Sir Rob.Holt, Mr. Attorney of the Duchy, Colonel Fra; Windham, Sir Fho. Lee, Sir Mr. Pryn, Sir Fheopbilus Biddulph, Sir Clifford Clifton, Colonel Edm. Windham, Sit* Hen. Herbert, Mr. Eger ton. Sir Fho. Stukeley, Mr. Knight, Sir Wm. Mr. Clif-

ford, Sir Wtw. Loiifthet, Mr. Gulleford, Sir John Goodrich, Sir Cha. Berkley, Sir John Holland, Mr. Jones, Sir

Phil. Musgrave, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Hugh Bofcowen, Mr.

Chetwynd, Sir Rich. Browne, Sir Edw. Moseley, ton, Mr. Buller, Sir John Coritah, Sir John Damnty, Mr. Henley, Mr. MakWaring, Mr. Crouch, Sir Wm. Fbdmpson, Sit Wm. Lewes, Mr. Rabtrts, . Mr. Mallets, Sir Fho. Leigh, Sir Francis Clerk, Sir Baynham Fbrockmorten, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Hen. Newton, Mr. Lewes, Mr. Glas-cock, Mr. Ntwfon, ahisPuckering, Mr. Strickland, Mr. Edward Bofcowen, and all the-Knights, Citizens, arid Burgesses, that serve for the Counties of Devon, Somerset, Cornwall, and Kent; And the Committee are hereby empowered to enlarge the Bill to the County of, and particularly to the City of Town of Faun-

ton, or any other Towns that ate concerned in the Trade of making the Stuff* mentioned in the Bill: Arid they are to meet in the Exchequer-Chamber, at Two of the

The Sheriffs of the City of London, accompanied with several Aldermen, and other eminent Citizens, coming to present a Petition from the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common-Council assembled, being called in to the Bar of this House *, the Petition was received; and delivered to Mr. Speaker.

And, the Sheriffs, and those which accompanied them, being withdrawn, the Petition was read.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Petition be again read, and taken into further Debate and Confederation, on Wednesday next.

And the Sheriffs, with the rest of their Company, being then called in, were acquainted with the Resolution of the House therein.

Ordered, That Mr. George and Mr., Wandesford be added to the Committee to which the Lady 3

Bill is committed. 1

Ordered, That Mr. Rofcarrock have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, for making the Rivers of Slower and Salwerpe navigable, with the Amendments and Provisoes agreed to by this House, be read the Third time on Monday next.

His Majesty having communicated his Pleasure to Mr. Speaker, by Mr. Secretary Mortice, That this House should, in a Body, attend his Majesty, at his Court at Whitehall, Tomorrow Morning, at Eight of the Clock; '

Ordered, That this House do, in a Body, attend upon ' Mr. Speaker to his Majesty, at the Time- and Place appointed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morn-- ing, half an Hour after Seven of the Clock.

Sabbati, 10 die Martii> 140 Car.

» ' > r r ..... \

Pa.AVERS. .

M R. Speaker took the Gha^-, and adjourned-the House till Ten of the Clock.

And then Mr. Speaker, with the House, went to attend his Majesty at Whitehall.

Mr. Speaker returned^ with die-Members of the House, about Ten of the Clocks And, having taken the-Chair, reports from his Majesty,

1

hyVi

Journals of the House of Commons.

Resolved, That the humble and hearty Thanks of this House be returned to his Majesty, for his gracious Speech this Day, and his great Expressions of Kindness therein to this House: And Mr. Treasurer, Lord Bruce, Mr. Ashburnham, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Cofferer, Mr. Secretary Morrice, Mr. Oneale, Mr. Vice-Chamberlain, and

Colonel Legg, are desired to attend his Majesty, and return unto him the Thanks of this House.

Resolved, That the Matters of the King's Majesty's Revenue, the Militia, and Highways, be first taken into Consideration, and in Order proceeded in: And that no other Business shall intervene, till these be finished.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, for laying an Imposition upon Chimney-Hearths, towards the Supply of his Majesty's Revenue.

A Bill for laying an Imposition upon Chimney-Hearths, towards the Supply of his Majesty's Revenue, was this Day read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time on Monday next.

The Question being put, To proceed in the Bill for the Militia j

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the House then resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Debate of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Sollicitor-General took the Chair of the Committee.

And Mr. Speaker again took die Chair.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Child and Sir Toby Woolrich,

Mr. Speaker, The Lords do desire a present free Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, concerning the former Conference upon the Bill of Quakers.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said Conference.

And the Messengers being called in,

Mr. Speaker acquainted them. That this House had considered of their Message; and had agreed to the said free Conference.

And the House then going up to attend the said free Conference;

Mr. Sollicitor reported, from the said free Conference, That the Lord Chancellor managed the said free Conference; and had acquainted them, that the Lords had agreed with this House in all Particulars, laving in this Amendment , viz. that, in the First Skin, Twentieth Line, after the Word " present," they desired these Words might be put in, " who maintain, that the Taking of an Oath, in any same whatsoever, although before a lawful Magistrate, is altogether unlawful, and contrary to the Word of God."

Resolved', That this House doth agree to the said new Amendment.

And That new Amendment, and all the former Amendments agreed unto, being read the Third time;

Resolved, That the said Bill be amended accordingly.

Ordered, That Mr. Trelawny have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

Ordered, That Mr. Milward deliver his Papers, which concerned his Reports from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to Sir Thomas that he may report the same to this House.

Ordered, That this House do- daily, at Nine of the Clock, positively forbear to proceed in any Business whatsoever, wherein the House shall be then engaged , and do then resume the Matter of the Revenue, Militia, and Highways, in their Order.

Ordered, That the Bill for Maintenance of Ministers be read on Monday Morning.

Ordered, That all publick Committees, which were discontinued, by the House's not fitting on Monday last, be revived; and fit this Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections do forbear to fit for Three Weeks to come.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee of Trade do fit on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays; and the Grand Committee of Grievances on; for Three Weeks

to come.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee of Trade do bring in a Bill against Exportation of Wool, &c. on Tuesday.

Ordered, That Mr. Churchill have the Leave of this House to give his Testimony at the Lords Bar.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning

at Eight of the Clock.

Lunce, 30 die Mart, 140

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, for Relief and Maintenance of such maimed Soldiers, as have faithfully served his Majesty, or his Royal Father, was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be, An Act

And Sir William Lovother is to carry up this Bill to the Lords.

A Bill for the regulating Abuses in the Packing and Weighing of Butter was this Day read the Second time.

And a Petition of divers Freemen and Inhabitants of the City of London, trading in Butter and Cheese, being* tendered;

Resolved, That the said Bill and Petition be committed to Mr. Jones, Mr. Newport, Sir Lancelot , Sir

Allen, Sir Wm. Lcwther, Sir Solomon , Sir John

Brampfton, Dr. Burwell, Mr. , Mr. Chetwind,

Sir John Tirrell, Sir Rich.Everard, Mr Mr.

Goodrick, Mr. Sandys.Sir Gee.

Sir Tho. Gowre, Sir John RobinfSir James Smith, Sir

Phil. Musgrave, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Henley, Sir Wm. Doy-

ley. Sir Fra. Clarke, Sir Edw. Mcfcley, Sir Cha.

Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. Jolliff, Mr. Kent, Sir Robert,

Sir Adam Browne, Colonel Robinson, Mr. Knight, Mr. Jay, Sir Wm. Thompson, Mr. Dr. Ryfhton, -Sir Theophilus Biddulph, Sir James Langham, Mr.

Sir John Shaw, Mr. Scudamore, Sir Rich. Ford, Sir stopher Musgrave, Sir Rich. Browne, Mr Mr.

Daniell, Lord Ancram, Mr. AshbuSir WmLewes>

Mr. Palmer, Mr. Thomson, Sir Tho. Bludworth, Mr. Tur-

gis, Mn Moore, Mr. Swinfen; and all the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, that serve for the Counties of Suffolke-, Norfolke, and Torke: And all the Members of this House that are Merchants: And they are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Sir John Covert have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.: "

Ordered, That Major Cornwall have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

Ordered, That the Bill for settling a Maintenance on Ministers in Corporate and Market Towns be read Tomorrow Morning.

Mr.

Mr* Ashburnham reports, from the Committee to which

the Bill for calling Persons to an Account for Monies received upon Prizes, was committed, That they had perused the Bill; and found no Cause to make Amendment or Alteration in the Body of it, but only to add Two Provisoes: Which were opened by the Reporter; and after, delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

And the First being twice read, some Amendments were made therein, at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Amendments being also twice read, the said Proviso, so amended, was, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Second Proviso, being twice read, was, upon the Question, agreed unto.

Refolded, upon the Question, That the said Bill, with the Provisoes agreed to, be ihgrofled.

Mr. Speaker did then acquaint the HoiSfe, That he had attended his Majesty: And having craved his Majesty's Pardon for making Report of his Gracious Speech to this House, fearing that his Memory might not l'erve to do his Majesty that full Right which he desired, his Majesty was thereupon graciously pleased to deliver his Speech to him, written all with his own Hand.

Which being read in the House, by Mr. Speaker;

Resolved, That his Majesty's Gracious Speech be entered in the Journal of this House; and that his Majesty be desired to give Leave, that his Speech be printed and published.

And Mr. Ashburnham, of his Majesty's Bed-Chamber, is desired to attend his Majesty with this Address.

And his Majesty's said Gracious Speech was as followeth:

Mr. Speaker, and feentlemfch of the House of Commons;

Tending it necessary to lay fomewhai to you, I thought once of doing it by a Message, which hath been the most usual way: But when I considered, that speaking to you myself with that Plainness and Freedom I use to do, hath more of Kindness in it; and with what Affection you use to receive what I say to you; I resolved to deliver my Message to you myself; and have therefore lent for yoU hither, which hath been frequently done heretofore, though it be the first time I have done io.

t db fptak my Heart to you, when I tell you, that I do believe, that, from the first: Institutions of Parliaments Co this Hour, there was never a House of Commons fuller of Affection and Duty to their King, than you are tome; never any that was more desirous and sollicitous to gratify their King, than you are to oblige me , never a House of Commons in which there were fewer Persons without a full Measure of Zeal for the Honour and Welfare of the King and Country, than there are in This.

The wonderful Alacrity that you shewed at your first 'Coming together, in giving me so liberal a Supply, was an unquesticnsble Instance of this; and, I allure you, made our Neighbours abroad look upon me, and you, with much the more Respect and Esteem; and 1 am persuaded, even broke the Heart of some desperate and seditious Designs at home: In a Word, I know most of your Faces and Names, and can never hope to find better Men in your Places.

You w ill wonder now, after I have willingly made this just Acknowledgment to you, that I should lament, and even complain, that I, and you, and the Kingdom, are yet without that present Fruit and Advantage which we might reasonably promise ourselves from such a Harmony of Affections, and a Unity in Resolutions, to advance the publick Service, and to provide for the Peace and Security of the Kingdom; that you do hot expedite those good Counsels which are necessary for both. I know not how It comes to pats, but for these many Weeks past, even since your last Adjournment, private and particular Btifinels have almost thrust the Consideration of the Publick out of Doors; and, in Truth, I do not know, that you are nearer settling my Revenue, than you were at Chrijimai: I am sure I have communicated my Condition to you.

without ReferVe; what I have coming ill, and what my necessary Disbursements are: And I am exceedingly deceived, if whatsoever you give me, be any otherwise given to me, than to be ifl'ued out for your own Use and Benefit:

Trust me. It shall be so; and, if you consider it well;

!rou will find, that you are the richer by what you giv:; ince it is all to be laid out, that you may enjoy the rest in Peace and Security.

Gentlemen; I need not put you in mind of the rr.ife-rable Effects which have attended the Wants and Ne-ctfliries of the Crown: I need not tell you, that there is a Republical Party still in the Kingdom; which have thfc Courage to promise themselves another Resolution: And, methinks, I should as little need to tell you, that the only Wdy, with God's Blessing, to disappoint their Hopes, and indeed to reduce them from those extravagant Hopes and Desires, is, to let them fee, that you have so provided for the Crown, that it hath wherewithal to support itself, and to secure you; which; I am sure; is all I desire, and desire dnly for your Preservation.

Therefore I do conjure you, by all the Professions of Affection you have made to me, by all the Kindness I know you have for me; after all your Deliberations, betake yourselves to some speedy Resolutions; and settle such a real and substantial Revenue upon me, as may hold some Proportion with the necessary Expencts I am at, for the Peace, and Benefit, and Honour of the Kingdom; that they who look for Troubles at home, may despair of their Wifties; and that our Neighbours Abroad, by seeing that all is well at Home, may have that Esteem and Value cf us, as may secure the Interest and Honour of the Nation, and make the Happiness of this Kingdom, and of this City, once more the Admiration and Envy of the World.

Gentlemen, I hear you are very zealous for the Church, and very sollicitous, and even jealous, that there is not Expedition enough used in that Affair: I thank you for ir, since, I presume, it proceeds from a good Root of Piety and Devotion: But I must tell you, I have the worst Luck in the World; if, after all the Reproaches of being a Papist, whilst I was abroad; I am suspected of being a Prefoyterian now I am come home.

I know you will not take it unkindly, if I tell you, that I am as zealous for the Church of as any of yoti

can be; and am enough acquainted with the Enemies of ir, on all Sides; that I am as much in Love With the Book of Conimon Prayer as you can wish; and have Prejudice enough to those that do not love it; who, I hope, in time. Will be better informed; and change their Minds: And you may be confident, I do as much desire to fee a Uniformity settled, as any amongst you ! I pray; trust me, in that Affair; I premise you to hasten the Dispatch of it, with all covenient Speed; you may rely upon me in it.

I have transmitted the Book of Common Prayer, with those Alterations and Additions which have been pre-‘ fented to me by the Convocation, to the Hdufe of Peers, with my Approbation, that the Act of Uniformity may 'relate to it: So that I presume it wall be fiiortly dispatched there; and when we have done all we can; the wdl set-‘tling that Affair will require great Prudence and Discretion, and the Abferice of all Passion and Precipitation.

1 I will conclude with putting you in mind, that the Season of the Year; the Convenience of your being in the Country, in many respeCb for the Good and Welfare of it (for jrou will find much Tares have been sowed there, in your Absence); the Arrival of my Wife, who I expert some time this Month; and the Necessity of my own being out of Town to meet her* and to flay fomfe time before the comes hither; makes it Very necessary, that thfc Parliament be adjourned before Eajier, to meet again in the Winter: And that it may do so, I pray 1 at aside private Bufinds, that you may, in that time, dil-patch the Publick: And there are few things I reckon shore publick, than your providing for the Security of the Fen-Larids, which I have so often recommended to y®U; and do it now, very earnestly. I pray let no private Ani- SC mofitks

mofities ot Contests endanger a Work of so great a Benefit and Honour to the Nation; but first provide for the Support of the Work, and then let Justice be done for Determination of particular Interests.

The Mention of my Wife's Arrival puts me in mind to desire you to put that Compliment upon her, that her Entrance into the Town maybe with more Decency than the Ways will now suffer it to be: And, to that Purpose, I pray you would quickly pass such Laws as ate before you, in order to the mending those Ways; and that lhe may not find Whitehall surrounded with Water.

I will detain you no longer, but do promise myself great Fruits of this Conversation with you; and that you will justify the'Confidence I have in your Affection, by letting the World fee, that you take my Concernments to Heart, and are ready to do whatsoever I desire for the Peace and Welfare of the Kingdom.

A Bill for laying an Imposition upon Chimney-Hearths was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That this Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House: And that thiS House do resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Brampston took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker again took the Chair: And

Sir John Brampston made Report, that the Committee of the whole House had made some Progress in the Bill: And desired the House would again resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House on next,

to resume the Debate of the said Bill.

Resolved, upon the Question, That this House do, on Wednesday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to resume the Debate of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Committee, to which the Bill for the Streets and Highways, in and near London and Westminster, is committed, have Leave to fit this Afternoon.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning at Eight of the Clock.

Martis, 40 die Ma i40

Prayers.

AN ingossed Bill, sent from the Lords, to confirm the Sale of certain Lands, sold by Ferdinando late Earl of Huntingdon, for the Payment of his own and his Fa-

ther's Debts, was this Day read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read again the Second time, on Friday next.

An ingossed Bill, for tire making void of divers Judgments and Conveyances, obtained from James Scudamore Esquire, by George Colt and Thomas , and their Trustees, was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be. An Act for making -void of divers Judgments and Conveyances, obtained from James Scudamore Esquire, by George Colt and Thomas and their Trustees:. And that Sir William do

carry up this Bill to the Lords , and the Bill for importing Madder, pure and unmixed; and the Bill concerning Matters of Assurance, used anrongst Merchants.

A Bill for increasing the Maintenance of Ministers in Corporate and Market Towns, where their Maintenance is defective, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read the Second time, Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Francis Goodrich reports, from the Committee to which the Bill on the Behalf of Sir Thomas to

confirm a Decree heretofore made in the Exchequer,

several Amendments to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Which said Amendments, being severally twice read, v/ere, upon the Question, agreed unto.

Resolved, That this Bill, with the Amendments agreed Unto, be ingossed.

Ordered, That the Debate of the Matter, upon the ingossed Bill, sent from the Lords, to restore the Earl of Derby to the Manors of Hope and Mould

and Mouldfdale, in Flintshire, be adjourned, and taken into

Consideration, on Friday Morning next, peremptorily.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to which the Bill concerning Aulnage was committed, be heard Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill against tfansporting Wool, and Wool-fells, &c. was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That this BUI be read again, the Second time, on Thursday next.

Ordered, That the Bill for itripofing a Rate on the City of Norwich, for repairing the Walls, and cleansing the River of the said City, be read the Second time. Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to resume the further Debate of the Bill for the Militia.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Francis Goodrich took the Chair.

Mr. Speaker again took the Chair: And

Sir Francis Goodrich made Report, That the Committee of the whole House had finished the Bill j and desired, that a Time might be appointed to make Report thereof; and that no new Provisoes might be received.

Ordered, That the Report thereof be made on Friday next.

Ordered, That Sir John Morton have the Leave of this House to go-into the Country.

Ordered, That Mr. Mallett, Mr. Owen, and Mr. Phillips, be added to the Committee to which the Lady desford's Bill is committed.

Ordered, That the Committee for regulating of Abuses in his Majesty's Customs be revived; and do fit de die in diem: And Sir Nicholas Crispe is added to the said. Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning at Eight of the Clock.

Mercurii 50 die Martii, 140 Car. Regis.

YXRdered, That Sir Tho. Wend, Sir John Marley, Mr. Kent, Sir William Hayward, Mr. Walgrave, Sir Francis Anderson, Mr. Pleydwell, Mr. Reames, be added to the Committee, to which the Bill concerning Mr. Nevill is committed.

A Bill against importing foreign Bonelace, and Embroidery, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read again the Second time, on Friday next.

A Bill to confirm his Majesty's Letters Patents, concerning the Fishing Trade, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, Sec. That this Bill be read the Second time, on Saturday: And that Serjeant Charleton, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Sandys, and Mr. King, do peruse the Bill, and the King's Letters Patents; and supply any Defect they find, in the Bill.

5 Ordered*

Ordered, That Mr. John Gofe and his Wife, and John

Thorner, be discharged of their Commitment to the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms.

Upon Information that Sir Thomas Baronet,

and his Lady, Nicolas BulmerWilliam Lloyd-, Henry Long-vile, Valentine Lane, Mark Lamp ton, John

Matthew Smith, Mary Buggs, Mrs. John

and one Mr. Blunt an Attorney, had, by Force, entered upon, and do still keep, Possession of an House and Lands in Wolverton; and also, another House in Billing in the County of Northampton; cf which Colonel ,a Member of this House, his Tenants or Assigns, were lately in possession; the said Colonel Gray having an Estate therein from Sir Edward Longvile, deceased, and his Lady, in Trust

to pay Debts, and raiie Portions for youngeF Children,

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do apprehend, and take into Custody, the Persons above-named , to answer their Misdemeanor, and Breach of Privilege, in taking and keeping Possession of the Houses and Lands aforesaid, in which Colonel Grey hath an Estate and Interest for the Purposes before expressed.

Ordered, That the Committee, to which the Bill com ceming Bedford Level, in the Fens, was committed, do fit Tomorrow, being Thursday, and on Saturday next in the Afternoon, notwithstanding the Sitting of any other Committee.

The ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, for making navigable the Rivers of Slower and in the Coun-

ties of Worcester and Stafford, with the several Amendments agreed to, was this Day read the Third time.

A Provish tendered, on the Behalf of , was

Three times read.

Refolded, That the said Proviso be agreed to, and made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Natiies of Sir Thomas Sir

John Talbott, Samuel Sandys Esquire, William

Esquire, Henry Townsend Esquire, and Henry Eaatt Gentle-

man, be inserted into the ingrossed Bill, as Commissioners.

Which was done accordingly) and their Names thrice read.

Refohed &c. That the said Bill, with the Amendments

and Provisoes agreed to, do pass: And that the same be sent up to the Lords for their Concurrence.

And Sir John Goodrick is to carry the same tip to the Lords.

Fisher, Mr. Tayler, Mr. Oneale, Mr. , Mr. Evelyn I

And all the Members of this House, that shall come to the said Committee, are to have Voices thereat: And they are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber, Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Bill, prepared by Sir John for regulating the Receipts of the King's Revenue with the least Charge, and for his Majesty's best Advantage, be brought in, and read Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to resume the Debate of the Bill for laying an Imposition upon Chimney-Hearths.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Brampston took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker again took the Chair.

Sir John Brampston made Report, That the Committee had made fume Progress in the further Debate of the said Bill; and desired, that this House might again resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Debate of the said Bill Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House do again resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to resume the further Debate of the said Bill.

A Mefiiige from the Lords, by Sir William Chyld, Sit Toby Wolrich;

The Lords have sent you a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Settling of the Estate of James late Duke of Riclmond and

Lenos, according to Agreement of Charles Duke of Richmond and Lenos, Mary Duchels Dowager of and

Lenos, and the Lady Maryhcv Daughter, and the Trustees of the said Lady Duchess j to which they desire the Com currence of this House.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition touching Iron is committed, have Leave to fif in thi$ House Tomorrow in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Jane and Katharine, the Daughters of Captain Michael Morgan, who were born in Flanders, and are under Age, be inferred into the Bill for Naturaliza- tion.

And then the House adjourned till Eight of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for Increase of the Maintenance of Ministers In Corporate and Market Towns was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Lord Cffory, Serjeant Charleton, Sir Adrian Sir Thomas

Leigh, Sir George Ryve, Dr. Burwell, Sir Rowland Berkley,

Mr. Churchill, Mr. William Sandys, Mr. BunSir John

Nicholas, Sir Clifford Clifton, Sir Henry North, Sir liam Lowther, Colonel Gilby, Mr. Bulteele, Mr. Coventry, Sir Wm. Fleetwood, Mr. Chetwind, Sir George Hunger ford. Sir John Burlace, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Jay, Sir James Lang-ham, Mr. Soliicitor-General, Sir John Duncotnbe, Mr.

Treasuror, Sir John Brampston, Mr. Knight, Mr. Crouch, Sir Thomas Allan, Sir Morrice Berkley, Mr. Robert Crook, Sir Wm. Compton, Sir Thomas StricklandSir

Sir Allan Broderick, Colonel Gray, Sir Courtney Poole, Sir Allan Apjley, Sir William Doyley, Mr. Bifcawen, Mr. Wijiphalin, Sir Edmund Pye, Lord Sir

CapeH, Mr. George, Sir Francis Goodrick, Sir Edmund Pebrfc, Sir Wm. Hickman, Sir Thomas Littleton, Colonel Robinf-n. Colonel Windham, Sir Thomas Meres,- Sir Tho. Gowre, Lord Ancram, Sir John Dawney, Mr. Mount ague.

Sir William Lewes;' Mr. Malle Sir Mufgtave,

Dr. Birkenhead, Pvlr. S-winfein, Sir Smith, Sir Ni-

colas Crisp, Mr. Jones, Mr. Kent, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. AshburnhamSir John , Sir Henry Newton, Sir Richard Ford, Mr. Sir

John Goodrich,'Mr. Lewes, Mr. Mu (grave. Sir Clement

Jovis, 6° Martii) 14

Prayers.

SfRdered, That ali such Members of this House, that V shall come to the Committee, to which the Bill concerning the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, is committed, shall have Voices at the said Committee*

Ordered, That the Committee, to which the Bill for Repair of Bengeworth Bridge is committed, be revived j and do fit on Saturday next.

Ordered, That the Bill fgr Naturalizing be read Tomorrow Morning.

The Question beitig put, That the Order made Yesterday for the Commitment of Sir Thomas and his

Lady, and other Persons therein named, to the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, for a Breach of Privilege objected against them,: shall stand;

The House was divided*

The Noes went out.

Lord Ancram, f Tcllers for th e Yeas: 7 h

Sir Rich. Everard,\ With the Yeas, J 37*

Sir Tho. Strickland, f Tellers for the Noes: 7

Mr. Strickland, \ With the Noes, J 25‘

And fb it was resolved in the Affirmative > That the Order made Yesterday do stand.

A Bill

380 Journals of the House of Commons. . 1661,

A Bill to enable Sir Tho. Baronet to exchange the Lands settled upon his Wife's Marriage, was this Day fead the First rime.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow.

A Bill to confirm an Act of the last Convention, for teftoring the Lord Culpepper to his Estate, was this Day read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill to ered a Court of Confidence for Westminster, and Bills of Mortality, to try Causes under f'oi ty Shillings Value, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read the Second time on Monday next.

Sir Edmund Peirfe reports, from the Committee, to which the Bill for Repairing of Dover Harbour was committed, several Amendments to the said Bill , and a Proviso, with one Amendment thereto, to be added to the Bill Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place and after, delivered in the same at the Clerk's Table. Which laid Amendments and Proviso, being twice read, were, upon the Question, severally agreed unto.

Resolved, upon the Question, That this Bill be re-committed to the former Committee, as touching the Manner and Quantity of the Imposition therein mentioned: And they are to meet, on Saturday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer-Chamber *, and to receive any Proposals that shall be made, by any of the Parties, to the Petition this Day presented, conducing to a more fitting and reasonable Way for the Railing of Money for the Repair of the said Harbour, which this House thinks to be a Work very fit to be done: To which end. Sir Richard Ford and Mr. John Jones have undertaken to give them Notice: And the said Committee are to make their Report herein, with all convenient Speed.

And the House then resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to resume the Debate upon the Bill for laying an Imposition upon Fire-Hearths and Stoves.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Brampjton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker again took the Chair: And

Sir John Brampston made Report, That the Committee had made a f urther Progress in the said Bill; and desired, that this House might again resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Saturday Morning next, to resume the further Debate of the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House do accordingly resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Morn-

ing next, to resume the further Debate of the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Sollicitor-General do, Tomorrow Morning, make Report, from the Committee of the whole House, of the Bill for the Militia.

Upon Complaint, that Mr. Thomas , of St.

Stephens, had made an Assault upon Sir Abraham a Member of this House,

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, or his Deputy, do apprehend, and bring in Custody, the said Mr. Culpeper , to answer his said Breach of Privilege.

Ordered, That Sir John Goodrich make Report, Tomorrow Morning, of the Bill concerning Sir Estate.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

V?neris> 70 Martif 140 Car.

Prayers.

A BILL, sent from the Lords, for settling the Estate of James Duke of Richmond and , according to Agreement of Charles Duke of Richmond and Lenox, and MaryDuchefs Dowager of Richmond and Lenox, and the Lady Mary her Daughter* and the Trustees of the said Duchess, was this Day read the F'irft time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read the Second time on Monday nexti

Ordered, That the Bill, for enabling Sir Thomas Lee Baronet to exchange the Lands settled upon his Wife's Marriage, be read first Tomorrow Morning.

Upon Information to this House, That there being ail Order of the T wentieth of February last, for Mr. Speaker to desire the Lord High Chancellor to direct Writs of Supersedeas, to stay all further Proceedings at Law in several Actions of Ejedment, brought by Robert Ailing-ham, upon the Demise of Anna and another by

Francis Walh, on the Demise of Capell, against

feigned Ejedors, to evid the Possession of the Manor of Ey, and other Lands in Ey and in the County of Northampton, from Henry Williams Esquire, a Member of this House } the said Edward Capell hath, nevertheless, in Contempt of the said Order, and in further Ereach of the Privilege of this House, proceeded against his own Ejeder, and obtained Judgment in the Lid Action, and taken out Execution thereupon, and caused the Tenants of the Premises to attorn and pay their Reno to him

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do apprehend the said Edward Capell , to answer his Mifelemeanor, and Breach of Privilege.

Sir John Goodrich reports, from the Committee, to which the Bill for settling certain Lands of Sir James in Trustees, to fell for Payment of his Debts, was committed, several Amendments to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered in at the Clerk's Table. And the said Amendments, being twice read, were, upon the Question, severally agreed unto.

Resolved, That the said Fill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill, for confirming several Acts therein mentioned, was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be, An Act for confirming several Acts therein mentioned.

And the Lord Angier is to carry up this Bill to the Lords.

An ingrossed Bill, directing the Prosecution of such as are accountable for Prize Goods, was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, That the said Bill do pass: Ar.d that the Title shall be. An Act, directing the Prosecution of such as are accountable for Prize Goods.

And Mr. Ashburnham is to carry up this Bill to the Lords.

A Bill, against exporting Wool and Wool-fells, Mort-ings, Shorlings, Yarn made of Wool, Wool-flocks, Fullers-Earth, and Fulling-Clay, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, That the same be committed to Mr. Treasurer, Serjeant Charlton, Sir Nicolas Crispe, Sir John Shaw, Sir Rich. Ford, Sir Wm.Lowther, Sir John Goodrich, Sir Tho.

Allen, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Clifford Clifton, Mr. Churchill, Mr. Clifford, Mr. John Jones, Mr. Smith, Sir John Brampston, Mr. Geo. Clarke, Colonel Windham, Lord Brereton, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Edw.

-as

Masters, Sir Antb. Irby, Sir John Mr. Sir

Tho. Meres, Mr. Bifcowen, Sir John Sir Ralph Banks, Mr. Sollicitor-General, Sir Phil. Warwick, Mr. Bunkley, Mr. Knight, Sir John Mr.

Afoburnham, Colonel Reames, Sir Leigh, Sir . Herbert, Sir Courtney Poole, Colonel Sam. Sandys, Sir Bainham Throckmorton, Mr. Rob. Crooke, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Clarke, Colonel Gawdy, Colonel Phillips, Sir Hen.

North, Sir John Harrison, Sir Benjamin Mr. Chet-wind. Sir John Rolls, Sir Tho. Sir John Holland,

Dr. Birkinhead, Mr. Ernley, Sir Wm. Lewis, Mr. Pitt, Sir Rich. Onslow, Colonel Strangwaies, Mr. Cornwallis, Sir Fra. Clarke, Sir Fra. GoodriSir John Coryton, Sir Rich. Browne, Colonel Bishop, Sir Tho. Sir

James Smith, Sir Phil: Musgrave, Sir Adrian Scroope, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Rob. Holt, Mr. Crouch, Sir Rich. Temple, Sir Edm. Pooley, Mr. Jay, Sir John Dawney, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Newton, Mr. Strangwaies, Colonel Phillips, Mr. How, Mr. Kent, Sir William Batten, Mr. Gold, I,ord Richardson, Mr. Coventry, Colonel Robinson, Mr. Graham, Sir Edm. Peirfe, Mr. Tanner, Mr. , Dr.

Burwell, Mr. Pryn, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Geo. Sondys, Mr. Tayler, Colonel Gilby, Sir Rich. Oatley, Mr. And

all the Members of this House, that come to the said Committee, are to have Voices thereat: And they are to meet, in the Exchequer-Chamber, Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And they are to consider of a Provision to be made in the Bill, to restrain the bringing or lodging of Wool, at too near Distances to navigable Rivers, except it be of the Growth of the Places within that Distance.

Sir Heneage Finch, his Majesty's Sollicitor-General, reports, from the Committee of the whole House, several Amendments and Additions to the Bill for ordering the Forces in the several Counties of this Kingdom: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and some Provifbes to be added to the said Bill: Which said Amendments, Additions, and Provilbes, he delivered in at the Clerk's Table. And the said Amendments, Additions, and Provisoes, being twice read; and some Alterations and Additions being made to lbme of them, at the Table; were, upon the Question, agreed unto.

And a Proviso, for the Militia of London, being tendered to be added to the said Bill; the same was also twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

And another Proviso, for other Cities, Boroughs, or Towns Corporate, being a County of itself, or to any other Corporation, or Port-Town, who have used and accustomed to be mustered only within their own Precincts, being also tendered to be added to the said Bill -, the same was also twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Bill, with the said Amendments, Additions, and Provisoes, so agreed unto, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Seven a Clock.

Sabbati, 8° Martii, inf Car.

Prayers.

Y"\Rdered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill concerning Leather is committed, be revived; and do lit this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the Place formerly appointed: And Mr. Morrice, Sir Mr. Arthur Owen, Mr. LanghernMr. Six Tho.

.Allen, Mr. Griffith, Mr. Lloyd, are added to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Pryn be added to the Committee appointed for the Captives of Algiers.

A Bill, enabling Sir Thomas Lee Baronet to exchange the Lands settled upon his Wife's Marriage, was this Day ' read the Second time.

Resolved, That the same be committed to Sir Wm.

Lowther, Sir Lancelot Lake, Sir Rich. Colonel

Sandys, Sir Rowland Berkley, Mr. George, Mr.

Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Wm. TirringhSir Geo. Howe, Mr.

Hungerford, Mr. Scudamore, Mr. Morris, Colonel Robinson, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Winflon Churchill, Colonel Gray, Sir Matthew Apple-yard, Mr. John Churchill, Mr. John Jones, Mr. Henley, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Palmer, Sir G Mr. Mr. Bullen Reames, Mr. Lewes, Mr. Crouch, Baron of Kinderton, Sir John Brampflon, Sir Edm. Peirfe, Sir Rich. Ford, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. , Sir Dyke, Sit* Hen. North, and all the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, that serve for the Counties of Bucks, Oxford, Berks, and Bedford: And they are to meet, in the Speaker's Cham- ber, on Monday next, at Two of the Clock irt the After- noon: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill, for the repairing and better preserving the Key of the Port of Wells in the County of Norfolk, was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be. An Act for the repairing and better preserving the Key of the Port of Wells in the County of Norfolk.

An ingrossed Bill, for Naturalizing of Anna Ferrers, and several other Persons named therein, was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be, An Act for Naturalizing of Anna Ferrers, and several other Persons named therein.

An ingrossed Bill, for settling certain Manors and Lands, late of Sir James Enyon's Baronet, on Sir Henry Puckering alias Newton Baronet, and Sir Charles Knight, his surviving Trustees, to fell, for Payment of his Debts, was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be. An Act for settling certain Manors and Lands, late of Sir James Enyon Baronet, on Sir Henry Puckering, alias Newton Baronet, and Sir Charles Aderley Knight, his surviving Trustees, to fell, for Payment of his Debts.

Upon Report, made by the Lord Bruce, from the Committee appointed to receive Proposals for the further Supply of such suffering Persons as had faithfully served his Majesty, or his Royal Father;

Ordered, That his Majesty be attended, and humbly moved to give Leave to this House, to name Commit sioners to dispose and distribute the Threescore thousand Pounds, Part of the Eighteen Months Assessment intended for the Persons that have faithfully served his Majesty's Royal Father, or his Majesty, and that are in most Want! And the Lord Bruce, Mr. John Ashburnham, Colonel Legg, Colonel Arundell, Colonel Sam. Sandis, and Mr.

Clifford, are to attend his Majesty, to receive his Pleasure herein.

Ordered, That all such Reports as are ready to be made, shall be heard on Monday next.

An ingrossed Bill, for confirming a Decree on the Behalf of Thomas Derkm Esquire, and the Improvements, Exchanges, arid Allotments therein mentioned, was this Day read the Third time.

A Proviso tendered* on the JBehalf of Sir Ralph Hare, to be added to the said Bill, being Three times read;

Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Proviso be agreed to, and made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the; Bill and Proviso, agreed to, do pass: And that the Title shall be, An Act for confirming a Decree on the Behalf of Thomas Derham Esquire, and the Improvements, Exchanges, and Allotments therein mentioned.

A Bill for the Raising -of Monies in the City of Norwich, for Repairing of the Walls, and cleansing the River of the fame, was this Day read the Second time.

5 D,

Refched, That the same be committed to Mr. ham, Lord Richardson.Sir Wm. Mr. Mr.

Chetwind, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir John Mr.

more, Sir Rob. Holt, Sir Geo. How, Mr. Morris, Sir John

Rouse, Sir Edm.Pooley, Mr. Geo. Clarke, Mr. Pryn, Sir

Adrian Scroope, Mr. Knight, Mr. Kent, Sir Clifford Clifton, Colonel Sandys, Mr. Henley, Sir John Lowe, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Sollicitor-General, Mr. Jay, Mr. Sir

Solomon Swale, Sir Ttbo.Leigh, Sir Lancelot Lake,

Allen, Sir Edw. Walpoole, Mr. George, Sir

Colonel Robinson, Mr. Smith, Sir Edm. Mr. Geo.

Clarke, Sir Hen.North, Mr. Pullen Reatnes, Mr. Clarke,

Mr. Westphaling, Mr. John Jones, Sir Roger Bradshaigh,

Mr. Clifford, Sir Tho. Dike, Sir Matthew Mr.

Lewes, Colonel Windham, Baron of Kinderton, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Walgrave, Colonel Grey, Sir Rich. Ford, Mr. John

Robinson, Mr. Daniel, Colonel Gilby, Sir Geo. Ryve, Mr, George, Mr. Pryn, Sir Wm. Doyley, Sir John Goodrich, and all the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, that serve for the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk: And they are to meet, in the Exchequer-Chamber, on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And to take care to preserve the Interest of the Dean and Chapter, and the Liberties of Christ-Church; and also the Villages adjacent to the City of Norwich; and to summon and hear all Persons concerned.

A Bill, for the better Charging, Ordering, Bringing in, and Answering of the Revenues of the Crown, and reduce-ing the Receipt of it to the old Way of the Exchequer, read the Eirft time.

Refched, That this Bill be read the Second time on This-day-sevennight.

Upon Information, that the Earl of Ancram, a Member of this House, coming on Thursday Night out of,

was seized upon by one William Middleton, a Constable, and very rudely used; and that the said Middleton did utter many reproachful and scandalous Words against this House, and the Members thereof;

Refolded, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this Eloul'e, or his Deputy, do apprehend the said Middleton, and bring him, in Custody, to the Bar of this House; to answer thisMisdemeanor, and Breach of Privilege, objected against him.

Ordered, That the Lords be minded of the Bill for Sheriffs.

The House resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to relume the Debate of the Bill for laying an Imposition upon Hearths and Stoves.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Brampston took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker again took the Chair: And

Sir John Brampston made Report, from the said Committee, That they Trad finished the Bill; and desired, that a Time might be appointed for to make Report thereof. . .;....

Ordered, That the Bilj for Hearths and Stoves be reported on Monday Morning, at Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Sub-Committee, for considering of the Tables of Fees between the Officers of the Customs and the Merchants, do fit de die in dim -, notwithstanding the Sitting of any Grand Committee, or of the Committee for Customs.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Seven of the Clock.

Lunce, 1 o' die Marin, 140 Car. Regis.

A Petition of Sir Thomas Woodcock was this Day read;

wherein he complains. That he being, by several mean Alignments, interested in a Lease, for Three Lives,

of a Farm, called Strettham in Sussex, belonging to the Bishoprick of Chichester, upon which above One thousand Pounds hath been laid out in Building and Improvement; and that Two of the Lives, in the Lease, died in the Time of the War, and the Third in 1659; and that

he, thereupon, did make Application to the Bishop, as soon as he was in a Capacity, to renew the said I.case; but he refused so to do, and pretends he hath granted the same to his Son;

Ordered, That the same of Sir Thomas Woodcock be recommended, from this House, to his Majesty's Commissioners appointed in this Behalf, to treat between the Lord Bishop of Chichester and Sir Thomas Woodcock, and reconcile and settle the Difference between them, if they can; if not, to report their Opinion therein to this House: And it is also recommended to the said Bishop, from this House, to renew the Release of the Farm in Question, to Sir Thomas Woodcock, at a moderate Rate, according to ancient Use.

A Bill, for recovering the Arrears of Fee-Farm Rents, and other Monies, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That this Bill be read again the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Sir John Brampston reports, from the Committee, to which the Bill for Silk-throwing was committed, several Amendments to be made in the said Bill, and Two Provides to be added thereunto: Which Amendments he read, with the Coherence; and opened the Provides in his Place; and after, delivered the same in, with the Bill, at the Clerk's Table. And the said Amendments and Provides, being severally twice read, were, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Bill, witlu the Amendments and Provides agreed to, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, for confirming the Estate of John Marquis of Winchester in certain Manors and Lands, whereof the Deeds and Evidences were burnt and loft, at the Taking of the Castle of Bazing, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That this Bill be read the Second time on Wednesday next.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, for settling the Estate of James Duke of Richmond and Lenox, according to Agreement of Charles Duke of Richmond and Lenox, Mary Duchess Dowager of Richmond and Lenox, and the Lady Mary her Daughter, and the Trustees of the Lady Duchess, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Graham, Sir Lancelot Lake, Mr. Geo. Clarke, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Knight, Colonel Legg, Mr. Ashburnham. Sir Thomas Leigh, Mr. Clarke, Sir John Talbott, Colonel Shakerley, Mr. Robert Crook, Mr. Sollicitor-General, Sir Allan Broderick, Sir Edmund Pye, Colonel Trelawny, Sir Edmund Peirfe, Mr. Edw. Seymour, Sir Richard Bra-ham, Mr. Prynn, Sir John Robinson, Colonel Phillips, Colo-

nel Windhatu, Mr. Wefphaling, Colonel Reymes, Mr. Seymour, Colonel Oneale, Sir William Fleetwood, Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. King, Sir Thomas Allen, Serjeant Charleton, Sir John Brampston, Sin Clifford Clift on. Sir

morton, Colonel Sandys, Mr. William Sandys, Sir William Lewes, Sir Nicolas Crisp, Colonel Windham, Sir Wray, Lord Angier, Lord Falkland, Sir Charles Berkeley, Sir Richard Ford, Sir Robert Howard, Dr. Burrell, Mr. Jay, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Mallett, Mr. Philip Howard, Mr. Henley, Sir Richard Powell, Sir Thomas Meres, Colonel Phillips, Dr. Birkenhead, Sir Benjamin Ay Ioffe, Lord Bruce, Mr. Clifford, Sir Anthony Irby, Sir Robert Holt, Sir Philip Musgrave, Mr. Morrice, Mr. Jones, Colonel Francis Windham, Mr. Stanley, Colonel Gilby, Sir James Smith, Sir George Fletcher: And they are to meet, in the Speaker's Chamber, Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Tw'o of the Glock: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

‘ " A Bill

A Bill to confirm Letters Patents granted by his Majesty, and to regulate and fittle the Trade of Fishing, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, upon die Question, That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Treasurer, Mr. Serjeant

Mr. Vice-Chamberlain, Mr. Sollicitor-General, Sir Robinson, Sir Bayneham Throgmor Sir Nicolas Mr. Westphaling, Sir James Smith, Sir Ixincelot Lake, Mr.

Churchill, Sir Richard, Ford, Sir Charles Mr.

Bryan, Sir Thomas Allen, Sir Benjamin Ay Ioffe, Mr.

Sir William Smith, Sir Thomas , Colonel

Mr. Che titdud, Colonel Bishop, Mr. Mr.

Sir Courtney Poole, Mr. One ale. Colonel Colonel Trelawny, Mr. Long, Mr. Jay, Sir Richard Onslow, Sir

Henry Bennett, Sir John Packington, Mr. Mr.

Reames, Colonel Robinson, Sir John Sir Clifford Clifton, Sir Shaw, Sir Thomas Leigh, Sir Thomas Meres, Sir Duncombe, Sir Henry North, Colonel Legg, Sir George Ryve, Sir Thomas Dr. Burrell, Mr. Knight, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Clifford, Sir Nicolas Crisp, Sir Richard Browne, Mr. Crouch, Mr. ColFerer, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Chichester Wray, Lord Sir Allan

Apfley, Colonel Strangwayes, Dr. Birkenhead, Sir Allan Broderick, Sir Edmund Pcoley, Sir John Denham, Sir Robert Howard, Mr. Bifcawen, Sir Edmund Pye, Sir Edmund

Peirfe, Sir Maurice Berkley, Colonel Gilby, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Sir John Burlace, Mr Sir Richard

Ty, Mr. Ckicheley, Lord St. John, Mr. Sir An-

thony Irby, Sir Jordan Crofland: And all the Members of this House that come, to have Votes at the Committee: And they are to meet, in the Exchequer-Chamber, at Two of the Clock, Tomorrow in the Afternoon: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And they are to take into Consideration, such Proposals as shall be made touching the Western Fishing of this Kingdom; and to make Provision touching the same in the Bill; or report the fame, and their Opinions, to the House.

Upon reading the Petition of Cozens, Deputy

to the Serjeant at Arms attending this House-, wherein it is informed. That one Game hath lately caused him to be arrested, upon an Outlawry and that he is in Custody thereupon;

Ordered, That the said Cozens be discharged of his Imprisonment, out of the Custody of John Halgate Bailiff, who arrested him in Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, That the Business touching the Highways be resumed, and taken into Consideration on Thursday next.

Sir John Brampfton made Report, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for laying an Imposition upon Hearths was committed, several Amendments to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place: And several Additions and Provisoes to be added thereunto: Which he also read; and afterwards, delivered in the said Amendments, Additions, and Provisoes, together with the Bill, at the Clerk's Table: Which said Amendments, being severally twice read, were, upon the Question, agreed unto. And the said Additions and Provisoes brought in, being read Paragraph by Paragraph, after some small Amendments made therein, were severally agreed unto.

And another Proviso being tendered to be added to the said Bill -, the same was twice read.

Resolved, That the Certificate therein mentioned shall not be made upon Oath.

And thereupon the said Provision was rectified in those Parts of the said Proviso, which related thereunto; and those Amendments, upon the Question, agreed unto.

And the Question being put. That the Words "Twenty Shillings do stand in the said Proviso;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went forth,

Sir Rich. Temple, f Tellers for the Noes, >

Colonel Strangewaies,£ With the Noes, j 9

Lord St. John, f Tellers for the Yeas: ")

Mr. Fretchvile, \ With the Yeas,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the said Proviso, so amended, be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the said Bill, with the said Amendments, Additions, and Provisoes, fb agreed to, beingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, at Eight of the Clock.

Mat TiSj 110 Mart ity140 Car.

Prayers.

f\Rdered, That the Committee, to which the Bill for making Three Rivers therein mentioned navigable was committed, be revived; and that they do fit, at the Place appointed, this Afternoon: And Mr. Long, Mr. Wyndham, and Mr. Bunckley, are added to the said Committee.

A Bill against the Wearing and Importing of Foreign Bonelace, &c. was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed to Sir Courtney Poole, Mr Jones, Sir Rich. FoMr. Knight, Mr. Clifford, Sir Clifford Clifton, Mr. Smith, Sir Lan. Lake, Mr. Palmer, Lord Ancram, Mr. Spencer, Colonel Windham, Mr. Culleford, Sir John Roll, Mr. Daniel!, Sir James

Smith, Sir John Robinson, Mr. Bunkley, Mr. Mount ague, Mr. Geo. Clarke, Sir Tho.Allen, Sir Rob. Brook, Sir Maffey, Mr. Morris, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Mr.

Sandis, Sir Edm. Pye, Sir James Mr.

Colonel Robinson, Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. Henley, Mr. Churchill, Mr. Bofcowcn, Alderman Fowke, Mr.

Mr. Gold, Mr. Butter, and all the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, that serve for the several Counties of Devon, Dorset, Bucks, Somerset, and Wilts: And they are to meet. Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer-Chamber: And to fend for Persons^ Papers, and Records.

A Bill for Prevention of the Stealing of Plate, Jewels, and Goldsmiths Wares-, and also for the Reformation of sundry Inconveniencies in the Goldsmiths Trade; was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed to Sir Tho. Allen, Sir James Smith, Sir John Brampfton, Sir John Robinson, Sir Tho. Leigh, Sir Rich. Ford, Mr. John bam, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Palmer, Sir Cha. Berkley, Mr. Jones, Sir Rob. Brook, Mr. Smith, Mr. Bunckley, Mr. Knight, Mr. Sollicitor-General, Sir John Duncombe, Mr. Geo. Clarke, Mr. Morris, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Wm. Smith, Mr. Chetwind, Mr. Henley, Mr. Weflpbaling, Mr. Culleford, Sir Hen. Bennett, Sir Rob. Holt, Sir Tho. Gower, Colonel Windham, Sir Phil. Musgrave, Tvc James Langham, Colonel Legg, Sir Rich. Onslow, Sir Tho. Bludwcrth, Sir Wm. Tirringham, Mr. Crouch, Lord Bruce, Mr. Scot, Sir John Burlafe, Colonel Fra. Windham, Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. Ellyot, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Manwartng, Mr. Mctin-tague. Sir Rich. Browne, Sir Rowland Berkley, Mr. Taylor, Sir Hen. North, Sir Tho. Strickland, Colonel Robinson, Mr. Churchill, Sir Edw. Maffey, Lord Ancram, Mr. Crooke, Dr. Birkinhead, Colonel Bishop, Sir Clifford Clifton, Mr. Spencer, Sir Ant h.Irby, Sir Hugh Bet hell, Mr. Daniel!,

Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Edm. Pooley, Mr. Hyde, Mr. Hobby, Sir John Low, Mr. John Churchill, Mr. Musgrave, Sir Wm. Tompson, Sir Tho. Meres: And they are to meet, in the Speaker's Chamber, at Two of the Clock, Tomorrow in the Afternoon; and to fend for and inspeeft the Charter of the Company of Goldsmiths-, and report to the House, how they find the same -, and to summon and hear all Persons concerned: And to fend for Papers and Records.

A Proviso was tendered to be added to the Bill, for Customs for Imposition of a Rate upon Sea Coals to be exported from Sunderland.

The

CW

The Question being put, That the Proviso for an Imposition of the same Custom and Rate upon Sunderland Coals to his Majesty that is paid for Coals, be

referred to the Committee, to which the Bill for regulating and settling his Majesty's Customs is committed; to examine and report the Matter of Fad to this House;

The House was divided.

The Noes went forth.

Sir John Mar ley, f Tellers for the Yeas: 7 ,

Sir Tho. Gower, \ With the Yeas, j Mr. Jones, f Tellers for the Noes: r

Mr Knight, \ With the Noes, J GI*

And lb it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Report was this Day made by Mr. John Ashburnham, That he had attended his Majesty upon the Order of this House, of the Eighth of this Month: And that his Majesty had not only readily consented to give Leave, that this House should name Commissioners to distribute the Threescore thousand Pounds designed for such suffering Persons as faithfully served his Majesty, or his Royal Father; but also gave the House hearty Thanks for this Motion; and declared, that this Threescore thousand Pounds was intended by his Majesty, to such of the Loyal Party that had not, since his Majesty's Restauration, received any Reparation or Supply otherwise, and were in moll Want.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee appointed to receive Proposals for the further Supply of such suffering Persons as had faithfully served his Majesty, or his Royal Father, to propose Commissioners to this House for the Distribution of the Threescore thousand Pounds, Part of the Eighteen Months Assessment, among!!: the said Loyal Party; and to prepare and draw up Instructions for the said Commissioners to act by, and for the distinguishing what Persons are fitted to share in the Distribution of the said Monies.

A Bill for settling Commissioners to try Causes and Actions within Westminster, S and Bills of Mor-

tality, and liberties and Precincts thereof, was this Day read the Second time.

The Question being put. That this Bill be committed; The House was divided.

The Noes went out.

Mr . Bunk ley, ( Tellers for the Yeas:

Sir John Goodrich, \ With the Yeas, $ 97-Sir Solomon Swale, f Tellers for the Noes: 7 Sir Edm. Peirfe,\ With the Noes, j So it was resolved in the Affirmative, That the said Bill be committed to Sir John Robinson, Sir Rich. Browne, Mr. Jones, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Fane, Mr. Crouch, Sir Tho. Leigh, Mr. Winston Churchill, Dr. Mr.

Gawdy, Sir Hen. North, Mr. Geo. Clarke, Sir Goodrich, Sir Geo. Ryve, Mr. Knight, Colonel Fra. Windham, Mr. Culleford, Mr. Cornwallis, Mr. Jonathan Sir Allan Apfley, Sir Edm. Rye, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir

Crijp, Sir Rich. Ford, Mr. Bunkley, Sir Tho. Allen, Mr. Bullen Reames, Sir James Smith, Sir John Brampjton, Mr. Wm. Coventry, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Clifford, Sir Tho. Smith, Sir Edm. Pooley, Sir Wm. Fleetwood, Sir Rob. BoV.es, Mr. How, Mr. Bishop, Mr. Slrangewaies, Sir Cha. Harbord, Colonel Giiby, Mr. One ale. Colonel Robinson, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Tho. Woodcock, Colonel Edm. Windham, Sir Clifford Clifton, Mr. Smith, Sir Bain-ham Throckmorton, Sir Geo. Ryve, Mr. Newport, Mr. Mountague, Sir Wm. Tompson, Serjeant Charlton, Colonel Leg, Sir Fra. Goodrick, Sir John Dawney, Sir Tho. Blud-worth, Mr. Buller, Sir Hen. Bennet, Mr. Morris, Mr. King, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Sir Edw. Masters, Mr.

Mr. Graham, Mr. Manwaring, Mr. Swinfen, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Ashburnham, Mr. Jay, Mr. Buller, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Tanner, Mr. Roberts:And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Star-Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And to consider of, and propose, some Means

for the Ease of poor People; and to prevent vexatious Suits.

Ordered, That Mr. Culpeper be discharged of his Commitment to the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms; paying his Fees.

The ingrafted Bill, for ordering the Forces in the several Counties of this Kingdom, was this Day read the Third time.

A Proviso was tendered to be added to the said Bill: Which being twice read, and some Amendments agreed to be made therein; the same was accordingly done at the Clerk's Table. And the said Proviso, lb amended, being read die Third time, was, upon the Question, agreed unto; and ordered to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the further Debate of the said Bill be adjourned, till Thursday Morning next; and be then resumed, at Nine of the Clock.

Resolved, That the ingrafted Bill, for laying an Imposition upon Hearths and Stoves, be read Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 1 2° die Martii, 14.0 Car.

Prayers.

A BILL, for settling certain Lands, belonging unto Francis Tyndall Gentleman, upon Trustees, to be loki, for Payment of Debts, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Palmer, Sir Rob. Brooke, Mr. , Mr. Reymes,

Mr. Jay, Colonel Giiby, Sir Tho. Gower, Mr. Clifford, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Smith, Dr. Burwell, Mr. Musgrave, Sir

John Norton, Mr. Scott, Mr. Knight, Sir Gilb. Ireland, Sir Tho. Allen, Mr. Jones, Mr. John Robinson, Mr.

Colonel Sandys, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Onslow, Mr. James, Mr. Onslow, Sir Clifford Clifton, Mr. Chetwind, Sir John Brampflon, Sir John Shaw, Mr. Crouch, Sir Wm.

Compton, Sir Tho. Leigh, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Edm. Peirfe, Sir Tho. Dyke, Mr. Kent, Sir Hum. Bennett, Mr. Moore, and all the Members of this House that serve for the several Counties of Lincolne, Nottingham, and Yorkshire: And they are to meet, in the Speaker's Chamber, Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and to summon and hear all Parties concerned, as they shall see Cause.

Sir John Brampflon reports, from the Committee, to which the Bill for enabling Mr. Nevill to fell Lands, for Payment of Debts, was committed, several Amendments to be made, and a Proviso to be added to the said Bill: Which Amendments he read, with the Coherence, and opened the Proviso, in his Place and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

And the Amendments and Proviso being twice read, and, upon the Question, severally agreed to;

Resolved, That the said Bill, with the Amendments and Proviso agreed to, be ingrafted.

Mr. Mountague reports, from the Committee, to which the Bill for the Regulation and Government of Common Fields was committed, several Amendments to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered in the same at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Amendments being twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to;

Resolved, That the said Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrafted.

An Act, for confirming an Act for restoring the Lord Culpeper to' his Lands and Estate, was this Day read the

Second

Second time. And no Exception taken thereto, nor Motion for Commitment thereof;

Resolved, Upon the Question, That the said Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Bill, touching the River Wye, be read the First Bill Tomorrow Morning. ' '; 1

Ordered, That the Report from the-Committee, to which the Matter touching Iron was committed* shall be heard on Friday Morning. . /

Resolved, That this House will peremptorily, on Friday next, proceed in the Debate and Determination of the Cause upon the ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, to restore the Earl of Derby to certain Manors in Flintshire.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, for confirming the Estate of John Marquis oi Winchester in certain Manors arid Lands, whereof the Deeds and Evidences were burnt and loft at the Taking of the Castle of was this Day-

read the Second time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed to the same Committee, to which the Bill, sent, from the Lords, to settle the Estate of the Duke of Richmond, was committed And all the Members that fence for the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, are added to the said Committee: And they are to meet, at Two of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Report of Mr. Knight, from the Grand Committee of Trade, be heard on Friday next.

Ordered, That the Committee, to which the Bill concerning Butter was committed, be revived; and to meet this Afternoon, at the Place formerly appointed.

Ordered, That the Report, from the Committee, to which the Bill for settling certain charitable Uses of Sir Robert Hitcham was committed, be heard Tomorrow, if the Time will serve.

The ingrossed Bill, for laying an Imposition on Hearths and Stoves, was this Day read the Third time.

A Proviso being tendered to be added to the Bill, to make the Imposition Temporary;

The Question Was put. That the said Proviso be read;

And passed in the Negative.

Another Proviso being tendered, in these Words;

" Provided, and be it allb Enabled, by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, shall, at any time hereafter, procure or accept of, from the King's Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, any Pension, Gift, or Grant, for Years, Life, or any other Estate, or any Sum or Sums of Money out of the Revenue arising by virtue of this Act, that then such Person, or Body Politick or Corporate, procuring or accepting the fame, shall forfeit double the Value of such Pension, Gift, or Grant; the one Moiety of which Forfeiture shall be to the Use of the Poor of the Parish or Parishes, where the said Offenders be or inhabit, to be recovered by the Churchwardens -, the other Moiety to him that will foe for the same by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information;"

The same was thrice read.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Proviso be agreed to, and made Part of the Bill.

Another Proviso being tendered to be added to the said Bill, in these Words;

" Provided, That this Act, or any thing herein contained, shall not extend to charge any Oven within any of the Houses hereby charged, nor any Hearth or Stove within the Scite of any Hospital or Alms-house for the Relief of poor People, whose Endowment and Revenue doth not exceed, in trueValue, the SumofOne hundred Poundsby the Year;"

The same was twice read.

Resolved, That the Word " private " be inserted in the Proviso, before the Word " Ovens."

f The Question being put. That all Blowing-Houses and Stampsbe discharged;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put. That all Furnaces be discharged;

It was resolved in the Affirmative. \ -

The Question being put, That all Kilns be discharged;

R was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Proviso,. being amended accordingly at the Table, was, upon the Question, agreed to.

Resolved, That the said Proviso, amended and agreed to, be added, and made Part of the Bill. " .<

y Resolved, upon the Question, That these Words, " and the Hqufe is hereby discharged for that Year," be inserted into the Bill. t,

Which was done; and the Bill amended accordingly; ami die Words inserted thrice read. ?. .,.

Another Proviso, being in these" Words following; " Provided, That the Duties hereby charged shall be' charged only on the Occupier for the Tingie bfing of fochi Hearth or Stove, dwelling; in fuc^i House where to such Hearth or Stove shall be belonging, his Executors or Administrators, and not on the Landlord who lett or demised the fiope, his.Heirs* Executors, or Assigns was tendered, and twice read.

Resolved, That the Words " Payments and " be inserted into the said Proviso, before the Word " Duties.*' And the said Amendment being thrice read;

Arrd the said Proviso, being again read; was, upon the Question, agreed unto. .

And the said Proviso, so amended, was ordered to be added to, and made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, upon the Question, That these Words, " and the Duty levied within Five Years," be inserted in the Bill.

Which Words Were inserted accordingly at the Clerk's Table; and, being thrice read, were, upon the Question, agreed unto.

Another Proviso, being as followeth; " Provided also, That no Person or Persons, indebted for any the Duties, aforesaid, shall thereby be privileged as a Debtor or Debtors to' his Majesty, his Heirs, or Successors, to foe any Person or Persons in the Court of Exchequer, or to-assign any Debt to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, towards Satisfaction of the lame;" was thrice read.

Resolved, upon the Question, That this Proviso be made Part of the Bill.

Which said Provisoes being accordingly added, and made Part of the Bill;

Resolved, That the Bill, with the said Amendments and Provisoes so agreed to, do pass: And that the Title shall be. An Act for establishing an additional Revenue upon his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the better Support of his and their Crown and Dignity.

And Sir Courtney Poole is to carry up the Bill to the Lords.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

JovtSf 130 die Martii, 14 Regis.

Prayers.;

A BILL, for settling the charitable Uses upon the Will of Henry Hilton Esquire, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That this Bill be read the Second time, the First Bill Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do receive the further Report from the Sub-Committee by them appointed, touching the Abuses in the heavy Dying of Silk, at their Sitting Tomorrow in the Afternoon; and proceed therein.

Sir William Doyleyreports, That Sir Baynham Throgmorton, Himself, and Sir William , had, according

> 5 E ' -.....- to

3 86 Journals of the House of Commons. 1661.

to the Order of this House, attended the Lord High &c. That the said Proviso be rejected, and

Treasurer of England, in relation to the Matter concerning laid aside.

the Forest of Dean, recommended by this House to his: A Proviso touching the Hamlets of the Tower was LOrdship: And that his Lordship had been pleased to thrice read.

return his Report therein in Writing: Which he brought That the said Proviso be added to, and made

up, and delivered in at the Clerk's Table. Part of the Bill.

A Proviso for Soldiers not to be compelled to tnarch out A Bill for settling and maintaining the Navigation of of the Kingdom, contrarytotheLaw, wasThreetirnesread. the River Wey was this Day read the First rime. Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said Ph*

Resolved,&c. That this Bill be read again the Second viso: And that the same be made Part of the Bill, time on Saturday next. The Question being put. That the Words " Three

Years " beinferted in the Proviso for London;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to which the Bill concerning his Majesty's Customs was committed, be heard the first Business Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report, from the Committee, touching Dover Pier, be heard Tomorrow.

The House then resumed the Matter upon the ingrossed Bill, for the ordering the Forces in the several Counties of this Kingdom.

Another Proviso was tendered to be added to the Bill. And the Question being put. That the said Proviso be' read j

The House was divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Sir James Langham, f Tellers for the Yeas: "5 Sir Thomas Lee, \ With the Yeas, $ 5

Sir John Duncombe, f Tellers for the Noes: 7 z-Str John Talbott, \ With the Noes, j'1‘

And lb it paired in the Negative.

Another Proviso was tendered and read, for administring an Oath to the Officers of the Militia.

The Question being put, That the said Proviso be re-jested, and laid aside;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Proviso tendered, touching the Ordering and Drfpofing of the Forces of the City of And the

£mie being once read

Alderman Fowke, one of the Burgesses for the City of London, Handing up to (peak in Behalf of the Proviso; and, under that Pretence, digressing into a long Speech against the whole Substance of the former Proviso, in the Bill concerning the Forces of the City of London; and having therein let fall several factious and dangerous Ex-prelfions, tending to blemish the Honour and Justice of this House, and their Proceedings , and pretending he had Direction from the City for bringing in the Proviso;

But it being informed, that the said Alderman had folli-cited and endeavoured to incense the City, and beget in them an ill Opinion of the Proceedings of the House *, and that the Proviso was contrary to the Judgment, and without the Direction, of the City;

And the Alderman having heard some of the Expressions, by him uttered, read unto him; and endeavouring to explain himself, but without Satisfaction, to the House, as to several of the Particulars;

And being, by Order, withdrawn;

The Question being put. That Alderman Fowke be called in; and do receive a severe Represension from this House i

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put, That Alderman Fowke do teceive this Represension in his Place -,

.It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, That he do receive a severe Represension at the Bar;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put, That from the Bar he be sent to the ‘tower of London -,

It passed in the Negative.

And the said Alderman being accordingly brought to the Bar and being upon his Knees; Mr. Speaker gave him a grave and severe Represension for his Miscarriages: And fb he was dismissed into his Place.

The Proviso concerning the City of London being read the Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Parenthesis of Notice be omitted in the Bill.

Which was accordingly done at the Clerk's Table.

Another Proviso was tendered.

Resolved, That the same be laid aside.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Bill, ib: amended, and with the Provisoes agreed to be made Part thereof, do pals.

Resolved, That the Title of the said Bill ftull be. An Act for ordering the Forces in the several Counties of this' Kingdom.

And Sir William Compton is to carry up the said Bill to the Lords.

Resolved, That all Committees, which were to meet this Afternoon, be adjourned; and lit Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, at the Places formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned till Eight of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Veneris, 14 0 Mar i 14

Prayers.

A BILL for the settling certain charitable Uses upon the Will of Henry Hilton Esquire, deceased, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Sollicitor-General, Sir,

Mr. Pryn, Sir Lancelot Lake, Sir Tho. , Mr.

Strickland, Sir John Marley, Colonel Grey, Sir Phil. Muf-grave, Sir Jordan Crofland, Sir Gower, Mr. Knight, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Tho. Dike, Dr. Sir Fra.

Vincent, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Wefip, Mr. , Sir Nic. Crisp, Serjeant Maynard, Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. Onslow, Sir John Goodrich, Sir Sir Wm.

Lowther, Sir Fra. Anderson, Sir Hen. Widdrington, Mr. Scot, Dr. Burwell, Colonel Ki, Sir Hen. North, Mr.

Chetwind, Sir Rob. Holt, Colonel Reymes, Sir Gilb. Gerrard, Mr. Ellyot, Sir John Robinson, Mr.

Colonel Windham, Sir Edm. Peirfe, Sir Tho. Gower, Lord Ancram, Colonel Robinson, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Sandis, Sir Wm. Tirringham, Sir Tho. Stewkley, Lord Angier, Mr. Henley, Sir John Lowe, Mr. , Mr.

Coventry, Sir Edw. Maffey, Mr. Culleford, Mr. Knight, Colonel Birch, Sir Edm. Pooley, Mr. Mr. Jones,

Sir John Norton, Mr. Clifford, Mr. Daniel, Sir New-

ton, alias Puckering, Mr. Tayle, and all the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, that serve for the several Counties of Torke, Sussex, Surrey, Wilts, and the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne: And they are to meet, in the Speaker's Chamber, at Two of the Clock, Tomorrow in the Afternoon j and to peruse the Will of the said Henry Hilton; and to fomition and hear all Parties concerned: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, to confirm the Sale of certain Lands sold by Ferdinando Earl of Huntington, for Payment of his own and his Father's Debts, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Graham, Sive Lancelot Lake, Sir Mr. Pryn,

x Mr.

*4 Car. II. Journals of the

Mr. Reymes, Lord Ancram, Sir Mr. Dalfion,

Mr. Musgrave, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Bainbam

Sir Edm. Pye, Sir Rob. Holt, Sir Solomon Sir Tho.

Gower, Sir Tho. Dike, Mr. ScawMr. $«»/&, Mr. Pfo7-

//pr, Mr. Crouch, Sir Smith, Sir £<&». Sir

Fr<*. Vincent, Mr. Coventry, Mr. , Mr. Daniel,

Mr. K/»£, Mr. Henley, Sir Tho.Mr. Fane, Mr.

Newton, Mr. Weflphaling, Sir AoF Sir Clifford

Clifton, Sir £Jw. Maffey, Lord i?r «<*, Sir Pi>;7.

Mr. Stockdale, Sir G/Zk Gerrard, Sir /Fiw. Smith, Mr. Culleford, Sir Hen.Felton, Sir /Fiw. Lowther, Lord Angier, Sir Onslow, Sir Tho. Leigh, Dr. Burwell, Mr. Gw. Clerke, Mr. Kent, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Sir

Pooley, Colonel Windham, Colonel Grey, Mr.

Mr. Roberts, Sir John Goodrich, Colonel 5;rr&, Mr. Jones, Sir Hen. Newton, alias Puckering, Mr. Tayler, Sir Tho.

Peyton, and all the Members of this House that servefor Leicestershire: And they are to meet, Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for feribns. Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Committee, to which the Bill against exporting Wool and Wool-fells was committed, be revived t and do fit Tomorrow in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And Mr. Scawen is added to the said Committee.

Sir Solomon Swale reports, from the Committee, to which ^he Bill for settling the Estate of James late Duke of Richmond and Lenox was committed, several Amend-ipents to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered the feme in at the Clerk's Table.

Resolved, That the said Amendments be read To-

morrow; And that the Bill, with such of the Amendments as shall be agreed to, be then read the Third time.

Sir Solomon Swale does also report, from the Committee, to which the Bill for confirming the Estate of John Lord Marquis of Winchester, in certain Manors and Lands, whereof the Deeds and Evidences were burnt and loft at the Taking of the Castle of Basing, was committed. That the Committee had carefully perused the Bill, and found no Defect, nor few any Cause to make any Amendment or Alteration therein.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill, to enable Sir Thomas Lee to make an Exchange of Lands to be settled for his Wife's Jointure, in lieu of the Lands-Hilt settled, was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, That the said Bill do pase: And that the Title shall be. An Act to enable Sir Thomas Lee Baronet . to exchange some Lands settled upon his Wife for her Jointure, for other Lands in lieu thereof.

Another ingrossed Bill, for confirming an Act for restoring the Lord Culpeper to his Lands and Estate, was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, That the said Bill do pais: And that the Title shall be *.

And Sir Robert Brooke is to carry up those Two Bills to the Lords.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Bird and Sir Nathaniel Hobart;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill, to enable the Lord Bishop of London to make Leases of the Tenements new built upon the Scite of his Palace in London; to which they desire your Concurrence:

And have also returned you a Bill, sent from this House, to enable Ro wland Okeover Esquire to fell certain Lands in the County of Derby, with an Amendment; to which they also desire your Concurrence.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Longvile, his Lady and Servants, and other the Persons named in the Order of the

House of Commons, 587

Fifth of this Month, Who, by that Order, Were committed to the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms for their Breach of Privilege therein mentioned, be discharged of their Commitment, paying their Fees.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Compton do carry up the Bill to the Lords, for ordering the Forces in the several Counties of this Kingdom , and do put the Lords in mind of the Bill concerning Sheriffs; and desire them to give it a Dispatch.

Ordered, That Sir Courtney Poole do carry up the Bill to the Lords for an Imposition on Hearths and Stoves, and put them in mind of the Bill for restoring Impropriations; and to give it a Dispatch.

Mr. Clifford reports, from the Committee, to which the Bill for preventing Frauds and Abuses in, and for regulating his Majesty's Customs, was committed, several Amendments and Alterations to the said Bill, and Provisoes to be added thereto: Which he read, with the Coherence; in his Place; and after, delivered them in at the Clerk's Table: And the same being twice read, and some of them, upon the Question, agreed to; and several Alterations being, upon the Question, agreed to, and made to some other of the said Amendments and Provisoes; and the feme, with those Alterations, upon the Question, being agreed to;

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments and Provisoes agreed to, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Committee of the King's Revenue#, to which the Matter concerning Salt was referred, be revived; and do fit Tomorrow in the Afternoon, in the former Place.

Ordered, That the Members of this House, which serve for Suffolke and Essex, be added to the Committee to which the Bill concerning Fishing is committed: And Mr. Ellyot and Mr. Bofcowen are added to the said Committee.

And *#*.

Sabbat i, 150 die Martiiy 14.0 Car. Regis IV1,

SI R John Brampfion reports, from the Committee, to which the Bill for settling certain Lands of Francis Tindall Esquire was committed. That the Committee had carefully perused and considered of the Bill, and found no Defeat or Cause of Alteration or Amendment therein. Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be ingrossed.

Several Amendments to the ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, for settling the Estate of James late Duke of Richmond and Lenos, according to Agreement of Charles Duke of Richmond and Lenos, Mary Duchess Dowager of

Richmond and Lenos, and the Lady Mary her Daughter, were this Day twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

And the Bill, with the Amendments, being read the Third time -,

Resolved, That the said Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, Be sent up to the Lords; and their Concurrence desired to the Amendments.

And Sir Solomon Swale is to carry the Bill, with the Amendments, up to the Lords.

A Bill for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Excise was this Day read the First time.

1 Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time on Monday next.

Sir Edmund Peirfe reports, from the Committee, to which the Bill for Repair of Dover Harbour was committed, and re-committed. One Amendment only further to be made so the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in the Bill; and after, delivered the feme in at die Clerk's Table. And the said Amendment being twice read;

The Question being put, tee, as to this Amendment The House was divided. The Noes went forth.

Mr. Jolley,

Mr. Clifford,

Sir Edmund Peirfe,

Lord Angier,

And so it was resolved ir

To agree with the Commit-

Tellers for the Noes: ") With the Noes, J 72‘ Tellers for the Yeas: 7 With the Yeas, j'127-the Affirmative.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Bird and

Sir ‘Toby Woolrich

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have lent you down a Bill, intituled, An Act declaratory concerning Bankrupts; and desire your Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That this Bill be read on Monday next.

Resolved, That an Amendment be made to the said BUI for Repair of Dover Harbour, by omitting, after the Word " Parliament," in the Fifteenth Line of the Bill, all the Words to the Word " made," in the Sixteenth Line.

Resolved, &c. That the Words " and Portland Stone" be inferred, in the Line of the Bill, after the Word " Grin-stones."

Which was done accordingly.

A Proviso was tendered, on the Behalf of the Town of Lyme Regis.

The Question being put. That the said Proviso be read j

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, That the Bill, with the Amendments and Provisoes agreed to, be ingossed;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Mr. John Ashburneham reports, from the Committee

to which the Petition of several Persons, who now are, or formerly have been, experienced in making English Iron, That the Committee were of Opinion, and had ordered it to be so reported, that the whole Imposition upon all Foreign Iron, except be Forty Shillings

per Ton. '

Resolved, &c. That the Debate of the Matter upon this Report shall be taken into Consideration on Monday Morning, at Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Report of Mr. , from the

Grand Committee of Trade, be heard upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Business touching the Highways be taken into Consideration on Monday next.

The- House resumed the Hearing of the Caule upon the ingossed Bill, sent from the Lords, to restore the Earl of Derby to the Manor of Hope and , and

Mould and Mouldfdale, in the County of Flint.

And upon Debate of the Merits of the Caule, as to Fines and Recoveries, and the Frauds and Practices,

The Question being put. That this House do further proceed upon the said Bill, notwithstanding the Fines and Recoveries,

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put. That the BUI be re-committed to the Committee to which it was formerly committed;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put. That the Committee be revived} and do fit this Afternoon, at the Place formerly appointed;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put, That this Committee be permitted to make their Report on Monday next}

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr. Fane, Sir and Serjeant Charlton, be added to the same Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Hoby, Mr. Herne, and Mr. , 6e added to the Committee for the Lady

Lunce, 170 Mar lit, 14° Car.

Prayers.

A Bill for Confirmation of certain Letters Patents, made and to be made to the Right Noble Lord George Duke of Albemarle, of several Honours, Manors, and Hereditaments, granted to him by his Majesty, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

The ingossed Bill for Repair of Dover Harbour was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, That thele Words, " the several Receivers of the Duty aforesaid," be added, in the Line of the Skin of the BUI: And that the Word " respectively '* be also added in the next Line.

A Proviso being tendered to be added, to limit the same to be collected to Two-and-twenty thousand Pounds^ was Three times read.

Resolved, That the said Proviso be added to, and made Part of the Bill.

Another Proviso, on the Behalf Regis and

Lyme Regis, in the County of was twice read.

And some Amendments being, upon- the' Question} agreed to be made to the said Proviso } and the same being so amended , and afterwards read}

Resolved, Thu the said Proviso, so amended, and agreed" to, be added to, and made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the said Bill, with the Amendments' and Provisoes agreed to, do pass: And that the Tide* shall be, An Act for repairing of Dover Harbour. - And Mr. George Mountague is to carry up the Bill -to the Lords.

» 1

Dr. Birkinbead reports, from the Committee to which the ingossed Bill, for restoring the Earl of Derby to certain Manors and Lands, therein mentioned, was, by Order* of the Fifteenth of this Month, re-committed, several Amendments to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in lus Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

And, instead of the Two first Amendments offered, Two other Amendments being proposed in the House, and, upon the Question, agreed; and the other Amendments from the Committee being, upon the Question, agreed to;

The Question being put. That the said Bill, with the said Amendments, be agreed to;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, Thit the Title of the Bill, being, An Act for restoring of Charles Earl of Derby to the Manors of Hope and Hopefdale, Mould and Mouldfdale, in the County of Flint, be agreed to.

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley do carry up the Bill, with the Amendments, to the Lords} and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Business of Iron be taken into Consideration Tomorrow, at Nine of the Clock; and, after That, the ingossed BUI, for preventingFrauds, and regulating of Abuses in his Majesty's Customs } and then the Matter touching the Highways.

Ordered, That Mr. Knight's Report from the Grand Committee of Trade be heard on Wednesday Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Martis, 18° die Martii, 140 Car. Regis.

Prayers.

jyEfolved, upon the Question, by the Commons assembled in Parliament, That Mr. Henry Carpenter, the Chaplain of this House, for his good Services, be recoin —

mendecj

vv V*

mended from this House to his Majesty's special Grace and Favour, to be preferred to some Dignity in the Church.

Refelvedt, upon the Question, That Mr. Speaker, Mr. John Ashburnham, Mr. Henry and Colonel

Legg, do wait upon the King's Majesty; and present these Delires of the House to him.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, for the Naturalizing of Philadelphia Wife of the Right Honourable 'Thomas Lord Wentworth, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That this Bill be read the Second time To-rdorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill, to confirm the Estate of John Marquis of Winchester, in certain Manors and Lands, whereof the Writings were burnt and loft, was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Bill, sent down from the Lords, be agreed to.

Resolved, That the Title of the said Bill, being intituled, An Act for confirming the Estate of John Marquis of Winchester, in certain Manors and Lands, whereof the Writings were burnt and loft at the Taking of the Castle of Razing, be agreed to: And that the Bill be returned back to the Lords.

And Sir Solomon Swale is to carry it up.

An ingrossed Bill, for settling certain Lands, belonging unto Francis Tindall Gentleman, upon Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Debts, was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill do pals: And that the Title shall be, An Act for settling certain Lands, belonging unto Francis Tindall Gentleman, upon Trustees, to be sold for Payment of his Debts.

And Sir Solomon Swale is to carry up this Bill to the Lords, for their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, to enable the Bishop of London to lease out the Tenements new-built, upon the Scite of his Palace in London, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be read the Second time on Thursday next.

A Bill for the more speedy bringing of Persons to Accompt, whose Accompts were excepted in the Act of Oblivion, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for Confirmation of certain Letters Patents, made and to be made to the Right Noble George Duke of Albemarle, of several Honours, Manors, and Hereditaments, granted to him by his Majesty, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolvedi upon the Question, That the said Bill be' committed to Mr. Sollicitor-General, Mr ham. Lord Fanshaw, Mr. Birch, Sir Nicolas Crisp, Sir Thomas Gowre, Mr. Coventry, Sir James Smith, Mr ' vill. Sir Wm. Fleetwood, Sir John Sir Francis

Vincent, Mr. Scawen, Mr. William Sandys, Sir John Re-. i binfon, Mr. Gawdy, Colonel Phillips, Sir Wm. Lowther,

Colonel Gilby, Mr. Crouch, Sir Edmund Pooley, Sir Lancelot Lake, Sir Richard Braham, Sir Thomas Strickland, t Sir Thorhas Bloodworth, Sir Philip Musgrave, Sir Edmund

Pcirfe, Dr. Rifbton, Mr. Smith, Mr. Newport, Sir John Shaw, Lord Ancram, Mr. Aldworth, Sir Henry Herbert,

Mr. Churchill, Colonel Strangwayes, Lord Bruce, Sir An-

thony Irby, Sir Thomas Ingram, Sir Baynham Trockmorton, Colonel Kirkby, Mr. Mount ague. Colonel Sir

Thomas Slewkley, Mr. Seymour, Sir Sir

Goodrich, Sir Willidni DoColonel Stmdys, Mr. Clifford, Sir Richard Browne, Sir Clifford Clifton? Colonel Windham, Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. Culleford, Mr. Chet-

wind, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr.

Mr. Clerk, Sir Richard Ford, Colonel Bifsop, Sir Edmund Pye, Sir Henry North, Sir Gilbert Ireland, Colonel Shaker ley, Sir Edward Majfey, Lord Brereton, Mr. Jones,

Mr. William Coventry, Sir George Ryve, Mr. Phillips: And all the Members of this House, that come to the said Committee, to have Voices thereat: And they are to meet in the Star-Chamber this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And to peruse the Letter-Patents, granted by his Majesty to the said Lord Duke of Albemarle; and to hear all Parties concerned; and to fit de die in diem, to the End they may expedite this Business; and make their Report therein with all the Speed they can.

The Question being put, That the House, according to the Order made Yesterday, do resume the Debate of the Matter upon the Report of the Committee, to which the Petition of several Persons, who now are, or formerly were, experienced in the Making of English Iron, was committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered That the Difference between Mr. Marvell and Mr. Clifford, Two Members of this House, be referred to Mr. Speaker, to examine; and, to that End, to hear Mr. Scott, another Member of this House, who was present when this Difference did happen; and to mediate and reconcile the same between them if he can; or else to report it to the House,. with his Opinion, therein.

Sir Robert Howard reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for repairing and maintaining the Streets and Highways in and near the Cities of and Westminster, and Parts adjacent, several Amendments to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in the Bill i and after, delivered in the faine at the Clerk's Table.

And the Amendments being' read twice , and some Alterations, upon the Question, agreed to be made thereto; ' and -being made accordingly; and a Proviso, touching the removing of Nuisances, being, by Direction of the House, brought in; and twice read; and agreed to; and the other Amendments being, upon the Question, agreed to; ‘:

Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Bill, with the Amendments and Provisoes agreed to, be, ingrossed.

Mercutiiy i Martiii 14.0 Car,

Prayers.

LORD Bruce reports, from the Committee appointed to receive Proposals for the further Supply of the Loyal Party, That they had prepared a Bill for Distri-buuon of the Threescore thousand Pounds, and for some further Provision for them; and that they did desire the House vfould appoint some Metribers to attend his Majesty,1 ..... when, and in what Manner, the said Money shall be distributed: Whifch Bill, being delivered in, was read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Upon Information,' That Mr. Brooms Whorwood, a-Member of this House, coming oqt of London last N ight, was seized and detained by one Richard Chafe, a Constable, and his Watch, at Bishopsgate; and not buffered, to' pass, either in his Coach, or on Foot, although there was no Restraint put upon any other Pexfon, that had occasion to pass that Way, but only upon the lad Mr, Whorwood, although the Constable was informed, that he was a Member of Parliament; and declared, that He acted by a Power that was above the Parliament, and would not permit to pass.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, or his Deputy, do apprehend the said Richard

5 F

Journals of the House of Commons. A. 1661.

5^0

Chafe, and take him into Custody, to answer this Mlf* demeanor, and Breach of Privilege, objected against him, m seizing and detaining the said Mr. Whorwood; and his uncivil Ufege towards him.

A Bill for the more speedy Bringing of Accomptants to Accompt, whose Accompts are excepted in the Act of Oblivion, was this Day read the Second time.

Refolded, That the said Bill be committed to Sir Ingram, Sir Tho. Strickland, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr.

Mr. Churchill, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Swale, Sir Nich.

Crispe, Mr. Graham, Colonel Phillips, Colonel

Sir Edm. Peirfe, Mr. Wandesford, Sir Tho. Allen, Dr.

Burwell, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Colonel Gilby,

Mr. Scawen, Mr. Scudamore, Colonel Sir Chi-

' chefterWray, Sir Clifford Clifton, Colonel Sir

Talbott, Lord Bruce, Sir Tho. Gower, Sir Tho. Leigh, Mr. Cofferer, Sir John Denham, Mr. Birch, Colonel Rebinfon, Sir Rich. Ford, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. phaling, Sir James Smith, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Mountague, Sir Clement Fisher, Colonel TrelawneySir Cha. Harbord, Sir

Phil. Musgrave, Mr. Wm. Sandys, Mr. Price, Sir Edw.

Maffey, Sir Wm.Fleetwood, Sir John Goodrich, Mr. iefard, Mr. Musgrave, Colonel Strangwayes, Sir Cha. Berkley, Sir Rob. Howard, Colonel Arundel!, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Crtoke, Mr. Whom.vood, Sir Hen. Newton, Sir Tho.

Mompeffon, Sir John Nicholas, Mr. Aldworth, Sir John Coriton: And they are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber, at Two of the Clock this Afternoon: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And to hear and consider such Propofols as shall be made, for Satisfaction of such Monies as have heretofore been lent, or taken up, for Supply of his late Majesty's Occasions, in the Time of the War; and are Hill unpaid.

A Bill for the making navigable the Rivers of Wye and Lugg, in the County of Hereford, was tins Day read the First time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill for making and preserving the River Wye in the County of Surrey navigable, be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning, the first Bufinefo.

Sir Edmund Peirfe reports. From the Committee to which the ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, to confirm the Sale of certain Lands, sold by Ferdinando late Earl of Huntington, for Payment of his own and his Father's Debts, was committed. That the Committee had carefully perused the Bill; and found no Defect, or Cause of Alteration or Amendments therein.

Resolved, That the said Bill be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Jttftiman Lewen and Sir TobyWoolrich

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you a Bill, intituled, An Act for settling a Capital Messuage or Man-fion-House, with the Appurtenances, in in

the County of Middlesex, upon Viscount Campden, and his Heirs: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

The ingrossed Bill, for preventing of Frauds, and regulating Abuses, in his Majesty's Customs, was this Day read the Third time.

A Petition of several Clothiers of the Counties of Essex and Suffolk was read.

A Proviso for Ships of Burden and Defence to be built, maintained, and employed, in Trade, into the Mediterranean Seas, was twice read: And feme Amendments being, upon the Question, agreed to be made thereto;

The Question being put. That the Word ".Tin" be mimed into the Proviso

The House was divided.

The Yeas went Out.

C Tellers for the Yeas,") X With the Yeas, J

41.

Mr. Bifcawen,

Mr. Fowell,

Sir Tho. Bloodworth, f Tellers for the Noes: 7

Mr. King, \ With the Noes, J

And so it pasted in the Negative.

The Question bring put. That the Counties of Cornwall and Devon be excepted out of the Proviso,

It pasted in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Proviso, amended, be agreed to, and made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the further Debate of this Bill be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Members of this House, that serve for Yorkshire and Norfolke, be added to the Committee to which the Bill concerning the Fishing Trade is committed. '

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Seven of the Clock.

Jovisy 20* Martii, 140 Car.

Prayers.

MR. Knight reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for regulating Abuses in Packing of Butter was committed, several Amendments to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Amendments bring once read; and some of them read the Second time; and some Alteration being, upon the Question, agreed to be made thereto; and bring made; and the Amendments, so altered, upon the Question, agreed to, until the Amendments in the Sixth Line of the Second Page, touching the Value of Butter; And some Debate arising upon that Amendment; Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Bill be recommitted to the Committee to which it was formerly committed: And they are, for that Purpose, revived; and to fit this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the Place formerly appointed; and to hear all. Parties concerned, and expedite their further Report therein: And all the Members of this House, that come to the Committee, are to have Voices thereat.

Mr. Coventry reports from his Majesty, That the Members appointed to attend his Majesty, and to recommend Mr. Henry Carpenter, the Chaplain of this House, for his good Services, to his Majesty's special Grace and Favour, to be preferred to some Dignity in the Church, That they had waited upon his Majesty, and presented the Desires of this House to him: And that his Majesty declared, That he was well fotisfied with the Abilities and Merit of Mr. Carpenter; and would lay his Commands on the Bishop of London, to take him into his Care, and provide for him with the first Opportunity.

An ingrossed Bill, to confirm a Sale of the Lands made by Mr. Nevill to pay Debts, was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be, An Act *.*.

And Sir John Brampfton is to carry up the Bill to the Lords.

Sir Thomas Ingram reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for the more speedy bringing Accomptants to Accompt, whose Accompts were excepted in the Act of Oblivion, That the Committee met. Yesterday; and had perused the Bill, and found no Cause to make any Amendments to it.

But an Amendment being, upon the Question, agreed to be made to the said Bill; and being made accordingly at the Table;

Resolved, That the said Bill, with the Amendment agreed to, be ingrossed.

Ordered,

Ordered, That the Committee, to which the Bill against exporting Wool and Wool-fells was committed, do lit this Afternoon: And that the Quorum of the Committee be reduced to Five.

Mr. Speaker reports, That he had examined the Matter of Difference between Mr. Marvell and Mr. Clifford* and found, that Mr. Marvell had given the first Provocation, that begot the Difference: And that his Opinion was, that Mr. Marvell should declare his Sorrow for being the first Occasion of this Difference; and then Mr. Clifford to declare, that he was lorry for the Consequence of it: And that Mr. Clifford was willing to yield to this Determination, but that Mr. Marvell refused.

And the House thereupon directing the said Mr. Marvell and Mr. Clifford to withdraw; and taking the Matter into Debate;

Resolved, That the said Mr. Marvell and Mr. Clifford be called into their Places: And that each of them shall have a Represension from Mr. Speaker, for Breach of the Peace and Privilege of the House j and, according to Mr. Speaker's Report, be injoined to declare their Sorrow for it; and to crave die Pardon of the House.

And the said Mr. Marvell and Mr. Clifford being accordingly called in to their Places *, and having received a grave Represension from Ml. Speaker j and Mr. Marvell declaring, that he was sorry, that he should give the first Provocation of the Difference j and Mr. Clifford acknowledging, that he was sorry for what enfuedj and both of them engaged to keep the Peace and Privilege" Of the House for the future j and not to renew this Difference, but to have the same Correspondence they had before it did happen: With which the House was well satisfied and did remit the Breach of Privilege.

The House then resumed the further Debate of the Matter, upon the ingrossed Bill, for preventing of Frauds* and regulating Abuses, in his Majesty's Customs.

A Proviso, on the Behalf of the Town of ton, was read.

The Question being put, That the said Proviso be lad aside *,

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Proviso, for an Imposition on Salt brought out of the Kingdom of Scotland, was twice read.

The Question being put. That these Words, " shall be brought out of the Kingdom of be omitted

out of die Proviso*

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Blank in the Proviso be filled with the Word " Halfpeny."

ResolvedfThat the said Proviso be agreed to, and made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the further Debate of this Bill be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Veneris, 21° Mar tit, 140 Car.

Praybrs.

A Petition of the Freeholders and Commoners of the Forest of Bean, being this Day tendered* and opened to the House

Ordered, That the said Petition be annexed to, and filled with, the Report returned, in Writing, from the Right Honourable the Lord High Treasurer, to this House, touching the Title of Sir John Wintour \ and the Increasing his Majesty's Revenue, and Preservation of Wood and Timber in the Forest of Bean: And that the said Report and Petition be both taken into Consideration together.

A Bill for cleansing, keeping, and preserving navigable, <2

the Rivet of Wey in the County of Surrey, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed to Sir Rich. Onslow, Sir Bainham Throckmorton, Sir Clifford , Mr. Onslow, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Edm. Rye, Sir Anth. Irby, Mr. Westpbaling, "Mr. Clifford, Sir Lord

Angler, Sir Rich. Braham, Mr. Sir Rich.

Everard, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir John Mr.

Colonel Reatnes, Mr. Geo. Clerke, Sir Rob. Holt, Mr. Wm. Sandis, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Colonel Colonel

Robinson, Lord Herbert, Mr. Smith, Sir Edm. Peirfe, Mr; Knight, Sir Win. Boyley, Sir Fra Sir fEm. Tomp-

kins, Mr. Chetwyn, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Birch, Colonel Kirkby, Sir Hen. Capell, Mr. Jones, Sir Phil.

Sir Tho.IVt. oodcock, Lord Richardson, Lord Brereton, Sir

Nich. Crispe, Mr. Scawen, and aS the Members of this House that serve for the Counties of Sussex and Surrey: And to meet in the Exchequer-Chamber Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for the Distribution of the Threescore thousand Pounds, Part of the Eighteen Months Assessment, amongst such suffering Officers as have faithfully served his Majesty, or his Royal Father, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed to the same Committee that was formerly appointed to receive Pro-pofals for the further Supply of such suffering Persons, ad had faithfully and constantly served his Majesty's Royal Father, or his now Majesty: And, for that Purpose, the said Committee is revived; and to meet this Afternoqn, at Two of the Clock, at the Place formerly appointed: And Mr. Vice-Chamberlain, Mr. Crouch, Mr.

Sir Phil. Warwick, Mr. Pryn^ Sir John Brampfton, are added to the Committee: And they are to expedite their Report with what Speed they can.

An ingrossed Bill, font from the Lords* for naturalizing Philadelphia Wife of the Right Honourable the Lord Wentworth, was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be agreed to: And that the Title, being* An Act for naturalizing Philadelphia Wife of the Right Honourable tire Lord Wentworth, be also agreed to.

And Colonel Sam. Sandis is to carry up this Bill to the Lords.

Mr. Vaughan reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for Confirmation of certain Letters Patents, made and to be made to the Right Noble Lord George Duke of Albemarle, of several Honours* Manors, and Hereditaments, granted to him by his Majesty, several Amendments to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place and after, did deliver the fairie in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Amendments being twice read and some Additions being, upon the Question, agreed to; and the said Amendments being, upon the Question, severally1 agreed to;

Resolved, That the said Bill, with the Amendments

agreed to Be mgrossed.

.v

The House then resumed the Debate upon the in-grofied Bill, for preventing Frauds and Abuses, and regulating the Receipts of his Majesty's Customs.

Resolved, That these Words, " or connive at any false Entry," be inserted into the Bill.

Resolved, That these Words, " open Sea," be inserted into the Bill.

The Question being put. That the Words " and forfeited" be inserted into the Bill

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Words give out " be inserted into the Bill.

A Proviso, tendered to be added to the Bill, to restrain Ships of War from taking in Freight, was once read.

The

j

rir>r>glp

zp % journals of the House of Coriimons.

The Question being put, That the said Proviso be read Ihe Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be, An Act for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses in his Majesty's Customs.

And Mr. Clifford is to carry up this Bill to the Lords.

A Bill for iupplying Defects, and regulating Frauds and Abuses, in collecting the Duty of Excise, was this ;Day read the Second time.

An additional Clause was tendered to be made Part of the Bill.

The Question being put. That the said Bill be committed )

The House was divided.

The Yeas went ou

Sir Wm. Doyley, f Tellers for the Yeas:") tr.

Mr Birch, \ With the Yeas,

Sir Roger Bradshaigh, J Tellers for the Noes: 7 st-

Sir Robert Brooke, \ With the Noes, j

And so it palfed in the Negative.

Ordered, That it be referred to Sir Phil.

Mr. Bofcowen, Mr. Birch, Sir John Duncombe, Sir Rich.

Temple, Sir Robert Howard, Sir Mr. Pryn,

Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. KSir 7ho. Meres, Sir

Rich. Ford, Sir Cha. Hujfey, Sir Wm. Compton, or any Live of them, to prepare and bring in a Bill, for regulating Abuses in the Payments or Receipts of the Duty of Excise: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock: And it is recommended to Sir Thomas Meres, to take care, that the Bill be prepared and brought in,‘with all the Speed it may.

Ordered, That the Committee for Bedford Level do lit this Afternoon, if the Grand Committee for Trade do not fit.

Ordered, That the Business touching the Highways be taken into Consideration Tomorrow, after Nine of the Clock.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir JuJlinian Lewen and Sir Tbby WooIrich;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have returned to you Two Bills: One, intituled, An Act for repairing of Dover Harbour; the other, intituled, An Act against importing of Foreign Wool-Cards, Card-Wire, or Iron-Wire, with some Amendments: And they have sent you an Act, intituled, An Act for confirming, explaining, and inlarging an Act, intituled, An Act for the Levying of certain Monies, due upon the Collection for the Protestants of Piedmont: To all which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbali, 2 2° Martii, 140 Gar.

Prayers.

A Bill for making navigable the Rivers Wye and Lugg, in the County of Hereford, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed to Lord Herbert, Lord Bruce, Mr. Sandis, Serjeant Charlton, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Greenvile, Sir Rich. Brabam, Sir Fra. Vincent, Mr. Smith, Sir Edw. Harley, Mr. Roger Vaughan, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Clifford , Mr. Chet-wyn. Sir Edm. Peirfe, Mr. Churchill, Mr. Robinson, Sir Rich. Oat ley, Colonel Kirkby, Mr. Morrice, Mr.

phaling, Mr. Price, Sir John Brampston, Mr. Mount ague, Mr. Birch, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Knight, Colonel Windham,

Sir Edm. Pye, Mr. Scudamore, Sir Hum. Bennet, Sir Edw.

Maffey, Sir Tho.Meres, Mr. Coventry, Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. Clifford, Mr. Whorwood, Mr. Crouch, Sir Tho. Allen, Mr. Elliot, Sir Hen. North, Lord Falkland, Mr. ,.

Mr. Vaughan, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Holly, Mr. Purcell, and all the Members of this House, that !crve for the several Counties of Hereford, Monmouth, and the City of Bristol: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer-Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, anil Records: And to hear all Parties concerned , and take care of their Interest.

Serjeant Charlton reports, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the 1'own of Brecknock, That the Committee was of Opinion, that Sir Herbert Price was duly elected, and ought to fit as Burgess for the said Town.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that Sir Herbert Price was duly elected; and ought to fit as Burgess for the said Town of Brecknock.

Serjeant Charlton reports, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of Leimjler, That the Poll was denied to Mr. ningfby, that was in Nomination for a Burgess for that Place , but he being a Prisoner in Execution for Debt* and not eligible, the denying the Poll to him could not avoid the Election: And therefore the Committee was of Opinion, that Mr. Cornwall and Mr. Graham were duly elected and returned as Buigdfes for the said Borough of Leimjler, and ought' to fit.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that Mr. Cornwall and Mr. Graham were duly elected for the said Borough of Leimjler, and ought to fit.

Mr. Knight reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for preventing Abuses in the Packing of Butter was re-committed, several new and additional Amendments to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place j and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Amendments being twice read , and, upon the Question, severally agreed to; and feme Alterations being, upon the Question, agreed to be made to the Amendments formerly agreed to; and being made accordingly;

Resolved, Tlat the said Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Sir Richard Temple reports, from the Committee to which the Bill against importing Foreign Bonelace, &c. was committed, several Amendments to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Amendments being twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to;

Resolved, That the said Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill, to confirm Letters Patents of his Majesty, for settling Honours, Manors, and Lands, &c. on the Duke of Albemarle, was this Day read the Third time.

And an Amendment, by adding the Words or either of them," being, upon the Question, agreed to; and being made to the Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be. An Act for Confirmation of certain Letters Patents made and to be made to the Right Noble Lord George Duke of Albemarle, of several Honours, Manors, and Hereditaments, granted to him by his Majesty.

Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill for enabling Mr. Okeover to fell Lands for Payment of his Debts, were this Day twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed, to.

Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill for Re^ pair of Dover Harbour, were this Day twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The

.jM

The ingrossed Bill, for repairing and maintaining the Streets and Highways in London and and

Parts adjacent, was this Day read the Third time.

The Question being put, That the Clause in the Bill touching the Surplus of the Revenue of Hackney-Coaches after our Lady-day 1663, should (land in the Bill;

The House was divided.

The Y eas went out.

Sir Tho. Littleton, J Tellers for the Noes: )

Mr. Whorwood, \ With the Noes, j 77*

Lord St. John, f Tellers for the Yeast

Lord Angier, £ With the Yeas,

And so it passed in the Negative.

A Proviso was brought into be added to the Bill, as to the inlarging the Streets in and near London and

Resolved, That the said Proviso be committed to Sir John Denham., Serjeant Charlton, Sir John Brampjldn, Sir Rich. Ford, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir John , Sir Rich.

Onslow, Mr. Fane, Sir Rob. Mr. Pryn, Mr.

Jones, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Wm. Thompson, Mr. Smith, Mr. Jolly, Sir Tho. Meres, and all the Members of this House that serve for, or dwell within, the Cities of London and Westminster, or County of Middlesex: And they are to prepare a Clause to be added to the Bill for ascertaining the Places to be comprised in the Bill \ and allb to provide how the Surplus of the Revenue of Hackney-Coaches shall be employed for repairing the Highways, or inlarge-ing the Streets-, and allb to ascertain, in the Proviso, what Places or Streets shall be inlarged: And, for that Purpose, they are to meet this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to make Report thereof on Monday next.

Luna, 2 40 Mar tit, 140

UPON Information, That an Order of this House of the Thirteenth of February last being made, whereby a Suit brought by one William Bridgwater in the King's-Bench, against one John Hocking and others, and prosecuted by one John Richards an Attorney, in which the Title of Thomas Robinson, a Member of this House, was

concerned, contrary to the Privileges of Parliament his Attorney was ordered to withdraw the Actions; and Mr. Speaker to desire the Lord Chancellor to issue forth a Supersedeas, to stay all further Proceedings in the said Actions: That, since that Time, the said Bridgwater, having waved his Actions in the King's-Bench, doth prosecute other Actions against one Edward Oliver, and others, upon the same Title, in the County-Court, in which the said Mr. Robinson, a Member of this House, is concerned;

Ordered, That the said former Order of the Thirteenth of February last be inlarged: And that the said Actions brought by the said Bridgwater in the County-Court, or elsewhere, against Edward Oliver and others, be also withdrawn: And, if there shall be Occasion, the Lord Chancellor, upon Notice thereof from Mr. Speaker, is to be desired to issue a;Super fedeas to supersede the said Actions.

A Bill for Erecting and Using of Baths and Bath-stoves in the Kingdom of England, and Dominion of Wales, was this Day read the First time.

An ingrossed Bill for Confirmation of the Sale of certain Lands made by Ferdinando late Earl of Huntington, for Payment of his own and his Father's Debts, was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be agreed to: And that the Title thereof, being. An Act for Confirmation of the Sale of certain Lands made by Ferdinando late Earl of Huntington, for Payment of his own and hk Father's Debts, be also agreed to.

And Sir Clifford Clifton is to carry up this Bill to the Lords.

The Lord Angler reports, from the Committee, to which the Bill for regulating and settling the Corporation

and Trade of Artizari Skinners was committed, some Amendments to be made, and several Provisoes to be added to the said Bill: Which he read, with the.Coherence, in his Place -, and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table. And the said Amendments and Provisoes being twice read -, and, upon the Question, all severally agreed to, saving a Clause in the last Proviso, against which some Exception was taken; that it might prejudice the Righrs of other Corporations;

Resolved, That a Proviso be broiight in for saving the Rights of, and preserving the said Trade in other Corporations of the Kingdom, as well as io the City of London.

Sir Robert Howard reports, from the Committee appointed to prepare and bring in some Amehdments to be inserted into the ingrossed Bill for repairing the Streets and Highways, in and near the Cities of London and Jler, and Parts adjacent, the Amendments which the Committee had prepared: Which being, upon the Que-ftion, agreed to, and inserted. into the Bill and thrice read, and agreed to -,

Resolved, upon the Question* That these Words, " and the like Rates from and to any other Place within the Places before-mentioned," be inserted into the Bill.

Which was done accordingly; and the Words thrice' read, and agreed to.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the Word u Royal" be inserted before the Word " Exchange," and the Word " old " razed out.

Which was done-, and the Word thrice read, and agreed ta

Resolved, upon the Question, That these Words, " and other Holidays," be inserted into the Bill after the Word " Sundays."

Which was done accordingly; and the Words thrice1 read, and agreed to.

And some Question then arising, upon the enumerating and ascertaining in the Fill the Places and Streets which should be inlarged -, these several Streets and Passages* hereafter named, were, upon the Question, severally agreed to be enumerated in the Bill to be the Places intended to be inlarged viz.The Street or Passage at or near the Stocks in London; The Street and Passage from Fleet-Conduit to St. Pauls-Churchin London; The Passage

through the White-Hart-Inn from the Strand into Covent-Garden i The Street and Passage by and near House and the Savoy The Passage and Street of St. Mprj tin's-Laneout of the Strand; The Passage or Street of Field-Lane, commonly called Jack-an-apes-Lane, going between Chancery-Lane and Lincoln's-Inn-Fields; The! Passage and Gatehouse of Cheapside into Paul's Churchyard; The Passage against St. Dunstan's Church in the West, being obstructed by a Wall; The Street and Passage by and near the West End of the Poultry in London; and the Passage at Temple-Bar.

And it being referred to the same Committee, to withdraw, and consider where the Place before-mentioned might most properly be inserted into the Bill -, which they haying done; and Sir Robert Howard making Report thereof to the House; and the same being, upon the Question, agreed to -, and being inserted accordingly: And being afterwards thrice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to;

Resolved, That the said Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, do pass: And that the Title shall be. An Act

And Sir Robert Howard is to caity up this Bill to the Lords.

A Message from the Lords, by

The Question being put. That this House do fit thi % Afternoon, at Three of the Clock; Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock; and Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Three of the Clock; in Compliance to the Message from the Lords;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

5 G Sir

Conclp

3P4

Journals of the House of Commons. A. 1661.

Sir John Talbott., f Tellers for the Noes: ") Mr. Seymour,) . With the Noes, j Sir John Goodrick, X Tellers for the Yeas: Mr. Newton, \ With the Yeas,

And so it passed in the Negative.

108.

88.

.The Question being put. That the Committee concerning Lindsey Level have Leave to fit on next;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Sir Fra. Clarke, C Tellers for the Yeas: 7 g Mr. And. Newport, \ With the Yeas, j

Sir Edw. Moseley, JTellers for the Noes: 7

Sir Rob. Holt, £ With the Noes, J

And so it passed in the Negative.

Upon Complaint made. That one Jchnfon Esquire, & Barrister of the Temple, had uttered scandalous Words against the Committee, to which the Bill concerning Leather was committed , laying. That they were a packed Committee; and that they had been bribed;

Ordered, That the said Mr. do appear the next

Day of the Sitting of this House; to answer such Matters as shall be objected against him.

Ordered, That one Rkhtird Chafe, who was committed for a Breach of Privilege in seizing and detaining Mr. Who'orwood, a Member of this House, shall, upon Security given to the Serjeant at Arms for his Appearance the First Day of the next Sitting of this House, have his Liberty in the mean time.

Upon Information, That Georg had been the Author and Publisher of a scandalous and seditious Pam- phlet, to enrage the People, and to vilify and defame the "Members of this House, and to blemish the Honour and Justice of this House; and their Proceedings; and was now a Prisoner in Newgate;

Ordered, That the said George Withers be brought, in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, or his Deputy, to the Bar of this House, at Four of the Clock this Afternoon, to be examined touching the Matters objected against him: And the Keeper of Newgate, or his Deputy, is to cause him to be brought accordingly.

Refolded, That this House do adjourn till Three of the Clock this Afternoon.

Meridiem.

MR. Knight reports, "from the Grand Committee of Trade, touching the Woollen Manufacture, the Opinion of the Committee, That the House be moved, that Liberty be given, to all Merchants to transport and carry out of this Kingdom any of the English Manufactures made of Wool, to any Port or Place beyond the Seas, lying within the Limits and Bounds of the Merchant-Adventurers Patent, until the Twenty-fifth of next.

The Question being put-, That fheDebate of this Matter be adjourned till the First Monday of the Meeting of this House, after this Recess

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Petitions of the City of London imd Inhabitants of Gloucester be taken into Consideration the same Day.

George Withers being then brought, in Custody, to the Bar of this House; and the scandalous seditious Libel, with which he Hands charged, being shewn unto him'; the feme being in Two distinct Papers; upon View of the first of them, he declared, That the same might be his Hand, but that it was but Parcel of what he intended: And the other "Writing being shewn unto him, he confessed the same to be of hisown Hand-writing.

And Two Witnesses being called in; Henry Northrop

and Robert Heybourne \ and testifying. That they took the said Papers from under Mr. Withers his Hand; and that he was writing Part of them just when they were taken from him; and that he did, upon his Examinationbefore Mr. Attorney-General,. confefi the said Papers to be of his "own Contriving and Drawing

Resolved, upon the Question, That George Withers, who was this Daiy brought from the Prison of Newgate to the Bar of this House, be fent Prisoner, and delivered into the Custody of the Lieutenant of the Tower; there so be kept in close Custody, and be denied Pen, Ink, and Paper, and debarred from having any Company to come unto him.

And it is referred unto- Mr. Ptjn, Mr. Serjeant Mf. Sollicitor:General, Serjeant Maynard, Dr.

JMr. Thurland, Mr. Smith, Mr. Vaughan, and Mr.

or any Three of them, to peruse the seditious infamous Libel by him contrived; and draw up an Impeachment against him) and report it to the House at their next Meeting. -

A Petition of Henry Ford Esquire, touching the Election of a Member to serve for Newport in Cornwall, was this Day read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be admitted: And that it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to take the same into Consideration at their next Meeting after this Recess.

Upon Report, made by Serjeant Charlton, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, That a Petition was delivered in to the said Committee, on the Behalf of Sir William Dudley, on Saturday last, touching the Election for the Town of Northampton; but, by rcaibn of the Adjournment of that Committee, the Petition was not delivered in by the precise Time limited by the Rule of this House;

Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Petition be admitted to he received, as if the feme had been delivered in in due Time: And the Committee to proceed thereupon, as they have appointed.

Ordered, That the Committee concerning Bedford Level have Liberty to fit on next only, both

in the Forenodn and Afternoon; notwithstanding the Adjournment of the House.

Resolved, upon the Question, That this House be adjourned till Thursday next come Sevennight, being the Third Day of April 1662.-

Jo-vis, 30 April. 140 Car.

Prayers.

A BI LL, for veiling certain Lands and Tehements of Cuthbert Morley in Lackenby in the County of in Richard Barrett, Katherine Leonard, and

their Heirs and A'fligns, for Satisfaction of certain Monies due to them, Was this Day read the Second time.

Refolded, Upon the Question, That the said Bril be committed to Sir The. Gower, Mr. Graham, Sir Edm. Peirfe, Sir Rich.Maul everer, Mr. Pryn, Sir Colonel Gllby, Sir John Gotyton, Sir Jordan Crejland, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Mervill, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Dalfton, Sir Wm. Doyley, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Chetwind, Mr. Onslow, Sir Rob. Holt, Sir Muf-grave, Mr. Wm. Coventry, Sir John Sir Tho.

Meres, Sir Henry Widdtington, Sir Goodrick, Mr. King, Colonel Reymes, Mr. Wefiphaling, Dr.

Mr. Wandesford, Mr. Mttfgrave, Sir

Mr. Clifford, Colonel Kirkby, Dr. Buirwell, Sir Tho. Strickland,. Sir Tho. Wendy, land all the Members of this House that serve for the County-df Yorke:And they are to meet

Tomorrow, at Two. of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fertd for Persons, Papers, and Records: And tohear all Parties concerned.

Sir John Cory ton reports, from the Committee, to which the Petition of such as "had been taken.Captives by the Pirates of Tunis and Algiers was referred,. That theyhad

made

1

made strict Inquiry For Discovery of such Monies as had been received for Redemption of the said Captives, and had not been accounted for orfatisfied: That it did appear to the Committee, that the Sum of Four thousand Six hundred Forty-nine Pounds Seven Shillings and Nine-pence was due to the said Captives, from Mr. John Langley Merchant, and yet unpaid: Which did appear to be so, by Two several Letters, and the Books of the Committees of the late usurped Powers, and the several Orders therein touching the said Mr. Langley whereby the said Mr. Langley is charged with so much Money: And that he could not offer any Realbn or Evidence to induce the Committee to discharge him thereof; but alfedged, that he was accountable for the same in the Exchequer: And that the Petitioners did produce a Grant thereof from his Majesty, under the Privy Signet.

And the Reporter did further report. That, upon Examination of the Matter as to one Mr. , who

like*ife stood charged with the Receipt of Money due to the said Captives, there was the Sum of Two hundred Forty-six Pounds found to be in his Hands, which was due to the said Captives; but that he was accountable for the same to some other Merchants, that were chargeable therewith: And that the Committee was of Opinion, that he ought to account to them, and to be discharged from giving any Account to the Committee.

And also reported, that the Committee had received another Petition from such as were of late time taken into Captivity j and referred it to the Consideration of this House. Which Petition was read.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee , and doth declare. That there is the Sum of Four thousand Six hundred Forty-nine Pounds Seven Shillings and Nine-pence, in the Hands of the said Mr. Langley,. due and payable to the Use of such Persons as have been taken Captives by the Pirates of Algiers and Tunis.

Ordered, That an Address be made to his Majesty, from this House to inform him, That, upon Examination of the Matter depending upon the Petition of the poor Captives taken by the Pirates of Tunis and Algiers, they find, that there is the Sum of Four thousand Six hundred Forty-nine Pounds Seven Shillings and Nine-penCe resting in the Hands of Mr. Langley Merchant, which, of Right, ought to be applied for the Use of the said Captives; and to desire his Majesty to give Direction to his Attorney-General for the Prosecution and Recovery of the said Money* and that.'the feme m&y be paid and employed for the Use and Advantage of the poor Captives, as it was originally intended: And Sir John Cdryt-on, the Lord Bruce, Mr. 'Pryn, Mr. Wm. Coventry, and Dr. Birkinbead, are to attend his Majesty, to present unto him this Address of the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree With the Committee, That the said Mr. Harttngtoti do account for, and pay the said Two hundred Forty-six Pounds to the Merchants, to whom he is to be accountable: And that, thereupon, he be discharged. K

A Bill, to enable the Reverend Father in God Gilbert Lord Bishop of London, to lease out the Tenements new-built upon the Scite of his Palace in London, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed to Sir Hen. North, Mr. Smith, Mr. JVm. , Sir Phil. wick, Mr. Clifford, Sir Bainbam Mr. New-

port, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Rib. Holt, Mr. Pryn,. Sir Wm. Compton, Sir for dan Crofland, Sir Tho. Gower, Sir

Allen Broderick, Sir John Duhctfmbe, Sir Tho. Ingrain, Mr. Chetwind, Serjeant Charlton, Sir Tho. Mr.

Pucy, Mr. Progeis, Mr. Moore, Sir Wm. ‘Dcyley, Lord Fanjbaw, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Tho. , Sir Edm.

Bowyer, Mr. Hen. Coventry, Sir Edjn- Peirfe, Sir Clifford

Clifton, Sir Rob.Atkyns, Mr. Wm. Coventry, Mr Sir Tho. Strickland, Lord Br&eton, Mr.

Crouch, Dr . Birkinbead, Colonel Windham, Sir Wm.

wood, Mr. Jones, Sir Hen. 'Newton alias Puckering, Mr. Graham, Sir John Brampfton, Sir Edm. Pye, and all the Members of this House that serve for die Counties of

Middlesex and Essex,- and the Cities of London and We/l-tninster: And they are to meet, at Two of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to lend lor Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill, for the better regulating the Trade of Silk-throwing, was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be, An Act for the better regulating the Trade of Silk-throwing.

And Sir John Brampfton is to carry up this Bill to the Lords.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Justice Mallett and Mr. Justice TirrelT,

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have returned you a Bill, intituled, An Act for Confirmation of certain Letters Patents made, and to be made, to the Right Noble Lord George Duke of Albemarle, of several Honours, Manors, and Hereditaments, granted to him by his Majesty; with some Amendments: To which they ddire your Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill, for Reforming of Abuses committed in the Weight and false Packing of Butter, was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be. An Act for Reforming of Abuses committed in the Weight and false Packing of Butter.

And Sir John Brampfton is to carry up this Bill to the Lords.

An ingrossed Bill, for preventing the Importation of Foreign Bonelace, Needlework, Embroidery, Fringe, Band-ltrings, and Buttons, was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Proviso following be inserted at the End of the said Bill viz.

" Provided always, and be it hereby Enacted and Declared, That all Informations, Actions, and Suits, that shall be commenced for any Offence committed against this Act, shall be brought and commenced within Twelve Months after the Discovery of such Offence; any former Law, or Act, to the contrary notwithstanding."

And the said Proviso being accordingly ingrossed, and made Part of the Bill* and thrice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to;

Resolved, That the said Bill, with the Proviso agreed to, do pass: And that the Title shall be, An Act for preventing the Importation of Foreign Bonelace, Needlework, Embroidery, Fringe, Band-strings, and Buttons.

And Sir Richard Temple is to carry up the said Bill to the Lords.

An ingrossed Bill, for settling a capital Messuage, or Mansion-House, with the Appurtenances in Kensington in the County of Middlesex, upon Baptist Viscount Campden, and his Heirs, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That a Bill be prepared and brought in to repeal the Act for a Triennial Parliament: And Sir John Brampfton, Mr. Mountague, and Sir Edm. , are to prepare and bring in the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Committee, to which the Bill for regulating Elections was committed, be revived; and do fit this Afternoon.

Ordered, That, the Committee, to which the Bill concerning Lindsey Level was committed, be revived , and do lit Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afterr.don,. in the Place formerly appointed: And that they do fit Three Days in every Week for Dispatchof that Bufinefe.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be returned to his Majesty for his Grace and Favour, in causing George. Withers to be apprehended, and detained in Custody, for a. the

96 Journals of the House of Commons. A* I

the seditious and infamous Libel by him contrived against the Members of this House.

And the Lord Falkland is to attend his Majesty, and to prefen t unto him the Thanks of this House.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir JuJlinian and Sir Nathanael Hobart;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down Two Bills-, one intituled, An Act for making Rivers navigable in the Kingdom of England and Dominion of Wales; and the other intituled, An Act to enable William Lord Widdrington to fell some Lands, for the paying his Brothers and Sifters Portions, and providing for his younger Children: To which they desire your Concurrence.

And they have returned you Three Bills, one intituled, An Act to enable the Sale of some of the Lands of William Milward Esquire, for Payment of some of his Debts;

another intituled, An Act for settling certain Manors and Lands late of Sir James Enyo Baronet, on Sir Henry Puckering alias Newton Baronet, and Sir Charles Aderley Knight, his surviving Trustees, to fell for Payment of his Debts; and the other intituled, An Act, directing the Prosecution of such as are accountable for Prize-Goods, with some Amendments: To which they likewise desire your Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Committee, to which the Bill touching Leather was committed, be revived; and do lit this Afternoon, at Three of the Clock, in the Place formerly appointed.

Ordered, That all Committees that are not already adjourned to a certain Day, be revived; and do fit this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the several Places formerly appointed.

Mr. Crouch reports, from the Committee, to whom the Bill for increasing the Maintenance of Ministers is referred, the Opinion of the Committee, That the bell Way to effect what is desired in the Bill is, that the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, do inquire the Value of all Livings in their several Precincts contained in the Bill; and that they consider of the bell Expedients for the better Maintenance of the Ministers therein; and to inform the Committee thereof, at their next Meeting after their Reeds: And that they be desired to take Copies of the Bill, whereby they may inform themselves, what is fully intended thereby; and the better to represent how the Maintenance of the said Ministers may b: increased with the greatest Ease to the People; and the Inconveniencies, which would arise from the Difference of Cafes, may be avoided: And likewise to inform themselves of the Value of other Livings out of Corporations, where the Revenue is too small for the Support of able Ministers; and to offer some Expedients for the better providing for them.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Opinion of the Committee, That the bell Way to effect what is desired in the Bill is, that the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, do inquire the Value of all Livings in their several Precincts contained in the Bill: And, that they consider of the bell Expedients for the better Maintenance of the Ministers therein; and to inform the Committee thereof, at their next Meeting after their Recess: And they are desired to take Copies of the Bill, whereby they may inform themselves what is fully intended thereby; and the better to represent how the Maintenance of the said Mi-nifters may be increased with the greatest Ease to the People; and the Inconveniencies, which would arise from the Difference of Cafes, may be avoided: And likewise to inform themselves of the Value of other Livings out of Corporations, where the Revenue is too small for the Support of able Ministers; and to offer some Expedients lor the better providing for them.

A Bill to regulate the Pilchard-Fi filing in the West of England was this Day read the First time.

- Resolved., That the said Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning,

A Bill against Mols-Troopers was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Mcrn-ing, Eight of the Clock.

Vuteris 40 Aprilis, 140 Car,

Prayers.

A BILL for Erecting and Using of publick and artificial Baths and Bath-stoves, was this Day read the Second time.

The Question being put, That the said Bill be committed;

It passed in the Negative.

A Bill to regulate the Pilchard-Fishing in the West of England was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Ro-binfon, Mr. Reams, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Aldworth, Mr.

Sir Rob. Atkyns, Serjeant Char, Sir Rich. Oatley, Sir

Anth. Irby, Colonel Windham, Sir Hen. Newton alias Puckering, Mr. Clifford, Sir Cha. Harbord. Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. Cornwallis, Mr. Hoby, Mr. Chetwyn, Sir Holt, Sir Tho. Gower, Mr. Crouch, Sir Lancelot Lake, Mr.

Jay, and all the Members of this House that serve for the Counties of Devon and Cornwall: And they are to meet, in the Spe aker's Chamber, this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Robert Holt reports, from the Committee, to which the Bill to enable Charles Bamefley and his Son, to fell Lands for Payment of the Debts of the said Charles Bamefley, That the Committee had carefully perused and confiaered the Bill; and found no Cause to make any Alteration or Amendment thereto.

Resolved, That the said Bill be ingossed.

A Bill for Preventing of Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England was this Day read the Second time.'

Resolved, That the said Bill he committed to Lord Mans-feild. Sir Hen. Widdrington, Sir Wm. Heyward, Sir Rob. Atkyns, Sir Lancelot Lake, Mr. Clifford, Mr. Pryn, Lord Brereton, Sir Hen. Puckering alias Newton, Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. Lowther, Sir Tho. Gower, Colonel Gray, Mr.

Chetwyn, Serjeant Charlton, Mr. Robinson, Sir Phil. grave, Mr. Musgrave, Lord Richardson, Sir 7 Sir Hen. North, Mr. Graham, Mr. Smith, Sir Anth. Irby, Mr. Reames, Mr. Heath, Mr. Fane, Sir Tho. Strickland, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Jay, Mr. West and all the Members of this House that serve for the several Counties of Westmorland, Cumberland, Northumberland, Yorkshire, and for the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne: And diey are to meet, Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon* in the Exchequer-Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and to peruse the former Statutes concerning this Matter; and to provide, that the same may be supplied as to the Point of Execution, or any other Matter wherein they are defective.

Serjeant Charlton reports, from the Committee of Elections, touching the Election of Haver ford West, depending between Sir William Moreton and Mr. Isaac Lloyd, That the Question was. Whether the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town only, or the Mayor, Burgesses, and Inhabitants, that paid Scotland Lot, had Voices: And that, upon Perusal of the Statute of 31 VIII. the Committee was of Opinion, That the Mayor, Burgesses, and Inhabitants,- that paid Scotland Lot, had Voices: And that, although Mr. Lloyd had the greater Number of Voices, yet divers of them did not pay Scotland‘Lot; and those being set aside. Sir Wm. Moreton Had the major

Number

14 Car. II. Journals of House of Commons.

Number, and so was duly elected. But, upon Information, that divers of the Inhabitants, which gave Voices for Sir Wm. Moreton, did not pay Scotland

Lot;

jRefolved, upon the Question, That the Matter touching the Election for the said Town of West, be

re-committed to the Committee of Elections to examine whether any of the Burgesses and Inhabitants of Haver-ford West did not pay Scotland Lot, which did give Voices for Sir Wm.Moreton and how many; and to make their further Report touching the Election for the said Town.

A Message from the Lords* by Sir Justinian Lewen and Sir Nathanael Hobart,

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have returned you a Bill, intituled, An Act # , with some Amendments

and Provisoes: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill for Confirmation of certain Letters Patents, made and to be made to the Right Noble Lord George Duke of Albemarle, of several Honours, Manors, and Hereditaments, granted to him by his Majesty, were this Day twice read -, and, upon the Question, agreed to.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the Bill be amended accordingly.

The Lord Bruce reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for distributing the Sixty thousand Pounds amongst such suffering Officers as had faithfully and constantly served his Majesty, and his Royal Father, in the War, several Additions and Amendments to be made to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place -, and then delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

And some Amendments being once read; and several of them read the Second time; and, upon the Question, agreed to;

And some Debate arising, as to the Times of Payment

of the Money;

- Resolved, That an Address be made to the King's Majesty, to desire him. That he would be pleased to give Direction, if it may consist with his Majesty's Occasions, That the Money, designed for the suffering Officers, may be so charged and proportioned, that the whole Sixty thousand Pounds may be paid and distributed at Michaelmas next: And the Lord Bruce, Sir Meres, Mr. Clifford, Colonel Windham, and Sir Edmund are

to attend his Majesty with this Address

Ordered, That it be referred to Sir Charles,

Sir Robert Atkyns, Sir Thomas Meres, the Lord Bruce, and Sir Edmund Peirfe, or any Three of them, to prepare and bring in a Paragraph, to be inserted in the Bill for ascertaining the Time of Rating of Offices, to commence from the Twenty-fifth of December, and to determine at the End of Eighteen Months, for that Time; and for setting the Rates at Eight Pounds per Centum per Annum upon Offices, for that Time, according to the Value that Offices are now at, this present Year.

Richard Chafe (the Constable, who, for his Breach of Privilege, in seizing and detaining Mr. Whorwood, a Member of this House, and his uncivil Carriage towards him, was, by former Order of this House, committed to the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms), being this Day brought to the Bar of this House; and haying submitted himself, and craved Pardon for his Miscarriage; and being withdrawn;

Resolved, upon the Question, That the £ud Chafe be called in to the Bar of this House v and do receive a Represension from Mr. Speaker, upon his Knee: And that thereupon he be discharged.

And the said Constable was accordingly called in; and.

being upon his Knee, Mr. Speaker gave him a very gravd Represension: And so he was dismissed.

Upon Information to this House, That Thomas -shavo, of Siddington in the County of Chester, Gentleman, having obtained a Judgment against Sir Gilbert,

and Henry Seddon, one of his Servants; and that Mr. Edward Shacklock, of Mofton-Hall in the County of Lari-caster, being Attorney for Hen and, at s

Instigation, caused Execution to be taken forth upon that Judgment, and served upon s Goods, notwith-

standing that Seddon was Sir Gilbert's Servant, and that a Writ of Error, upon that Judgment, was sued out, and then in Force; and, after the whole Money was paid unto the Sheriff for the County of which Mr

Shacklock, by his Bill, demanded, in Discharge of that Execution, they redeiv€d the greatest Part thereof, but denied the Remainder; and linCe have, and still do, vexatioufiy prosecute the Renewing of the Execution;

Ordered, That the Matter be referred to the Committee of Privileges, to examine the Breach of Privilege objected against the said Tho. Henfhaw and Edw. Shacklock: And the said Parties are, upon Summons, to attend the said Committee; and, upon Notice of This, ordered to forbear all further Prosecution at Law, upon the Judgment and Execution above-mentioned, against Sir Gilb. Ireland, and Henry Seddon his Servant.

Ordered, That the Matter upon the Bill for Highways be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Sabbati, 5° Aprill, 140 Car.

Prayers.

QRdered, That Sir Robert Atkyns, Sir John Ttslbot. Sir William Doyley, Sir Allen Apjley, Sir Allen Brodrick, and all the Gentlemen of this House which are of the: Long Robe, be added to the Committee to which the Bill for making navigable the River was committed.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, for confirming, explaining, and enlarging an Adf, for the Levying of certain Monies, due upon the Collection for the Protestants of Piedmont, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be read the Second time on Monday.

A Bill for repairing and maintaining the Harbour of Harwich in Essex was this Day read the First rime: But, bang brought in without Leave, was ordered to be withdrawn.

Sir Charles Harbord reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for regulating the Pilchard-Fishing, in the West, was committed, several Amendments to be made to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered the feme in at the Clerk's Table.

And the Amendments being twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to;

Resolved, That the said Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Mr. Mountague reports, from the Committee to which

the ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, to enable the Bishop of London to make Leases of the House built upon the Site of his Palace in London, was committed, several Amendments to be made, and a Provish to be added to the Bill: Which were twice readi; and, upon the Second Reading of the Second Amendment;

Resolved, That the Blank, in the Second Amendment, be filled up with the Word " Twenty."

5 H The

Mr.

Journals of the I-Ioufe of Commons. i

The rest of the Amendments, and the Proviso, were, Upon the Second Reading, upon the Question, severally

agreed to.

Resolved', That the said Bill he read the Third time On

Monday Morning.

Sir John Cory ton made' Report, That his Majesty being attended, upon the Address from this House, touching the Money in the Hands of Mr. , to be 'applied

for Redemption of the Captives of and

was pleased to declare. That he intended the Money for That Use j and held it no less than Sacrilege, it should be diverted to any other.

Resolved, That an Address be made, from this House, to his Majesty, by the Lord Falkland and Mr. Henry Coventry, to acquaint his Majesty, That it is the Desire of this House, that his Majesty would be ple&fed to direct, that the Money, resting due in the Hands of Mr.

when it shall be recovered, may be employed lor the Benefit and Redemption of such Persons as were taken Captives by the Pirates of ‘Tunis and , at the Time when the said Money was raised1, or since* according as it was originally intended.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to

which the Bill concerning Bedford Level was committed, be heard on Monday Morning , after the Matter upon the Report, made by Mr. Knight, from the Committee of Trade.:

Ordered, That the Bill for Confirmation of an Act, touching Judicial Proceedings, be read on Monday Morning.

Amendments, lent from the Lords,' to the Bill for Repair of the Highways and Streets, were this Day twice read.

Resolved, That these Words, K according to the Standard," be inserted, after the Word High," into that Clause, in the Second Amendment, concerning the Size of Horses: And that this House doth agree to the former Part of the Second Amendment, with that Addition.

The Question being put, To adhere to the Bill, as to the Number of Hackney-Coachmen to be Four hundred-, which, by the latter Part of the Second Amendment, and the Third Amendment, were reduced to Three hundred,

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put. To agree to the Ninth Amendment, concerning the Standing of Carts cross the Streets, While they are lading and unlading; '

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, To adhere to the Bill, as-to the Description of the Passage by , mentioned in the former Part of the Fifteenth Amendment,

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the latter Part of the said Amendment, so far as to insert thele Words, " obstructed by a Rail, and the Unevenness of the Ground thereabouts."

The rest of the Amendments, upon the Second Reading, were, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

A Proviso concerning Exeter-House being twice read;

And the Question being put. To agree to the said Proviso;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Proviso, concerning Lay-stalls for Dung and Soil, being twice read -,

The Question being put, To agree to the said Proviso;

It palfed in the Negative.

Resolved, That a Conference be desired, to be had with the Lords, upon the Particulars of the said Amendments and Provisoes not agreed to.

The House then resumed the Debate upon the Amendments, Additions, and Provisoes, reported to the Bill for the Highways in general: Which were twice read; and foveral of them, upon the Question, agreed to.

Resolved, That a Clause be prepared, to provide, that no Travelling Carr, Waggon, Wain, or Carriage, thac goes for Hire, shall travel with, or use, above Seven Horses at one time -, and that those which shall employ. Seven Horses, shall use Six of them in Pairs.

Resolved, That, as to such Travelling Carts, Waggons* Wains, or Carriages, that go for Hire, wherein Horses shall be employed to draw at Length, Five Horses only at a time shall be made use of, and no more.

ResolvedfThax. fetch Travelling Carts, Waggons, Wains, or Carriages, that go for Hire, as shall be drawn with Horses and Oxen mixed, shall have Six Oxen and Two Horses only at a time for that Purpose, and no more.

Resolved, That fetch Travelling Carts, Waggons, Wains, or Carriages, that go. lor Hire, that shall travel and be drawn withOxen only, shall be confined to use die Number of Eight Oxen* and no more.

Ordered, That no Travelling Cart, Waggon, Wain* or Carriage* that goes for Hire, shall caFry above Thirty hundred Weight, from the First Day oft April, until t-hd First Day of October, yearly: And that from the First of OEtcher, until the First of April, yearly, no Travelling Cart, Waggon* Wain, or Carriage, that goes lor Hite* shall carry above Twenty hundred Weight.

Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed to the formes Committee, to prepare and bring in Amendments, according to the Inst ructions-and Votes before-mentioned.; and also to call before them, and confide with, fume Wheelwrights, or any other Persons as they shall think fit, for ascertaining the Breadth of Wheels to be used for Waggons, Carts* and Carriages j and to make fetch further Alterations and Amendments as they shall see Cause ? And, for that Purpose* the said Committee are revived; and to fit this Afternoon* at Three of the Clock: And Sir Robert Atky ns. Sis John Talbot, Mr. Hunger ford. Sir Henry Newton, and Mr. Bainton, are added to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Committee of Trade do fit on Mon~ day, at Two of the Clock, in the Afternoon; and do, In the First Place, take into Consideration the Matter concerning Bullion; and do lpced their Report therein.

Lunce, 70 AfritiS) 140 Car,

Prayers,

ABiH for confirming of a Sale of Lands, made by John Coppleston to John Mayne, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill, for settling a Capital Messuage or Mansion-House, with the Appurtenances, in Kenftngton in the County of Middlesex, upon Baptist Viscount Camp~ den, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed to Lord Bruce, Sir Adrian Scroope, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Ashburnham, Sir Bain. Throckmorton, Sir Tho. Gower, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Pryn, Sir Clifford Clifton, Sir Hen. Newton, Mr. Walden, Mr. Wandesford, Dr. Birkinbead, Sir Solomon Swale, Lord St. John, Sir Lancelot Lake, Colonel Reames, Sir Rob, AtkSir Hen. Herbert, Sir Edm. Peirfe, Sir John Coriton, Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. Elliot, Colonel Robinson, Sir Rob. HoSir Edm. Pye: And

they are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber, at Two of the Clock this Afternoon: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, for confirming, explaining, and enlarging an Act, intituled, An Act for the Levying of certain Monies* due upon the Collection for the Protestants of Piedmont, was this Day read the Second time: And no Exception taken to it;

Ordered,

5

Ordered, That this Bill be read again the Third time That the said Bill, with the Amendments

Tomorrow Morning. agreed to, be ingrafted.

An ingrossed Bill, ferit from the Lords, intituled, An Act Declaratory concerning Bankrupts, was this Day read the First time.

Ordered, That this Act be read the Second time To-

morrow Morning.

The Lord Bruce reports. That the King's Majesty having been attended, upon the Address directed to be made from this House to his Majesty, touching the charging and proportioning the Sixty thousand Pounds* rdesigned for the suffering Officers, so as the Whole might be paid at Michaelmas; That his Majesty did express a great Readiness to comply with the Desires of this House, in This or any Thing that was in his Power, and his Occasions would permit: And, to that End, had sent, both to the Lord High Treasurer, and Chancellor of the Exchequer, to fee whether the Thing defi red might be done: But it was found, that the Monies, upon the Eighteen Months AsselTment, as to all other Counties, saving those assigned for this Purpose, were already assigned for the Use of the Navy, and other publick Uses, that were of Necessity to be supplied: But that about Thirty thousand Pounds of this Money would come in about November; and, if it were possible, some Course should be taken for quickening the Payment of the rest.

Ordered, That this House will resume the Matter upon "the Amendments to the Bill for distributing the Sixty thousand Pounds amongst the suffering Officers, that have faithfully served his Majesty, and his Royal Father, Tomorrow Morning, the first publick Business.

The House, according to the Order made Yesterday, did resume the Debate of the Matter upon the Report made from the Committee of Trade, touching the Woolen Manufacture: Which Report was. That the House should be moved, that Liberty be given to all Merchants, to transport, and carry out of this Kingdom, any of the English Manufactures, made of Wool, to any Port or Place beyond the Seas, lying within the Limits and Bounds of the Merchant-Adventurers Patent, until the Twenty-fifth of December next.

The Question being put. That the main Question, for agreeing with the Committee, shall be now put;

The House was divided.

The Noes went out.

r Tellers for the Yeas:

\ With the Yeas, f Tellers for the Noes: '

£ With the Noes,

And so it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House do proceed in the Debate of this Matter Tomorrow at Ten of the Clock.

Mr. King,

Mr. Knight,

Sir Tho. Bl,

Sir Rich. Ford,

59*

61.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mar t is,8° Apr Ms 14? Car.

Prayers.

A Bill for making St. Paul Covent-Garden a Parish was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read the Second rime Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Philip Musgrave reports, from the Committee to Which the Bill-for Preventing of Theft and Rapine, upon the Northern Borders of England, was committed, several Amendments to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and delivered them in at the Clerk's Table.

And the same being twice read; and, upon the Question, federally agreed to;

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, for Regulation of the Pilchard-Fishing in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords; for explaining an Act touching the Protestants of Piedmont, be read Tomorrow.

The Lord Bruce reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for the distributing the Sixty thousand Pounds, and for assessing Offices, for Supply of the suffering Persons that had faithfully served his Majesty, or his Royal Father, was Committed, several Amendments and Additions to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Resolved, That the Debate of the Matter upon the said Amendments be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, the first publick Business.

Sir Robert Alky ns reports, from the Committee t6 which the Bill for repairing and maintaining the Highways in general was committed , and, by Order of the Fifth of this Month, re-committed, to prepare and bring in Paragraphs and Amendments, according to the Votes and Instructions therein expressed; several Amendments, by Paragraphs and Provisoes: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered them in at the Clerk's Table. And the fame, being twice read, were, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

The House did then proceed in the Reading of the rest of the Amendments, formerly reported: And, upon the Second Reading thereof;

Resolved, That these Words, " not otherwise by this Act disposed of," be inserted into the Amendment, after the Word "

Resolved, That these Words, " or where the Right of repairing, or Title of any Person, shall come in question," be inserted into die Amendment, after the Word ‘‘ , y*

Ordered, That another Clause, in relation to Certiorari's to be allowed, be added to the Amendment, after the Word u ."

Which was done accordingly.

A Provilb, on the Behalf of Mr. and

Mr. Portman, was twice read.

The Question being put. To agree to the said Proviso;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Proviso, on the Behalf of such as shall ba sued for executing the Act; was twice read.

Resolved, That these Words, " or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment be given against the Plaintiff-, or if, upon Try^l, a Verdict shall pals for the Defendant;" be inserted in the Proviso, after the Word " appeared."

Which was done accordingly; and the Proviso; upon the Question, agreed to.

Resolved, That these Words* " after Notice given of their being chosen, and Twenty Days after Publication of this Act, be inserted, in the Amendment, after the Word " ."

Ordered, That Leave be given for bringing in a Proviso, on the Behalf of the Inhabitants within Five Miles of the City of Oxford* after the Bill for the Highways is ingrossed.

Ordered, That, before the Bill be ihgfoffed, Mr. Pryn, Sir Robert Atkyns, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Smith, Mr. Solli-citor-General, Sir Lancelot Lake, Mr. Crouch, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Thomas Gower, Sir John , or any Three of them, do peruse the Bill, and the several Amendment; Paragraphs, and Provisoes; and place and rank them in such Method and Order, that they may cohere and agree: And that the Bill be new-writ, as they shall direct.

Ordered,

A. 1661.

400 Journals of the House of Commons.

Ordered, That it be referred to the same Persons, to prepare and bring in a Clause, for all Judges of Assize, Oyer and Terminer, and Justices of the Peace, within their several Circuits and Precincts, to enable them to act as Commissioners for the charitable Uses given for repairing the Highways, Bridges, and Causeways; and to consider of the Fords and Bridges j and report their Opinions therein.

Ordered, That Sir John Duncombe, Sir John Denham, Ser jeant Charlton, Sir Robert and Sir Rob. How-

ard, do prepare and draw up Reasons, to be infilled on at the Conference to be had with the Lords, upon the Points of the Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill concerning the Streets and Highways in and near London and Westminster, as to such Part of them wherein

this House doth differ from the Lords.

Ordered, That several Parchments, produced this Day, wherein that illegal Oath, called " The Solemn League and Covenant," was written, and subscribed with several Names; and one of them subscribed with the Names of the Speaker, and many other Members, of the then Commons House, of their own Hand-writing; be burned by the Hand of the Common Hangman, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, in the Palace-Yard: And the Serjeant at Arms attending this House is to fee this performed: And the Sheriffs of London and are

to afiill him.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir JuJlinian and Sir Thomas Bird, Two of the Mailers of the Chan-

eery;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have returned you a Bill for confirming a Decree, made on the Behalf of ham Esquire, and the Improvements, Exchanges, and Allotments, therein mentioned, with a small Amendment.

And they have sent you Four Bills: One, for the Im-powering of Sir Courtney Poole and Sir John Drake, Baronets, and others, to make Payment of the Portion of Elizabeth Brifco Widow, one of the Daughters of Sir John Drake Knight, by Sale of the Manor of Lymington in the County of Sommerfet , or by granting Estates out of the fame, or otherwise: One other Act, for Confirmation of Agreements, made between Thomas Bushell Esquire, and the Miners of Row-Pitts in Sommersetshire, for recovering their drowned and deserted Works: One other Act, for Naturalizing of Charlotte Heffen Wife of Thomas Killegrew Esquire, Groom of his Majesty's Bedchamber, and his Three Sons and Katharine Heffen Wife of Sir John Sayers, and his Three Sons: And one other Act, for Confirming of Two Acts therein mentioned: Wherein they desired the Concurrence of this House.

The House resuming the further Debate of the Matter, upon the Report made from the Grand Committee of Trade, touching Woolen Manufactures;

Some Proposals were tendered, for reconciling the Difference between the Free Merchant Traders, and the Company of Merchant Adventurers.

The Question being put. That the Paper, containing the Proposals, be read,

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, upon the Question, That this House doth agree with the Grand Committee of Trade, in thtirVote, That Liberty be given to all Merchants, to transport, and carry out of this Kingdom, any of the English Manufactures, made of Wool, to any Part or Place beyond the Stas, lying within the Limits and Bounds of the Merchant-Adventurers Patent of the Hamborough Company, until the Five-and-twentieth Day of December next.

Resolved, upon the Question, That Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Clifford, Sir John Talbot, Sir James Smith, and Mr. Fowell, do attend his Majesty, and acquaint him with the Vote of this House , and desire, that Iris Majesty will be pleased to issue his Proclamation for putting it in Execution.

3

Ordered, That the Petition of several Clothiers of divers Counties, now resident in London, in Behalf of themselves, and all others of the same Trade, and of the numerous People of this Kingdom, be referred to the Grand Committee of Trade > to take the same into Consideration.

Ordered, That Sir John Newton and Mr. Taylor be added to the Committee, to whom the Lord Viscount Campion's Bill is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning at Eight of the Clock.

Mercurii, 90 /.Iprish, 140 Car.

Prayers.

A Bill to define what Mines shall be taken and adjudged to be Mines Royal, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed to Sir John Norton, Lord St. John, Sir Rob. Holt, Sir Rob. Atkyns,

Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Tho. Gower, Mr. Long, Sir IVm. Fleet-wood, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Phil. Musgrave, Sir Edm. Pye,

Sir Rob. Howard, Colonel Kirkby, Sir Rich. Braham, Mr. Oakley, Sir IVm. Doyley, Colonel Robinson, Sir Clement

Throckmorton, S\\Roger Bradshaigh, Sir Sir

Rich. Mauleverer, Mr. Pryn, Sir Bainkam Throckmorton, Lord Bruce, Sir Lancelot Lake, Mr. Sollicitor-General,

Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. Sir

Hen. Puckering alias Newton, Mr. Crouch, Sir Rob.

Mr. Bifcowen, Mr. Trelawney, Sir Tho. Strickland, Sir

John Coriton, Mr. Whorwood, Sir Hen. Colonel Gray, Sir John Newton, Mr. Collins, and all the Members of this House, that are of the Long Robe: And all the Members that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet in the Exchequer-Chamber Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to fend for Persons, Papers, aind Records.

Ordered, That the Committee against exporting Wool and Wool-fells be revived -, and do fit this Afternoon, at the Place formerly appointed.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Clothiers and Inhabitants of several Counties be read Tomorrow Morning, the first Business.

Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill, lent from the Lords, for making Rivers navigable, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the pretended Act, for enlarging the Time for taking the Engagement, be burned this Morning at Ten of the Clock, with the Covenant, by the Common Hangman.

The House then proceeded upon the remaining Amendments to the Bill for distributeing the Sixty thousand Pounds amongst the suffering Party, that had faithfully served his Majesty, and his Royal Father , and for Taxing of Offices for their further Supply.

And the said Amendments being twice read;

Resolved, That these Words, " Cities or Places,* be inserted into the Amendment, after the Word " .'*

Which was done accordingly.

The rest of the Amendments, saving only the Lists of Commissioners Names, were twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

Some of the Lists of the Names being once read; Resolved, That the further Reading of the Lifts be adjourned to, and assumed, Tomorrow Morning, at Seven of the Clock.

Sir Henry North reports, from the Committee to which. the Bill touching the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, was committed, several Amendments and

Additions

14 Car. II. Journals of the House of Commons. 401

Additions to be made and added to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after* delivered the same in at the Clerk's Tabie.

And the said Amendments and Additions being once read;

Resolved, That the said Amendments and Additions be read the Second time: And that the House do proceed thereupon Tomorrow at Nine of the Clock.

Sir Robert Howard reports the Realons and Instructions,

agreed by the Committee, to be infilled on at the Conference to be had with the Lords, upon the Amendments to the Bill concerning the Streets and Highways iii and near London and Westminster.

Resolved, That this House doth allow the said Reasons and Instructions.

And Sir Robert Howard is to go up to the Lords, to desire a Conference upon the Amendments.

Sir Robert Howard reports, That he had been with the Lords: And that they had consented to a present Conference in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That Sir Robert HSir John

Sir Rob. Atkyns, Mr. Birch, Sir 'Thomas , Mr.

Henry Coventry, Lord Gorges, Dr. Birkinbead, Sir Allen

Brodrick, and Mr. Pryn, do manage the Conference.

An ingrossed Bill, for regulating the Pilchard-Fishing in the Counties of Cornwall and , was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be, An Act for regulating the Pilchard-Fishing in the West of England.

And Colonel Robinson is to carry up this Bill to the Lords.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, concerning the Protellants of Piedmont, was this Day read the Third

time.

Resolved, That this House doth assent to the said Bill.

Resolved, That the Title, being. An Act for explaining an Act touching the Protellants of , be also

agreed to.

Ordered, That Mr. Crouch do make his Report Tomorrow, from the Committee to which the Bill concerning Sir Robert Hit chain's charitable Uses Was committed.

Ordered, That all the Members of the Long Robe, and Mr. Crouch, Sir Thomas Gower, Sir Anthony Mr. Henley, Sir Richard Temple, Sir Thomas Wendy, and

Mr. Lucy, be added to the Committee* to whom the Bill for regulating Elections is committed.

Ordered, That the Lord Bruce, Sir Thomas Gower, Sir Edmund Pooley, and Mr. Long, be added to the Committee, to which the Bill for making navigable the River of IVey in Surrey was committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Seven of the Clock.

yovis, 1 o° April 140

Prayers.- ,

iTjRdered, That the Five Sylvejters, namely, , and such other Persons that were in the Bill for Naturalizing, that had not paid their Fees, and were, by Order of this House, to attend Mr. Speaker, to give Satisfaction therein, but refuse so to do, although they have been summoned, shall, upon Summons, attend this House -, to answer their Refusal, and Contempt of the Order of this House; and the Matter objected against them, for not paying their due Fees.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to the Committee, to which the Bill for Repair of Bengworth-

Rridge was committed; viz. Sir Edm. Peirfe, Sir John Brampfion, Sir Sol. Swale, Colonel Robinson, Mr. John Trelawney, Mr. Sam. Trelawney, Sir Lane. Lake, Colonel John Robinson, Mr. Greenvill, Mr. Crouch, Mr Mr.

Jay, Sir John Mar ley. Sir Hum. , Sir Phil. Howard: And the Committee is revived , and do fit this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Exchequer-Chamber.

A Bill to confirm a Sale of Lands, made by John -plejtcn Elquife to John Mayne was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed to Sir Rob. Brooke, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Wm. Doyley, Mr.

Mr. Clifford, Sir John Rdufe, Sir Rich. , Mr.

Knight, Mr. Readies, Mr. Jones, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Bain. Throckmorton, Mr. John Colonel Edm.

Windham. Mr. Cornwallis, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Rich. Brabam, Sir Edm. Pooley, Sir

riton, Mr. Pryn, Sir Anth. Irby, Mh Vaughan, Mr. Marvell, Sir Fra. Vincent, Mr. Sandis, Sir Everard, Mr. Onslow, Sir Hen. Newton alias Puckering, and all the Members of this House, that serve for the Counties of Devon and Cornwall: And they are to meet in the Exchequer-Chamber this Afternoon at Two Of the Clock: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords; for confirming an Agreement between Thomas Bushell Esquire, and the Miners of Row-Pitts in Somerfe, was this Day read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time on Saturday next.

A Bill against dealing of Children and Servants, and carrying them beyond the Seas, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Knight, Mr. Jones, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Bain. Throckmorton, Sir John RSir

ley, Sir Rob. Howard, Mr. Pry*, Dr. Aider-

man Fowke, Sir Cha. Harbord, Mr. Finch, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir John Marley, Sir Hen. Puckering alias Newton, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Wm. Doyley, Sir John Newton, Sir Allen Brodrick: And all the Members of this House, that come to the Committee, are to have Voices thereat: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Clothiers, and other Inhabitants of several Counties, was this Day read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the same Committee to which the Bill against importing Wool and Wool-fells was committed; to take the same into Consideration , and receive such Proposals as they shall find proper.

Sir Richard Everard reports, from the Committee to which the Bill against exporting Leather, and regulating Abuses in tanning and dressing Leather, was committed, several Amendments to the said. Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, . in his Place and after, delivered the feme in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Amendments being twice read \

Resolved, That these Words, " and Sheep-lkins dressed without the Wool," be added, after the Word " Calve-Ikins," in one of the Amendments; and the Words " Sheep-lkins as," in the last of the Amendments, after the Word " Calve-lkins."

Which was done accordingly.

Resolved, That the said Bill, with the Amendments so altered and agreed to, be ingrossed.

Mr. Crouch reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for settling the charitable Uses of Sir Robert Hitcbam was committed, several Amendments to the lad Bill.: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

5 I And

b

Journals of the House of Commons. A. 1661.

Arid the Amendments being read the First time; and Tome of them, until the Amendment in the Twentieth 'Line of the Fifteenth Sheet, being read the Second time; were, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

The Question being put. To agree to the Amendment in the Twentieth Line of the Fifteenth Sheet;

It passed in the Negative.

The rest of the Amendments following, until the Amendment in the Twenty-sixth Line of the Eighteenth Folio, were, upon the Second Reading, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Which Amendment was to the same Purpose with the former, which was difegreed to.

And the Question being again put, To agree to the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The subsequent and last Amendment was, upon the Second Reading, upon the Question, agreed to.

Resolved, That the said Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrafted.

The House then proceeded to the reading the Commissioners Names, to be inserted into the Bill for distributing the Sixty thousand Pounds amongst the suffering Cavaliers j and Rating of Offices, for their further Supply.

And the same being twice read; and agreed to;

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, Additions, Provisoes, and Commissioners Names, agreed to, be ingrafted.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir fton and Sir Nathaniel Hobart;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a present Conference with this House, upon the Bill for Uniformity, in the Painted Chamber.

The Messengers being withdrawn;

ResolvedfYhzt this House doth agree to a present Conference: And that Serjeant Keel, Serjeant Sir

Rob. Howard, Sir Robert Atkyns, Sir Tho. , and

Dr, Birkinbead, do make Report from the Conference.

The Messengers being called'in; Mr. Speaker does acquaint them. That the House had agreed to a present Conference.

Ordered, That the Amendments and Additions to the Bill touching Bedford Level be proceeded in on Saturday Morning.

Another Message from the Lords, by Sir Moundeford Brampjton and Sir Nathaniel Hobart;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a present free Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject-Mattes of the last Conference, concerning the Amendments to the Bill for repairing and cleaning the Streets and Highways in London and and

Parts adjacent; and do also desire, that this House would expedite the Bill concerning the Level of the Fens, called Lindsey Level, with what Speed you can.

And the Messengers being withdrawn;

Resolved., That this House doth agree to a present free Conference to be had with the Lords: And Serjeant Charlton, Sir Robert HowardSir John Sir

Rob. Atkins, Mr. Birch, Sir 'Tho. Littleton, Mr. Hen.

ventry, Lord Gorge, Dr. BirkinSir Allen Brodrick, Mr. Pryn, Serjeant Keeling, Mr. Mountague, and Mr. Vaughan, are to manage the said Conference.

Serjeant Keeling reports, from the Conference had with the Lords, upon the Bill for Uniformity, That the Reason His the Delay of the said Bill was, that the Book of Common-Prayer had, by reference from his Majesty, been under the Confederation of the Convocation: W ho had made dome Alterations and Additions thereunto: And that the Lords had perused the feme; as also the Bill, sent from this House; and had returned the feme, together with the Book of Common-Prayer, as the same is amended, and, by them, agreed to; and some Amendments and Pro-

2

vilbes to the Bill: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House: And delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Resolved, upon the Question, That this House will enter upon the Consideration and Debate of this Matter Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Lord Richardson, Colonel Robinson, Mr. Newport, Mr. Vaughan, Dr. Ryfhton, and Mr.

fen, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill concerning Cuthbert Morley was committed.

Sir Robert Howard reports, from the Conference had with the Lords, upon the Amendments to the Bill for repairing and cleansing the Streets and Highways in London and Westminster, and Parts adjacent. That the Lords

had concurred with this House in all Things, feve only as to the rejecting the Proviso tendered to be added to the Bill, as to the exempting of Exeter-House; which they desired might be made Part of the Bill.

The Question being put. To adhere to the Bill, with: out admitting the said Proviso;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That a Conference be desired, on Monday Morning, to be had with the Lords, upon the Subject-Matter of the last Conference, in relation to the Proviso concerning Exeter-Hotfe.

Resolved, That the Committee, to which the Bill corn-cerning Lindsey Level was committed, do fit de die in diem, if they find Cause, till they have finished their Report concerning That Matter.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the Interest of Sir Charles Hiiffey, a Member of this House, in the Level of the Fens called Lindsey Level, shall be heard at the Bar of this House.

The Question being put. That the Matter, as to the Interest and Title of Sir Charles Huffey, a Member of this , to the Level of the Fens called Lindsey Level, shall be heard at the Bar of this House upon Thursday next

The House was divided. The Yeas went out.

Mr. Treasurer,

Mr. Progers,

Sir Antb. Irby

Mr. Palmer,

And so it was resolved

3°-

‘Tellers for the Noes: 7 With the Noes, J Tellers for the Yeas: 7 With the Yeas, f 52 in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That all Parties concerned shall have notice, that..... may attend, and be heard, at the Time before appointed for the Hearing of Sir Charles Hujfty's Tide at the Bar of this House.

Upon Information to this House, That these Persons hereafter mentioned; viz. John Awood senior, Richard Sanders junior, John Pardo junior, John HJohn Ran-

dell, Phil. Portman, John Amp, and Samuel Hamby, by colour of being Constables, Churchwardens, or Overseers for the Poor of the Parish of in the County of Worcester, had, upon the Pretence of some Money due from Colonel Samuel Sandys, a Member of this House, to the Poor; and had distrained the Cattle of the said Colonel Sandys; and caused them to be sold, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Resolved, upon the Question, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, or his Deputy, do apprehend, and take into his Custody, the said John Awood senior, Richard Sounder junior, John Pardo junior, dell, Philip Portman, John A, and Samuel Hamby, to answer their Misdemeanors, and Breach of Privilege, in distraining and felling the Cattle of the said ColoneL Sandys, although they knew him to be a Member of this House.

Vmeris>

ed by

Veneris, 11 ° Aprilis, 14.0 Car.

A BILL, to impower Sir Courtney Poole and Sir John Drake Baronets, to make Payment of the Portion of Elizabeth Brifcoe Widow, one of the Daughters of Sir John Drake Baronet, by Sale of the Manor of in the County of Somerset, or by granting Estates out of the fame, or otherwise, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Committee, to which the Bill against Stealing of Children and Servants is committed, do also take into their Considerations what Persons (who have been taken in Arms, or otherwise seized, and taken into Custody, for their Service and Loyalty to his Majesty, or his Royal Father) have been transported into and enslaved in any Plantations, or Parts beyond the Seas; and to consider of some Means for their Enlargement, and being brought home to their own Country; and to fend for* and examine such Persons as have been Instruments in their Transporting and Enslaving , and report the Matter to this House.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act Declaratory concerning Bankrupts* was this Day read the Second time.

- Resolved, That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Smithy Mr. Marvell, Mr. Vaughan, Colonel Birch, Mr.

Lord Fanjbaw, Sir Lane. Lak, Sir The. , Mr.

'Knight, Sir Edm. Peirfe, Serjeant Colonel Windham, Sir John Harrison, Mr. Chetwind, Sir Rich.

Mr. Taylor, Mr. Fane, Mr. R Sir Rob. Holt, Mr. Crouch, Dr. Birkenhead, Lord Breteton, Sir Rich. , Colonel Kirkby, Sir Jeoffrey Shacker ley, Mr. , Sir Allen Brodricky Lord Herbert, Mr. Sir Geo.

Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir Tho. A, Sir John,

Colonel Robin/on. Sir Hum. W, Mr. , Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Rob. Atkyns, Mr. , Sir Antb.

Irby, Sir John Rouse, Mr. Eyr, Mr. , Mr.

lawney, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Morris, Lord , Sir Hen.

Newton alias Puckering, Sir John , Sir Wm. Tirring-ba;n, Sir Allen Apfley, Mr. Wm. , and all the

Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And all the Members that come to the said Committee are to have Voices thereat: And they are to consider of the Judgment against Sir John Woljlenholme'y and to meet, in the Speaker's Chamber, Tomorrow in the Afternoon at Two of the Clock: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill for enabling Mr. Milwr.rd to fell Lands, be read Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrafted Bill, sent from the Lords, to enable William Lord Widdrington to fell some Lands for the paying his Brothers and Sifters Portions, and providing for his younger Children, was this Day read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time on Monday next.

An ingrossed Bill, to enable Charles , and Gil-

bert his Son and Heir-Apparent, to fell Lands to pay the Debts of the said Charles the Father, was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, That the find Bill do pass; And that the Title shall be. An Act to enable Charles , and

Gilbert his Sop and Heir-Apparent, to fell Lands to pay the Debts of the said Charles the Father.

And Mr. Milward is to carry it up to the Lords.

Ordered, That the Bill for repairing the Highways be re-committed to the same Committee which were appointed to peruse the Bill, and the several Amendments and Provisoes thereto; and to rank and place them in such Order, that they may cohere j and then the Bill to be new-writ: And they are to review the said Bill, so new-

written, and to make any further Alterations and Atoehd-ments thereto, as they shall see Cause; and report the feme to this House.

The Lord Bruce reports, from the Committee, to which the Bill for making navigable the Rivers Wye and Lugg in Herefordshire was committed* several Amendments to be made, and Provisoes to be added to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in the Bill; and after* delivered the feme in at the Clerk's Table: And the said Amendments and Provisoes being twice read; and the Words " Gloucester or Monmouth respectively " being, upon the Question, agreed to be inserted into one of the Provisoes, after the Word " Herand being inserted accordingly; and the said Amendments and Provisoes being, upon the Second Reading, severally agreed to;

Resolved, That the said Bill, with the Amendments and Provisoes so agreed to, be ingrossed;

Ordered, That the general Bill, for making all Rivers navigable* be read Tomorrow Morning. !:

Resolved, upon the Question, That, die House do now proceed upon the ingrossed Bill, for Distribution of the Sixty thousand Pounds amongst the suffering Cavaliers, and for Rating of Offices for their further Supply.

And the said ingrossed Bill being read the Third time; and several Commissioners Names being added, and twice read; and, upon the.Question, agreed to;

The Question being put, That the Judges of the Four Courts in W >JlmivJler-Hallbe.exempted out of the said Bill;.

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Blank in the Bill be filled up with " the First Day of November."

Which was done accordingly.

Resolved, upon the Question, That these Words, " other than of the Officer himself," be inserted into the Bill.

Which was done accordingly.

The Question being put, That these Words " by Oath,'* shall stand in the Bill;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Sir Rob. Holt, f Tellers for the NoeS: ") ,

Sir Edm. Peirfe,) With the Noes, J

Mr. Hen. Williams, f Tellers for the Yeas: *) ,

Mr. Sandys, \ With the Yeas, j ?

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Proviso being tendered to be added to the Bill, That no Monies which should be collected or received upon the Bill, should be ordered or distributed amongst any that were named Commissioners in the Bill; and being thrice read;

Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Proviso be agreed to, and made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the said Bill, so amended, with the Proviso agreed to, do pals: And that the Tide shall be. An Act for Distribution of Sixty thousand Pounds amongst the truly loyal and indigent Commission-Officers, and for Assessing of Offices, and distributing the Monies thereby raised for their further Supply.

And the Lord Bruce is to carry it up to the Lords.

Ordered, That all the Members of this House, thatferve for the Counties of Cornwall, Devon, , or any Port Towns, be added to the Committee to which the Bill against Stealing and ^Transporting of Children and Servants is committed: And all the Members of this House, that shall come to the said Committee, are to have Votes thereat.

Ordered, That the House do proceed upon the Bill for Uniformity Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Matter upon the Amendments' to the Bill concerning Bedford Level be adjourned, from Tomorrow until Monday Morning; and then taken into Confederation.

Ordered, That Sir John ShMr. Cooke., Mr. Holy,

Sir Geo. Ryve, Mr. Lovelace, Sir and Mr.

Lucy, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for' confirming a Sale of Lands made by John Copplefton Esquire to John Mayne Merchant is committed.

Sabbati, \ 2° April'is, id? Car.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, to confirm several Acts therein particularly mentioned, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That this‘ Bill be read the Second time on Monday Morning.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, for impowering Sir Courtney Poole, and others, to make Payment of the Portion of Ellen -BrifcoeWidov/, one of the Daughters of Sir John Drake Knight, by Sale or granting Estates out of the Manor of Limington in the County of was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed to Lord J Bruce, Mr. Reames, Sir Tho. , Sir , Mn

Henley, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Rob. Atkyns, Mr.

Mr. Heath, Svc Tho. Mompeffon, Mr. Fowell, Mr. Whor-wood, Sir Tho. Peyton, Sir Tho , Mr. , Dr.

Birkinhead, Mr. Graham, Mr. Fane, Colonel Colonel Phillips, Sir Bain. Throckmorton, Sir Sir Anth. Irby, Mr. Oakeley, Sir Solomon Swale, Mr Sir Fra.Lawley, Mr. Oneale, Sir John Serjeant

Charlton, Mr. Pryn, Sir Tho. Stewkley, Mr. Croke, Mr. John Ashburnham, Sir Tho. LColonel Windham, Colonel Gilby, Dr. Burwell, Sir Edm. Sir

Wm. Compton, Mr. Waller, Mr. Mr.

and all the Members of this House that serve for the County of Somerset: And they are to meet, in the Speaker's Chamber, this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Mr. Weston, touching the River Wey in Surrey, was this Day read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the same Committee, to which the Bill for making the said River navigable was committed, to take the same into Consideration: And Mr. Fane, Mr. Milward, Sir Jeoffrey Shackerley, Dr. Ryjhton, Mr. Sir John

Sir Chic heft erWrey, Sir John Rouse, Sir Rich. Edgcombe,

Mr. Trevannion, Mr. Herle, Mr. Bofcowcn, Mr. Rob. Roberts, Sir Edw. Moseley, Mr. Wren, Mr. Speccott, Mr. Croke, Mr. Cornwallis, Mr. Jay, and Sir John Salisbury, are added to the said Committee.

Sir Robert Brooke reports, from the Committee, to which the Bill for confirming a Sale of Lands made by John Coppleston Esquire to John Meyne Merchant, several Amendments to be made to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in the Bill; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Amendments being twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, That the said Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill to enable the Sale of some of the Lands of William Milward Esquire, for Payment of some of his Debts, were this Day twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to; and afterward, were read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Amendments, so agreed to, be ingrossed, and made Part of the Bill.

Sir Lancelot Lake reports, from the Committee appointed to review the Bill for Repairing of the Highways (being new-written), and to make any further Alterations end Amendments thereto, as they should feeCause, several

new Amendments and Additions to the said Bill: Which were twice read, and some Amendments made thereto: And all the said Amendments and Additions, saving only the Two last, were, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Bill be recommitted to the said former Committee: And that they do consider of a Proviso to preserve such Compositions as have been touching the Mending of the Highways; and for Recompence to be given for such Damage as may happen by entering into private Grounds to dig Gravel, or other Materials; and also to provide, that where there is no Necessity to put this Act in Execution, in such Places the Repairing of the Highways to be continued upon the former Lands, as the Two near adjoining Justices shall direct -, and also, to consider of the Statutes of Henry the Eighth and Queen Elizabeth, touching Bridges, and the Highways of Sussex; and to bring in such Provisoes as to the Particulars before-mentioned, or any other Amendments or Provisoes, as they shall find necessary: And to fit this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And Mr* Treasurer, Sir John Duncotnbe, and Sir Charles are added to the said Committee.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Child and Sir Moundiford Brampston;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have returned you Two Bills.; the one intituled, An Act to enable the Trustees of Henry Nevill Esquire to fell certain Manors, Lands, and Tenements, in the Counties of Tcrke and Leicester, for Payment of his and his Son Wm. Ncviil's Debts; and likewise, to confirm and strengthen the Sale of such Lands as they have already fold in the County of TcrkeAnd the other intituled, An Act for enabling Thomas Peck Esquire to fell a Manor and some Lands, in the County of for the Payment of his Debts, and other Uses, with some Amendments; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Amendments and Additions, sent from the Lords, to the Bill of Uniformity, were this Day read.

Resolved, That the Amendments in the Book of Common Prayer, lent down from the Lords, be read on Monday next.

Upon Motion made on the Behalf of Thomas Morris Esquire, a Member of this House; it. being informed. That, by an Order of this House made the Seven-and-twentieth of November last, his Cafe, in relation to the Manor of Boyton-Hall (a Lease whereof for One-and-twenty Years was granted unto him by Roger Nightingale, one of the Petty Canons of St. Paul's Church, London, lately deceased), was recommended to the Lords, and others his Majesty's Commissioners for Examination of the late pretended Sales of the Crown and Church Lands; to take the same into Consideration; and give such Relief as they should find Caiife; and if they could not reconcile the Difference, then to certify the Matter of Fast, with their Opinion: And the said Lords and others, Commissioners, having fully examined the Matter, and heard the said Parties and their Counsel at large, made their Order of the Fourteenth of March last;. wherein the same between the said Mr. Morris and the Dean and Chapter of St. Paul was stated; and the Opinion, of the Lords, and others the Commissioners therein declared, " That from whom Mr. Morris claims the Manor of Boyton-Hall, had Power to make the Lease in Question to the said Mr. Morris: And that the Dean and Chapter, claiming no Advantage thereby, ought to have joined to him thereinBut, to the end the Dean and Chapter might be fully answered in all their Objections, the Commissioners had prevailed with Mr. Morris, that ..the ancient Rent, reserved upon

his said Lease, being but Eight Pounds a Year, should be doubled, and made Sixteen Pounds per Ann.; which the Commissioners did approve of as commendable in the said Dean and Chapter to insist upon, and in the said Mr. Morris to condescend unto ;. and did therefore order. That 2 the

the Dean and Chapter be desired to join in the Confirmation of the Lease aforesaid, by affixing their Common Seal thereunto; upon Security by the said Mr: Morris given for the Advance of the Rent* as aforesaid, during the Term of Years granted unto him by the Lease of the said Roger Nightingale:And, in the same the said

Dean and Chapter should refuse the fame, the Commissioners did then appoint the whole same to be reported to the House of Commons. - - .;

Which said Order and Certificate being read j , Resolved, That this House doth concurr in Opinioti

.with the said Commissioners i And that the same of Mr.1 Morris, together with the Order and Certificate of the Lords, and others his Majesty's Commissioners, authorized for Examination of the late pretended Sales of Crown and Church Lands, be recommended from this House to his Majesty, to take the same into his gracious Consideration.

Lunce, 140 ApriLis, 140 Car.

j

Prayers.

UPON Information, That one Richard Castle had, by one Palmer his Attorney, brought an Action of Ejectment, and delivered a Declaration, to try the Title of certain Lands in the County of , in

die Possession of Isaac Lloyd Esquire, a Member of this I louse; and hath distrained the Cattle of Mr. Lloyd, and his Tenants; in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House,

or his Deputy, do apprehend the said Richard and take him into Custody; to anfiver the Breach of Privilege objected against him.

An ingossed Bill, sent from the Lords, for Confirmation of Agreements made between Thomas Bushell Esquire, "and the Miners of Row-Pittsin Scmcrfetshire, for recovering their drowned and deserted Works, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed to Mr. 'J Knight, Sir Hen. Newton alias Mr.

Serjeant Maynard, Mr. Clifford, Mr. Pryn, Mr.

Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Rob. Holt, Sir Rich. Temple, Colonel Windham, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Robert Howard, Mr. Crouch, Sir Clifford Clifton, Colonel Reames, Mr. Wandefford. Colonel Robinson, Mr. Cornwallis, Sir Rich. Eve-' rard, Mr. Hungerford, Sir Edm. Pooley, Mr. Daniell, Mr. Ernley, Sir Bam. Throckmorton, Mr. Smith, Sir Hen. Herbert, Sir John Rouse, Sir John Sir Tho.

Gower, Mr. Waldron, and all the Members of this House that serve for the County of Somerset: And they are to meet, in the Speaker's Chamber, Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Two of the Clock , and to hear the Interest of -all Parties concerned: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Smith reports, from the Committee to which the Bill, intituled, An Act Declaratory concerning Bankrupts, was committed, several Amendments to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in the Bill; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

And the same being twice read; and, upon the Que-ftion, severally agreed to;

Resolved, That the said Bill, with the said Amendments, be read the Third time.

Which being accordingly done;

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said Bill, with the said Amendments; and the Tide thereof.

And Mr. Smith is to return the same to the IiOrds.

An ingossed Bill, sent from the Lords, for Naturalizing of Charlotte Heffen Wife of Thomas Killigrew Esquire, Groom of his Majesty's Bed-chamber, and his Three Sons, and Katherine Heffen Wife of Sir John , and his Three Sons, was this Day read the Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning;

An ingossed Bill, from the Lords* for Confirming of Two Aits therein mentioned, was this Day read the Second time. _ \.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning; ‘

Mr. Pry'n reports, from the Corhmittee to which the Bill for repairing the Highways in general was, by the Order of the Twelfth of this Month, re-committed, to prepare and bring in certain Clauses and Provisoes to be added to the said Bill, according to the Instructions mentioned in the said Order, That the Committee had accordingly-agreed upon Two Provisoes:. Which he read, with the Coherence, in the Bill , and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table:

And the same being twice read *,

Resolved, upon the Question, That the Word " several" be inserted in the First Proviso* after the Word " and before the Word " ."

Resolved, That these Words* and of such Gfounds through which they shall pals," be inserted in the First Proviso, after the Word " thereof," and before the Word *

The Question being put* That the Time for raising Monies by virtue of tire said Act be for Three Years,

It pafTi'd in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Time for raising Money* - by. virtue of the said Act* shall' be limited to Two Years, from Our-Lady-Day 1662.

Ordered, That the Proviso following be inserted into the Bill viz.

" Provided also, and be it further Enabled, That the Power of raising and levying Money, by virtue of this Act, shall continue in Force fof Two Years only, front the Twenty-fifth of March 1662, and no longer: But that all the Powers and Clauses in the said Act shall continue, and stand ih'Force, until #

Resolved, That the Alterations and Amendments before-mentioned be agreed to: And that the Bill, with the several Amendments, Provisoes, and Alterations, agreed to* be ingossed;

Ordered, That the Bill for making Rivers navigable be read Tomorrow Morning;

Ordered, That all the Members of this House* that serve for the Counties of LincolneLeicester,

and Northampton, be added to the Committee to which the Bill for the Lord Viscount Campden was committed.

The Amendments in the Book of Common-Prayer* and Administration of the Sacraments, and other Rites and Ceremonies of the Church of England, sent from the Lords; the Transcript of which Book, lo amended, therewith sent, they desire to be added to the Bill of Uniformity, instead of the Book sent up therewith; was, in Part, read.

And then the House adjourned Lor Two Hours.

Post Merid.

THE rest of the Amendments in the said Book were then read throughout.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the Amendments to the said Bill* with the Additions, sent by the Lords, be read the Second time, and proceeded in Tomorrow Morning at Nine of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Seven of the Clock in the Morning.

*5 K

40 6

Journals of the House of Commons. A. i66z.

Martis, 15° Aprilts, 140 Car, Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill to restrain the Exportation of Leather and Raw Hides, out of the Realm of England, was this Day read the Third time.

Refolded, upon the Question, That these Words, " and the Contrail for the Sale thereof shall he void," be inserted into the Bill, after the Words " Value thereof."

The House was divided. The Yeas went out.

Sir Rob. Howar,

Mr. Hunger ford.

Sir Yho. Gower Sir Rob. Brooke

S4.

119.

Tellers for the Yeas: 7 With the Yeas, j Tellers for the Noes: 7 With the Noes, j And so it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, upon the Question, That Mr. , Mr.

Knight, Mr. Crouch, Dr. Birkin, Lord Fanshaw, Sir Edm. Peirfe, Dr. Burwell, Sir Yho. , and Mr.

Which was done accordingly*, and the Words thrice , or any Six of them, be appointed a Committee,

read *, and agreed to,

The Question being put. That these Words, " except Ireland," be inserted, after the Word " Kingdom;"

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Words were inserted; and thrice read; and agreed to.

to compare the Books of Common-Prayer, sent down from the Lords, with the Book sent up from this House; and to fee whether they differ in any Thing betides the Amendments, sent from the Lords, and already read in this House; and wherein; and to make their Report therein, with all the Speed they can: Arid, for that Pur*

A Proviso, to make the Exportation of Leather, con- pose, they are to meet this Afternoon at. Two of the trary to this Act, a common Nuisance, was twice read. Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the fad Proviso be

agreed to, and made Part of the Bill.

Another Proviso, for carrying of Hides and Leather for the necessary Use of Shipping, was twice read.

Resolved, upon the Question, That these Words, " so as the Number do not exceed Six Raw Hides, and Three Tanned Hides," be inserted at the End of the Proviso.

Which being done; and the Proviso read the Third time;

Ordered, That the Matter upon the Amendments to the Bill concerning the Great l^evel of the Fens, called Bedford Level, be taken into Consideration, and proceeded in, next after the Matter upon the Bill of Uniformity is finished; nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That the Committee, to which the Bill for making Rivers navigable between London and Bristol was

Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Proviso be committed, be revived; and to meet on next, at

agreed to, and made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That these Words, " except ," be

inserted into the Bill.

Resolved, That the Word " Wares" be omitted; and these Words, " in Boots, Shoes, and Slippers," be inserted into the Bill.

Resolved, That the said Bill, with the Provisoes agreed to, do-pals: And that the Title shall be. An Act to restrain the Export tion of Leather and Raw Hides, out of the Realm of England.

And Sir Richard Everard is to carry up this Bill to the Lords.

An ingrafted Bill, sent from the Lords, to enable the Bishop of London to make Leases of the Tenements new-built upon the Site of his Palace in London, together with the Amendments and Proviso agreed by this House

to be made, and added thereto, were this Day read the Table; and agreed to Third time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That, in the First Amendment, the Word " Eighteen" be put in, instead of the Word " Twenty."

Which was done; and thrice read; and agreed to.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments so altered, and the Proviso, be agreed to: And that the Bill be sent back to the Lords for their Concurrence.

Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Mercuriiy 16° Aprilisy 140 Car, Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill, for making navigable the Rivers Wye and Lugg, and the Rivers and Brooks running into the fame, in the Counties of Hereford, Gloucester, and Monmouth, was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Word " Sir " be inserted before the Name " William," and " Knight" after the Word " Sandis," in the first Place; and the Word " Sir" before the Word " William" throughout the Bill.

Resolved, That the Word " respectively" be inserted, after the Word " some."

Which Amendments were accordingly made at the

Resolved, That the said Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, do pass: And that the Title shall be. An Act

And Lords.

the Lord Bruce is to carry up this Bill to the

Resolved, That the Report of Sir Brodrick, touching the Officers of the Court of Wards, shall be heard Tomorrow Morning.

The House then resumed the Debate upon the Amendments, sent down from the Lords, to the Bill of Uniformity: Which were begun to be read the Second time.

Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill to enable Mr. Peck to make Sale of Lands to pay his Debts, were twice read.

ResolvedfThat this House doth agree to the said Amendments: And that the Bill be amended accordingly.

Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill to enable the Trustees of Henry Nevill Esquire to fell certain Manors and Lands in the Counties of Yorke and Leicester, for Payment of his and his Son Win. Debts; and

Resolved, upon the Question, That the First Amend- likewise to confirm and strengthen the Sale of such Lands ment, as to the Title of the Bill, be postponed. as they have already fold in the County of Yorke; were

The Question being put. To agree with the Lords, as twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

to the Amendment to the Compiling of the Book of Common-Prayer by the Bishops, and the Act of Eliz. for injoining it to be used;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The rest of the Amendments, unto the Amendment in the Twenty-fifth Line, were read the Second time; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

Resolved, That the said Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be returned to the Lords.

An ingrafted Bill, for preventing of Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England, was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the Sum of Two

The Question being put. That the Paragraph of the hundred Pounds be inserted into the Bill, as to the Charge Amendment, in relation to the Recital of the Progress upon the County of Cumberland, instead of One hundred of the Proceedings, till that Amendment which does con- and Fifty Pounds, cern the Book, annexed to the Bill, be postponed; Which was done accordingly.

R

407

Resolved, That the Bill, lo amended, do pass 1 And that the Title shall be, Act Act

And Sir Philip Howard is to carry it up to the Lords.

Sir Allen Brodrick reports, from the Committee appointed to examine what legal Offices of the late Court of Wards were established by the Statute; and to hear and examine the several Claims of the several Officers belonging to such Offices; and to report it to the House > and, withal, to present some Means, how they might have Recompence for their Places , That, upon Claim of the Lord John Berkley, for a Compensation for the Lois of the Office of the Mastership of the Court of Wards and Liveries, it appeared to the Committee, That the Lord Berkley had a Warrant, dated 30 Mail 1650, in the Second Year of the Reign of his Majesty that now is, for the said Office: And the Opinion of the Committee, That the Sum of Five thousand Pounds be a fit Compensation to the said Lord Berkleyfor the Loss of his laid Office.

He further reports. That, upon Reading of the Petition of Sir Win. Fleetwood, Receiver of the Court of

Wards, Mr. Street reported the Opinion of a Committee, I4a Julii 1660, to whom the then House of Commons referred the- Confederation of these Officers, That the annual Value of the Receiver-General's Office was Fifteen hundred Pounds per Annum, above Reprises; and believed Two thousand Pounds a sufficient Compensation, because Charles Fleetwood, Brother of Sir Wm. Fleetwood, , pretending formerly to the lame, had received Two thousand Pounds , Sir William being then in his late Ma- ' jesty's Service at Oxon , the Opinion of the Committee, That Sir Wm. Fleetwood was Receiver-General of the Court of Wards and Liveries, being an Officer within the Statute; and that he ought to have Recompence; no Part of the said Two thousand Pounds being paid to him by his Brother Charles Fleetwood: And that Four thousand Pounds be a fit Recompence for Sir William Fleet-wood.

He further reports the Opinion of the Committee, That Four thousand Pounds be a fit Recompence for the Two Auditors Places of the Court of Wards, when the Claim of Mr. John and Mr. Rob. Heath, against Sir Charles Maynard, shall be adjudged , the said John and Robert having proved to the Committee, That, upon the King's Proclamation for removing that Court to Oxon, an Inquisition, upon a Commission out of Chancery, did find the Auditors Maynard and To absent: Whereupon his Majesty, by his Letters Patents, granted the said Offices to John and Rob. Heath; who were sworn, and executed the Places accordingly, till the Rendition of Oxford.

He also reports the Opinion of the Committee, That Fifteen hundred Pounds be a fit Recompence to Sir Edw. Savage, for the Reversion of the Surveyors-Office, granted him by King Charles the First, after the Death of Sir Benjamin Rudyard; who is fence dead.

He further reports. That, upon Reading of the Petition of John Trethewy, Feodary of Cornwall, Mr. Street re-

ported, That the Committee of the House of Commons, 14 Julii 1660, rejected the Petition, and all of the like

Kind , viz. all other Feodaries, Receivers, and Surveyors, for Counties-, who are removeable at the Discretion of the Cotirt , the Opinion of the Committee, That this be specially reported to the House -, and die House be desired,..... whether these particular Receivers, Feodaries, and Surveyors for Counties, removeable at the Discretion of the Court, were, within their Intention, to receive Recompence for their respective Places: And, in case they are allowed, by the House, to be within their Order directed to this Committee , and the Opinion of the Committee^ That Three hundred Pounds be a fit Recompence for the said Mr. John Trethewy.

He further reports. That, upon the Petition of William Cooke Esquire, and Henry Earl of St. Albans; it appearing, that William Cook was Clerk of the Liveries, in Possession j the Earl of St. Albans, in Reversion, after the Death, Forfeiture, or Surrender of the said WilHem

the Opinion of the Committee, That Two thousand Pounds be a fit Recompence to Mr. Cooke: And that Oqe thousand Pounds be a fit Recompence to the Earl of St. Albans.

He further reports, That Georgf Fane produced his Grant of the Two Clerks Places of this Court, in Reversion, after Atidley and Chamberlaine. Mr. Street reported, That the former Committee thought Eight thousand Pounds a fit Compensation for Mr. Fane: But, it appearing, that Chamberlain was debt fence 4 1660, at

which Time this Recompence was alloted; and that Aud-ley is very old 5 the Opinion of the Committee was, That Ten thousand Pounds be a fit Compensation for Mr.

He also reports. That, upon reading of the Petitions of Mr. Darnell and Mr. Wilson; and it appearing to the Committee, that they were Attornies of the Court; the Opinion of the Committee, That One thousand Pounds be a fit Recompence for Mr. Darnell, and One thousand Pounds for Mr. Willson.

He further reports, That, upon reading the Petition of Tho. Hauchet, Ulher of the Court of Wards and Live-

ries, and the proving himself to have been in Possession; and proving the Value of the Place; the Opinion of the Committee, That One thousand Pounds be a fit Recompence for Mr. Hauchett.

He further reports. That, Upon reading the Petition of Edw. Wilkinson, Messenger of the Court, his Title and the Value proved, the Opinion of the Committee, That Seven hundred and Fifty Pounds be a fit Recompense for Mr. Wilkinson.

And he also reports. That Sir John Nicholas produced his Patent, bearing Date October 24, Ann. 21 Car. I1} whereby the Office of Receiver-General of the Court of Wards and Liveries is granted him, after the Death, Forfeiture, or Surrender of Sir Wm. Fleetwood \ the Opinion of the Committee, That Fifteen hundred Pounds be a fit Recompence for Sir John Nicholas.

The Question being put, To agree with the Committee, that the Sum of Fire thousand Pounds be a fit Compensation to the Lord Berkley, for the Lois of his Office;

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, That Four thousand Pounds was a fit Recompence for Sir Wm. Fleetwood to have, for the Loss of his Office cf Receiver of the late Court of Wards and Liveries \

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put, To agree with the Committee to that Part of their Vote, that Four thousand Pounds was a fit Recompence for the Two Auditors Places of the Court of Wards;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put, To agree with the Committee, that Fifteen hundred Pounds was a fit Recompence for to be allowed to Sir Edw. Savage, for the Reversion of the Surveyor's Office, granted him by King Charles the First, after the Death of Sir Benjamin Rudyard j ", The House was divided.

The Noes went out.

Colonel Windham, J Tellers for the Yeas j

Sir Roger Bradshaigh, \ With the Yeas,

Mr. Newport, fTellers for the Noes:

Sir Hum. Winch, \ With the Noes,

So it passed in the Negative.

The f urther Confederation of the said Report was laid aside.

47-

5&

Ordered, That Sir Robert Howard do go up to the Lords, to desire a Conference, as to the Provilb concerning Exeter-House, by them lent down, to the Bill for repairing the Streets and Highways in and near the Cities of London and Westminsttf^ and Parts adjacent.

Mr. Vaughan reports, from the Committee appointed to compare the Books of Common-Prayer, lent down from the Lords, with the Book lent up fronj this House; and to fee, whether they differ in any Thing besides the Amendments sent from the Lords, and already read in l this

.408 Journals of the House of Commons. A>

this House, and wherein; That the said Committee had met Yesterday, and fat till Eight at Night; and had met early this Morning, and taken great Care and Pains in tomparing and examining the said Books

Resolved, That the Thanks of this House be returned to the said Committee, for their great Care and Pains in comparing and examining the Book of Common-Prayer, according to the Order and Direction of this House.

And Mr. Speaker did return them the Thanks of the House accordingly.

The House then resumed the Debate upon the Amend-' ments, sent down from the Lords, to the Bill of Uniformity.

And the Seventh Amendment, at the Twenty-fourth Line of the Bill, being again read;

Refohedy upon the Question, That this House doth disagree to these Words, in the Twenty-fifth Line of the said Amendment, " and Tenderneis of some Mens Con-

ferences i " and doth think fit, that the Word " have " 'be made " hath."

The Question being propounded. Whether Debate shall be admitted to the Amendments made by the Convocation, in the Book of Common-Prayer, and sent down by the'Lords to this House,

And the Question being put. Whether That Question shall be now put;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the main Question being put. Whether Debate shall be admitted to the Amendments made by the Convocation in the Book of Common-Prayer, and sent down by the Lords to this House;

The House was divided.

The Noes went out.

Mr. Willia

Mr. Bofcowen,

Sir Edm.

Mr. Spence

TTellers for the Yeas:') I With the Yeas, J

90.

f Tellers for the Noes:")

I With the Noes,

' And so it passed in the Negative.

The Question being put. That the Amendments made by the Convocation, and sent down by the Lords to this House, might, by the Order of this House, have been debated-,

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put. To agree to the said Seventh Amendment, sent down from the Lords, at the Twenty-fourth Line in the Bill of Uniformity, with the Alterations made by this House, and before expressed;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That this House do proceed, Tomorrow Morning, to the further Consideradon of the Residue of the Amendments, sent down from the Lords, to the Bill of Uniformity.

A Bill for settling the Estate of such as died Intestate, Was this Day read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second dme.-p

Ordered, That all Committees which should have fat this Afternoon be adjourned; and do fit Tomorrow in the Afternoon.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morn-. ing. Eight of the Clock.

An ingossed Bill, for settling and confirming of the Manors of Framlingham and ,in the County of

Suffolk, and the Lands, and Tenements, and Hereditaments thereunto belonging, deviftd by Sir Hitcbam

Knight, and late Serjeant at Law, to certain charitable Uses, was this Day read die Third time.

Resolved,'YhaX. the said Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be. An Act for settling and confirming of the Manors of Framlingham and Saxtea, in the County of Suffolke, and the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments thereunto belonging, devised by Sir Hitcbam Knight, and late Serjeant at Law, to certain charitable Uses.

And Mr. Crouch is tp carry up this Bill to the Lords.

An ingossed Bill, sent from the Lords, to enable die Lord Widdrington to fell Lands to pay his Debts, and

provide Portions for his Brothers and Sifters, and making Provision for his younger Children, was this Day read, the Second time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed to Sir Humr pbrey Winch. Sir Hen. Widdrington, Sir Lord

Ancram, Mr. Fane, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir grave, Lord Bruce, Colonel Reames, Sir Antb. , Sir I ho. Meres, Mr. Cotton, Mr.

Colonel. Gray, Mr. Waldron, Mr. Sea-wen, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Jones, Mr. Pryn,. Dr. Mr.

Stroude, Mr. Buller, Mr. Eyre, Mr. Musgrave, Mr. Puckering, Sir Tho. Widdrington, Mr. , Mr. West

pbaling, Mr. Knight, Colonel Edm. Windham, Mr. 1 born as, Colonel Robinson, Sir Clifford Clifton, Sir Edm. Pye, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir John Shaw, Mr. Ceilings, Sir Peirfe, Sir John Brampfton, Sir Hen. Newton, Lord Herbert, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Morris, Lord Brereton, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Lowther, Colonel Kirkby, Sir Cha. Harbord, Mr. Lloyd, Sir John Norton, Sir Wm. Fleet-wood, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Graham, and all the Members of this House that serve for the Counties of Cumberland, Northumberland, and Lin-colne: And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And to take into Consideradon the Interest of Colonel Gray and Mr. Graham, in relation to their Engagements for the old Lord Widdrington; and of all other Persons concerned as Creditors, or otherwise.

Ordered, That the ingossed Bill, for inlarging and repairing the Highways, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Amendments, reported to the Bill concerning the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, be taken into Consideradon Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Matter touching the Claim of Sir Charles Huffey in the Level of the Fens, called Undfey Level, be heard on Saturday.

Upon Information, That there was a Clause in the Bill concerning Wool and Wool-fells, against the exporting of Leather, which is since provided for in another Bill diat is passed *,

Resolved, That the Committee, to which the said Bill against exporting Wool and Wool-fells was committed, be revived: And that the Bill be re-committed to them, to consider of the Particular before-mentioned.

Jovis, 170 Aprilis, 140 Car.

' Prayers.

AN ingossed Bill, for confirming a Sale of Lands, made by John Coplejton Esquire to John Mayne was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, That the said Bill do pals: And that the Title shall be, An Act for confirming a Sale made by John Coplejton Esquire to John Mayne Merchant.

And Mr. Cornwallis is to carry up this Bill to the

Lords,

The House then resumed the Consideration of the Residue of the Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill of Uniformity.

And the several Amendments, from the Thirtieth Line in the First Skin, to the Fortieth Line, being read the Second time, were, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

The Question being put. To agree to that Part of the Amendment, to the Fortieth Line of the Bill, to put in the Words. " the said," instead of " a

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

' The

The Question being put. To adhere to rhefe Words, "annexed and joined to this present Act, and;" which the Lords, in the same Amendment, would have omitted;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Amendment to the Forty-second Line in the Bill was read the Second time; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Amendment to the Forty-third Line was read the Second time; and, in Part, agreed to, till these Words, " appointed to be annexed to this present Act."

The Question being put. To agree to that Part of the Amendment for inserting the said Words, " appointed to be annexed to this present Act;"

It passed in the Negative.

The Amendment to the Eighth Line of the Second Skin, being read the Second time; and the same being, instead of " Michael the Archangel," to read " Bartholomew ;"

The Question being put. To adhere to the Bill as to the Words Michael the Archangel;"

The House was divided,

The Noes went out.

Sir Tho. Gower, C Tellers for the Yeas: I R

Mr. Bofcowen, L With the Yeas, j '*

Sir Rob. Holt, J Tellers for the Noes: I r

Mr. Phillips, _ I With the Noes, $ 9 And so it palfed in the Negative.

And the Amendment of the Lords, as to that Point, was agreed to.

The Question being put, To agree to the Amendment to the Ninth Line of the Second Skin, to read " Two," instead of " One ;"

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put, To agree to the Amendment to the Fifteenth Line of the Second Skin, to read " in the said Book," instead of " therein;"

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The next Paragraph of the said Amendment, for the Ministers Subscription of their Consent, being read the Second time;

Resolved, upon the Question, That this House doth agree to that Paragraph of the said Amendment.

Resolved, That this House will proceed upon the rest of the Amendments to the Bill of Uniformity Tomorrow Morning.

And then the'House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Veneris, i8° Aprilis, 140 Car.

Prayers.

\N ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, to make all /\ Rivers navigable, that are capable thereof, was this Day read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill directing the Prosecution of such as are in Arrear for Prize-Goods, were read Three times; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be sent up to the Lords.

And Mr. Ashburnham is to carry it up.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Strickland and Sir Jordan Crojland be added to the Committee, to which Mrs. Brifcoe's Bill is committed.

Sir John Brampfton reports, from the Committee, to which the Bill for Repair of Bengworth Bridge in the County of Worcester was committed, several Amendments

to be made, and one Proviso to be added to the said Bill 2

Which he read, with the Coherence, in the Bill; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's T.blc: And the same being twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to;

Resolved, That the said Bill, with the Amendments and Proviso agreed to, be ingrossed.

Mr. Knight reports, from the Committee, to which the Bill again!!: the Exporting of Wool and Wool-iells was committed, several Amendments to be made to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in the Bill; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Amendments being twice read;

The Question being put. To put out that Part of the Amendment, for excepting Tobacco-pipe Clay of the Isle of Purbeck;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the same was accordingly struck out.

Resolved, That the said Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Upon Motion made this Day, informing. That his Majesty's Affairs were much inconvenienced in relation to his Navy and Ordnance, by the People's imposing excessive Rates upon Carriages, knowing the Necessity of his Majesty's Occasions; and his Majesty intended not to have the same at lower Rates than uiiial; but to gi\ e the same Rates that Merchants and others did;

Ordered, That Mr. William Coventry have Leave ttf prepare and bring in a Bill, with Blanks, to settle the Rates of such Carriages as shall be made use of for his Majesty's Occasions.

The House then proceeded to the Reading of the remaining Amendments, sent down from the Lords, to the Bill for Uniformity, from the Place where they left Yesterday.

The last Paragraph of the Amendment, in the Twenty-fifth Line of the Second Skin, being read the Second time;

Resolved, That the said Paragraph be postponed.

the Three next Amendments to die Thirteenth, Thirty-ninth, and Forty-first Lines of the Second Skin, were read the Second time; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Amendment to the Seventh Line of the Second Skin was read the Second time: And the Amendment being. That after the Word " dead," to add the ClauseS contained in the Parchment marked with N° 1.;

The said Parchment was read the Second time.

The First Paragraph in the said Parchment was read the Third time.

Ordered, That Mr Vaughan, Serjeant Seis, and Mr. Thurl and, do peruse the Statutes, and bring in a Proviso for translating the Book of Common-Prayer into , if it may consist with the Laws in Force.

Resolved, upon the Question, That an Amendment b* made to the said Paragraph, by reading " One Month," instead of " Three Months."

Resolved, That the said Paragraph,- with the Amendment, be agreed to —

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Wm. Child and Sir Wm. Glasscock

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have returned the Bill for ordering the Forces in the several Counties of this Kingdom, with some Amendments; to Which they desire the Concurrence of this House. —

The House then proceeded to the Reading of the Second Paragraph of the Parchment marked N° 1.

Ordered, That Mr. Crouch, Sir Tho. Meersf Serjeant Charlton, Dr. Birkinhead, Sir Edmund Peirfe, Sir John Brampfton, and Dr. Burwell, do withdraw, and pen a Paragraph, upon the present Debate.

The next Paragraph of the Parchment, as to Ordination, was read the Second time; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

.* 5l

The

The next Paragraph, as to the Administration of the Sacraments, was read the Second time; and, upon the Question., agreed to.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbati, 190 Aprili, 140

Praters.

ORdered, Tha.t William Shoodall, and Gamblyne his Attorney, who delivered a Declaration in an Ejeft-ment to the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, be fommoned to appear on Monday next come Sevennight; to answer their Breach of Privilege therein.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do grant a Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, for the issuing of a new Writ for Election of a Knight for the County of , in the

room of Sir "Thomas Leigh Knight, deceased.

A Bill to enable Walter Pye Esquire to fell Lands was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be read the Second time on Monday Morning.

An ingrossed Bill, for Repair of Bridge, was

this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be. An Act for the Repairing of Bengworth Bridge in the County of Worcester.

And Mr. Fane isto carry up the said Bill to the Lords.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Confirming of Two Acts therein mentioned, was this Day read the Third time.

And the Addition following, being tendered, in Parchment ingrossed, to be added, and made Part of the said Bill*, viz." An Act for Naturalizing of Frances and others ;" the same was thrice read.

Resolved, That the same be added, and made Part of the Bill; and be desired to be inserted after the Word Estate," in the Seventeenth Line of the Bill.

Resolved, That, after the Word " or, " the Word " either " be inserted, instead of the Word " any." Resolved, That this House doth assent to the said Bill, *ith the said Addition and Amendment.

Resolved, That, in the Title of the Bill, the Word Three " be inserted, instead of the Word " Two." Resolved, That this House doth assent to the Title of the said Bill, so amended.

And Mr. Fane is to carry up the said Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence to the said Addition and Amendments.

Mr. Mihoard made Report, from the Committee of

Privileges and Elections, touching the Election of Sir Baynham Throckmorton and Mr. Knights of the

Shire for the County of GlouceftThat the Committee Was of Opinion, that they had the Majority of Voices, and were duly elected; and ought to fit in this House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That the said Sir Baynham Throckmorton and Mr. Howe had the Majority of Voices, and were duly elected; and ought to fit in this House as Knights of the Shire for the County of Gloucester.

A Bill for a Rate for Carriages for his Majesty's Navy and Ordnance was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That the same be read again the Second time on Monday next.

Mr. Knight reports, from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Clothiers was committed. That they lad considered of the Petition; and had heard the Parties,

who could not propose any Expedient to remedy the Decay of Trade: And the Opinion of die Committee, That the principal Way to set the Poor on Work was, by Promotion of the Linen Manufacture; and, in order thereunto, proposed, a Third Part of the Fen Grounds might be sowed with Hemp and Flax.

Sir Solomon Swale reports, from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for settling aCapital Messuage, or Mansion-House, with the Appurtenances, in Kenftngton in the County of Middlesex, upon Baptist Viscount , and his Heirs,

was committed. That they had fully considered thereof; and found no Cause to make any Alteration therein.

And the said Bill being thereupon read the Third time;

Resolved, That this House doth assent to the said Bill and to the Title thereof.

And Sir Solomon Swale is to carry up the same to the Lords.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir and Sir Walter Littleton;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have returned you Two Bills; the one intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses, in his Majesty's Customs: And the other intituled, An Act for the Regulation of the Pilchard-Fishing in the Counties of Devon and ,with some

Amendments; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

An ingrossed Bill, for Enlarging and Repairing of cotn-mon Highways, was this Day read the Third time;

And the Question being put. That there be a Contribution for the Repair of the Highways, in such Parishes, which, of themselves, are not able to repair them;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Persons, formerly appointed to rectify the Bill, do consider of such Clauses therein as have Dependence upon the said Vote; and report what is fit to be left out or altered upon the present Debate.

And the Lord Fanfbaw and Sir Rich. Onslow are added to the Persons formerly named.

The Amendments to the Addition in Parchment, sent from the Lords' to the Act of Uniformity, N 1, being brought in by the Members of this House directed to prepare the fame, were this Day read the First time.

And the First Amendment, being, 1 Skin, I.ine 22, after the Word " aforesaid," leave out all the Words unto the Word " subscribe," in the Twenty-ninth Line; and, instead thereof, insert these Words following; "That every Dean, Canon, and Prebendary, of every Cathedral or Collegiate Church, and all Matters, and other Heads, Fellows, Chaplains, and Tutors, of or in any College, Hall, House of Learning, or Hospital; and every publick Professor and Reader, in either of the Universities, and in every College elsewhere; and every Parson, Vicar, Curate, Lecturer, and every other Person in Holy Orders; and every Schoolmaster, keeping any publick or private School, and every Person instructing or teaching any Youth in any House or private Family, as a Tutor or Schoolmaster, who, upon the First Day of , which shall be in the Year of our Lord God One thousand Six hundred and Sixty-two; or, at any time thereafter, shall be incumbent, or have Possession, of any Deanry, Canonry, Prebend, Mastership, Headship, Fellowship, Professor's Place, or Reader's Place, Parsonage, Vicarage, or any other Ecclesiastical Dignity or Promotion *, or of any Curate's Place, Lecturc, or School; or shall instruct or teach any Youth; or Tutor, or Schoolmaster; shall, before the Feast Day of St. Bartholomew, which shall be in the Year of our Lord

One thousand Six hundred and Sixty-two, at or before his or their respective Admission to be Incumbent, or to have Possession aforesaid

The same was read the Second time.

And the Question being put. That the Time for declaring against the Covenant be Twenty Years;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

3 Resolved,

Resolved, upon the Question, That this House doth igree to the said First Amendment: And

Ordered, That the Persons, formerly appointed to prepare the Amendments upon the former Debate, do now prepare and bring in a Clause, by way of Proviso, or Otherwise, that none of the Persons injoined to make the Declaration and Acknowledgment now under Debate, be obliged to that Part which concerns the Covenant, after Twenty Years.

And then were read the Words in the said ParcHfcent, hereafter following. Line 29, " fobscribe the Declaration and Acknowledgment following; scilicet; I A. B. do declare, that it is not lawful, upon any Pretence whatsoever, to take Arms against the King; and that I do abhor that traiterous Postion of taking Arms, by his Authority, against his Person, or against those that are commissionated by him; and that I will conform to the Liturgy of the Church of England, as it is now by Law established: And I do declare, that I hold there lies no Obligation upon me, or on any other Person, from the Oath commonly called ‘The solemn League and Covenant: And that the same was in itself an unlawful Oath; and imposed upon the Subjects of this Realm, against the known Laws and Liberties of this Kingdom."

Resolved, That, after the Word " Covenant, " and before the Word " and, " in the Thirty-eighth Line, these Words be added, " to endeavour any Change or Alteration of Government, either in Church or State."

Resolved, upon the Question, That this House doth agree to that Part of the said additional Amendment in Parchment, sent from the Lords, with the said Addition last agreed unto.

And the Second Amendment, being in the Fortieth Line, after the Word " Kingdom, " leave out all the Words to the First Word in the Forty-fifth Line; and, instead thereof, insert the Words, " particularly mentioned in the said Amendment.'*

The First Paragraph thereof being in these Words, which said Declaration and Acknowledgment shall be subscribed, by every of the said Matters, and other Heads, Fellows, Chaplains, and Tutors, of or in any College, Hall, or House of Learning, and every publick Professor and Reader in either of the Universities, before the Vice-Chancellor of the respective Universities for the Time being, or his Deputy: And the said Declaration or Acknowledgment, shall be subscribed before the respective Bishop, or Ordinary of the Diocese, by every other Person hereby injoined to subscribe the fame, upon Pain, that all and every of the Persons failing in such Subscription, shall lose and forfeit such respective Deanry, Canonry, Prebend, Mastership, Headship, Fellowship, Professor's Place, Reader's Place, Parsonage, Vicarage, Ecclesiastical Dignity or Promotion, Curate's Place, Lecture and School; and shall be utterly disabled, and be deprived of

the fame: And that every such respective Deanry, Canonry, Prebend, Mastership, Headship, Fellowship, Pro-Ifessor's Place, Reader's Place, Parsonage, Vicarage, Ecclesiastical Dignity or Promotion, Curate's Place, Lecture, and School, shall be void; as if such Person, lb failing, was naturally dead."

The same was read the Second time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That this House doth agree to the said Paragraph.

And then the House adjourned the further Debate of the said Amendments till Monday next, at Ten of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, at Ei^ht of the Clock.

' Luna?, 210 AJprilis, 14.0 Car.

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill, sent from the Lords, to make Rivers navigable, was this Day read the Second

time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed to Lord Angler, Sir Francis Goodrich, Sir 7ho. Allen, Mr. Vaughan,

Sir Cha. Harbord, Colonel Reames, Mr. Fane, Serjeant Charlton, Sir Allen Brodrick, Sir Rich. Browne, Sir . North, Mr. Westphaling, Sir Robert Dr.

Sir Geo. How, Mr. Knight, Sir Edw. Maffey, Sir Hen. Newton, Sir Edm. Pye, Mr. Coventry, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Sir John Talbot, Mr. Attorney of the Duchy, Sir Robert Brooke, Mr. Oakeley, Sir fames Smith,

Mr. Elliot, Mr. Price, Sir John Duncomb, Sir Tho.

Sir John Brampffon, Colonel Birch, Sir Clifford Clifton,

Mr. Scudamore, Sir Adrian ScroopColonel Kirkby, Lord

Fanshaw, Lord Brereton, Sir Wm. Compton, Sir Fleet-wood, Mr. Milward, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Chetwyn, Mr. Crouch,

Mr. Trelawney, Sir Wm. Doyley, Mr. Clifford, Colonel Robinson, Sir Tho. Strickland, Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. Bof-cowen, Mr. Wm. Coventry, Sir Tho. Wendy, Mr. 7«y, Colonel Bishop, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Wm. Mountague,

Mr. Playdwell, Mr. Newton alias Puckering, Mr. Walden, Serjeant Rainsford, Sir John Newton, Mr. Geo. Clerke,

Mr. Stroude, Colonel Windham, Mr. Taylor: And all the Members of this House, that come to the said Committee, are to have Voices thereat: And they are to meet. Tomorrow in the Afternoon at Two of the Clock: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and to fit constantly in the House; and to hear all Parties concerned.

Ordered, That all the Members of this House do personally attend the Service of the House on this Day Fortnight, being the Fifth of May (at which time the House is to be Called over), upon Penalty of Twenty Pounds, to be paid by every Member that shall make Default:

And that this Order be forthwith printed and published, that such as are concerned may take Notice of it.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords; to desire them. That they would call upon, and expedite tho Bill for preventing the unnecessary Charge of Sheriffs; and for Ease in passing their Accounts.

And Sir John Dunembe is to attend the Lords with this Message.

Ordered, That the Bill for Planting of Flax and Hemp be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill for prbvidingCarriages by Land and Water for his Majesty be read Tomorrow Morning, the Second time.

The House did then proceed upon the rest of the Amendments to the Bill of Uniformity: And, in the First Place, on that Part of the Paragraph brought in by the Committee, which concerns Schoolmasters, appointed for chat Purpose;

Resolved, upon the Question, That all the Words, after the Word " aforesaid," in the Seventeenth Line of the Third Page of the said Amendment, to the Word " and " in the One-and-twentieth Line of the same Page, be left out:

And that these Words, " shall, for the First Offence, suffer Three Months Imprisonment, without Bail or Main-prize; and, for every Second Offence, shall suffer Three Months Imprisonment, without Bail or Mainprize; and also forfeit to his Majesty the Sum of Five Pounds," be inserted in the said Paragraph, instead of the said Words to be omitted.

Resolved, That after the Word " Realm," in the Fourteenth Line of the same Page, these Words, " for which he shall pay Twelve-pence only," be inserted.

The Question being put. That the Words " for the Fee of Two Shillings and Six-pence," in the Twenty-seventh Line of the Third Page of the said Amendment, brought in by the Committee, be omitted; and that the Certificate for every Parson, Vicar, Curate, and Lecturer, shall be without Fee;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the said Paragraph, so amended, be agreed to.

The

Journals vf the House of Commons. \66z.

The Third Amendment* brought in by the Committee, Being twice read, was, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The Fourth Amendment, by them brought in, being also twice read, was, upon the Question, agreed unto.

A Proviso, in relation to the Covenant for Twenty Years, this Day brought in by the said Committee, was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

Resolved, That these Words, " now is incumbent, and in Possession of any Parsonage, Vicarage, or Benefice, and, " be inserted after the Word " Person who," in the Fifty-third Line of the First Parchment Addition, sent from the Lords.

Resolved, That these Words, " the said," be inserted, instead of the Word " any," after the Word " enjoy," in the Fifty-seventh Line of the said First Parchment Addition, sent from the Lords.

The Question being put. Whether the Words, " according to the Form of the Church of England" be 'inserted after the: Word " Ordination," in the Fifty-seventh Line of said First Addition in Parchment, sent from the Lords;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That these Words, " thenceforth be capable to be admitted to any Parsonage, Vicarage, Benefice, or any Ecclesiastical Promotion or Dignity; nor shall any Person," be inserted after the Word " shall," in the Sixty-third Line of the said First Addition in Parchment, lent from the Lords: And that the Words " or do " be omitted.

Ordered, That George Speak Esquire, High Sheriff of the County of Somersett, have Leave to come up to attend tdie Committee, to whom the Bill for impowering Sir Courtney Poole, and others, to make Payment of the Portion of Ellen Brifco Widow, by Sale or Granting of Estates out of the Manor of Lymington, was committed, according to their Summons, to offer what he hath to object against the Palling of the said Bill.

Martisy 22° Aprilis, nf Car.

Pray ers.

ORdered, That Sir William have the Leave of

this House to go into the Country.

Ofdered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill against Stealing of Children and Servants was committed (who, by Order of the Eleventh of April Instant, were to consider of the Enlarging and Bringing home of those, that, for their Loyalty, were transported into Foreign Plantations), do likewise consider of the same and Sufferings of such as, for their Service and Loyalty to his Majesty* or his Royal Father, were transported to such Foreign Plantations, and are already returned, as well as those that are yet beyond the Seas; and to report the Matter of Fact to this House; with their Opinion, for their Relief.

A Bill for sowing Flax and Hemp was this Day read the First time!

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow.

A Bill for providing Carriage by Land and by Water, for his Majesty's Army and Navy, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Wm. Coventry, Mr. Trelawney, Sir Phil. Warwick, Mr. Knight, Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. Waller, Mr. Clifford, Colonel Wind-

ham, Mr.. James Smith, Mr. Andrew Newport, Sir Edm. Pye, Sir Edw. Seymour, Mr. Seymour, Colonel Reames, Mr. Attorney Of the Duchy, Mr. Mr. Stroude,

Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Edm. Peirfe, Sir Allen.Brodrick, Mr. John Trelawney, Sir Tho. Strickland, Sir Hen. Mr.

Elliot, Sir Wm. Batten, Serjeant Rainsford, Sir Hum. Winch, Mr. John Ashburnham, Mr. Henley, Sir Mr. Churchill, Mr. Wm. MoUntague, Sir John Duncombe, Mr. Crouch, Mr, Bishop, Mr. , Sir Fra. Goodrich,

Mr. Pryn, Mr. Jones, Sir Geo.Courtope, Mr. Mr. Hungerford, Sir John Rouse, Sir Shaw, Dr. Birk-inhead. Sir Wm. Pen, Mr. Edw. Smith, Sir Cha.

Mr. Scawen, Mr. Wareing, Colonel Robinson, Sir Hen. Herbert, Mr. Moore, Sir John Robinson, and all the Members that serve for the County of Southampton: And -all the Members of this House, that come to the said Committee, are to have Voices thereat: And they are to meet, this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber, at Two of the Clocjj^: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An Amendment, sent from the Lords, to the Bill for regulating the Pilchard-Fishing in the West, was read, and agreed to 1

Ordered, That the Bill be amended accordingly.

Ordered, That the Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill for regulating the Customs; and also the Report from the Committee, touching the Officers Fees; be taken into Consideration the first publick Business Tomorrow Morning.

The House then proceeded upon the Amendments to the Bill of Uniformity.

The Paragraph in the Parchment, marked N1' i, as to the Penalties not to extend to Foreigners, or Aliens of the Foreign Reformed Churches, was read the Second time; and agreed to.

The rest of the Paragraphs and Provisoes, to the End of the said Parchment, were read the Second time; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The House then proceeded to the Reading of the Second Sheet of the Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill of Uniformity.

And the Amendment to the Eighth Line of the Third Skin being twice read;

Resolved, That these Words, Archbishop of the Pro-

vince," be inserted in the said Amendment, after the Words " by the," in the Eighth Line; and the Word " Archbishop," after the Word " laid " in the Eleventh Line."

And the said Amendment, with the Additions aforesaid, was agreed to.

The Amendment to the Ninth Line was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Amendment to the Thirteenth Line of the Third Skin was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The next Amendment to the Twenty-sixth Line was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Amendment to the Twenty-seventh Line was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Amendment to the Twenty-eighth Line, and the Proviso directed by way of Amendment, marked N° 2, were twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Amendment to the Thirty-fifth and Thirty-sixth Line was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Amendment to the Thirty-seventh Line, being twice read, was, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Amendment to the Fortieth Line was read.

Ordered, That the Word " are." be inserted betwixt the Word " and, " and the Word " hereby," in that Amendment.

Resolved, That the Amendment, so altered, be agreed to.

The next Amendment to the One-and-fortieth Line was read the Second time; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The next Amendment to the Forty-second Line was read the Second lime; and the Provisoes, marked N° 3, directed, by way of Amendment, to be inserted instead of the Words " which are to be omitted, " were read the Second and Third time; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Amendment to the Twenty-seventh Line of the Fourth Skin was read the Second time; and, on the Question, agreed to.

The Amendment to the Twenty-eighth Line of the Fourth Skin was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The

14Car. II.

The Amendment to the Twenty-ninth Line of 'Uhe Fourth Skin was read the Second time; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Amendment to the One-and-thirtieth Line was twice read j and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Amendment to the Thirty-seventh Line being, after the Word " Authority," to leave out the rest jof the Bill; and add the Provisoes beginning " Provided also, and be it Enacted," and marked N 4.

The rest of the Bill, after the Word " Authority," being twice read;

Resolved, upon the Question, That the same be left out of the Bill.

The laid Provisoes in the Parchment, N°4> were read the Second time.

The First Paragraph of the said Provisoes in: Parchment, " for providing the Book of Common-Prayer in every Parish, (Ac," being read the Third time,

Resolved, upon the Question, That this, House doth agree to the said Paragraph.

A Proviso, by Way of Amendment, touching the Prices to be seton the Book of Common-Prayer, was read.

Ordered, That Liberty be given to bring in a Proviso, such as shall be lit for letting the Rates on the Quires of the Book of Common-Prayer in Folio, to be used in Churches and publick Places: And Mr. Dr. Birk-inbead, Sir Edmund Peirfe, and td bring

it in.

The next Paragraph, touching the King's Professor of the Law in the University of Oxford, was read the Third time , and, upon the Question, agreed to.

-The Fourth Paragraph, touching the Subscription to the Thirty-sixth Article of the Thirty-nine Articles, was read the Third time , and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Proviso, as to the Dispensation with Deprivation for not using the Crofsand Surplice, was read the Second and Third time.

The Question being put. Whether the Question concerning Amendments to be made to this Proviso should be now put;

It polled in the Negative.

The main Question being put. For agreeing with the Lords as to this Proviso concerning the Cross and Surplice;

It passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning next, at Eight of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 Apr ills, 14.0 Car.

Prayjrs,

A BILL for the Sowing of Flax and Hemp was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed to Colonel Birch, Mr. Knight, Sir Tho. Sir John Brampston Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir Clifford , Mr. Colonel Reames, Colonel Bishop, Mr. Sir fames

Smith, Mr. Clarke, Sir Tho. GowerMr. , Ser-. jeant Charlton, Sir Abraham Cullen, Mr. , Colonel Robinson, Sir Edm. Peirfe, Mr. , Sir Rich. Ford, Sir

Lane. Lake, Sir Phil. Warwick, SirAntb. Irby, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Sir Fra. Clerke, Mr. Clifford, Mr. Stroude, Mr. Chetwyn, Sir John Rouse, Mr. Crouch, Sir Tho. Blud-

worth. Sir Edm. Pye, Mr. Yo, Colonel Wanklyn, Sir, Geo. Grubham How, Mr. Elliot, Dr. Burwell, Sir Cha. Huffey, Mr. Jones: And all the Members that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrafted Bill, against the Exporting of Wool and Wool-feljs, (Ac. was this Day read the Third time.

The Question being put. That all the Clauses which do relate to Tallow, be {truck out of the Bill;.

It was resolved in the Affirmative: And

415

Ordered, That Mr. Knight, Mr. Jolly, Colonel Sir Rich. Ford, Sir Tho. Bludworth, do look into the Bill \ ' and expunge the Clauses concerning Tallow out of the Bill.

Ordered, That Sir Allen Brodrick. do go up to the Lords, to desire a Conference upon that Amendment by them sent down for a Proviso, touching House, to be added to the Bill for repairing the Streets and Highways in and hear the Cities of London and; as

to which Amendment only this House and the Lords did differ.

The House did resume the Matter upon the Bill for repairing and enlarging the common Highways.

And Sir Lancelot Lake reported several Amendments to be further made to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence; and after, delivered the same in at the Cleric's Table; And the same were thrice read} and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, That the Bill be amended accordingly.

The Question being put. That the Clause for Continuing of the Powers in the Act, save as to the Railing of Money, be continued till the End of the First Session of the next Parliament;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Proviso, for erecting a Bridge a in Mid-

dle sex for Coaches and Carriages, instead of an Horse- Bridge npw there, was twice read.

Ordered, That theft Words, " the Residue of the Charge to be born by," be inserted into the Proviso.

Which was done accordingly; and the Proviso read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Proviso, lb amended, be agreed to, and made Part of the Bill.

Another Proviso, touching the Highways between Gloucester and Briftoll ',according to the Statute of 10 Maria, was Three times read-, and, upon the Question, laid aside.

A Proviso, touching the Inhabitants near Oxon, read; and laid, aside.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the several Amendments and Provisoes agreed to, do pass: And that the Tide shall be. An Act for repairing and enlarging the common Highways: And that the former Committee do fee. That the Amendments be made, and Provisoes ingrafted and added; so as the Bill, and the several Amendments and Provisoes, may cohere and agree.

Ordered, That Sir John Ou have Leave to bring

in a Bill for the Taking of a reasonable Toll of Coaches, Waggoners, Carriers, and Passengers, towards the Repair of the Highways between Hockley and Dunstable in the County of Bedford.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Moundeford Bramp-ston and Sir Toby Woolrich;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have returned you a Bill for regulating the Making of Stuffs in Norfolk and j

with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And they also desire this House would expedite the , Two Bills-, one concerning Lindsey Level; and the other concerning Hatfeild Level in the Fens.

Ordered, That the Amendments to the Bill for regulace-ing Customs, sent from the Lords, be read; and the Report touching the Fees of the Officers heard on Saturday Morning next; and nothing else to intervene.

The House then proceeded upon the remaining Amendment to the Bill for Uniformity; and That Part of the Paragraph concerning the Allowance to such as are in Livings, and will be outed by this Act.

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Saturday.

Ordered, That Sir Henry North have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

5 M Ordered,

Journals of the House of Commons.

414 Journals of the House of Commons. 1661.

Ordered, That Colonel Jonathan Trelawney have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

Ordered, That Colonel Gilby Mr. Scot, Dr.

head, Mr. Musgrave, Colonel Sir Hen. Puckering

alias Newton, and Mr. Puckering alias be added

to the Committee to whom the Bill for making navigable the River Wey in Surrey is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Saturday Morning next, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbat/, 26 ' Aprilis^ 14.0 Car.

Prayers.

(JRdered, That Mr. Speaker do grant his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, for the issuing of a new Writ to the Sheriffs of London, for the Election of a Citizen, in the Place of Alderman one of the Members

of this House serving as a Citizen for the said City of London, lately deceased.

A Bill to enable Walter Pye Esquire to fell Lands to pay Debts was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, Th.zt the said Bill be committed to Mr. pbaling, Sir Herbert Price, Mr. Mr. , Mr.

Bulteele, Mr. York, Sir John Shaw, Serjeant Mr. Rigby, Sir Rich. Ford, Colonel Gilby, Colonel Bishop, Sir Rich.Oatley, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Oak-

ley, Mr. Knight, Sir Edm. Pye, Sir Lane. Lake,

Allen, Sir Clifford Clifton, Sir John Brampfton, Mr. Smith, Sir John Rouse, Sir Antb. Irby, Mr. Colonel Ro

binfon. Colonel Lane, Mr. Morris, Sir Jeoffrey Shacker-ley. Colonel Phillips, Mr. Attorney of the Duchy, Sir ¥ bo. Gower, Mr. Clifford, Mr. Price, Nix. Roger Vaughan, and all the Members of this House that serve for the County olHereford: And they are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber, at Two of the Clock this Afternoon: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and to examine how the Debts were contracted; and to hear all Persons concerned.

Serjeant Charlton reports, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Town of Northampton, between Sir William Dudley and Sir James Langham, That there were several Persons, who had Right to give their Voices in the Election, that did demand the Poll, and were denied it; and that the Matter was fb intricate, that the Committee could not determine what the Number was, of those who had Right to give their Voices, and were denied the Poll: And therefore, for this Reason, the Committee was of Opinion, that the Election, as to Sir James Langham, was a void Election.

Resolved, upon the Question, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the Election for the Town of Northampton, as to Sir James was a

void Election.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do make out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, for the issuing of a Writ for a new Election for the Town of Northampton.

Ordered, That the Bill for regulating the Excise be read on Monday Morning.

The House was divided.

The Noes went forth.

Sir Rich. Temple, I Tellers for the Yeas: ? ft

Sir John Talbot, t With the Yeas, > '*

Sir Robert Holt, 5 Tellers for the Noes: ? '>

Mr. Puckering, With the Noes, J ^4*

And so it passed in the Negative.

The main Question being put, To agree to the Amendment, sent from the Lords, as to that Paragraph of the Parchment touching Allowance of Fifths to such as shall not conform;

It passed in the Negative.

The House then resumed the Amendment, as to the' Title of the Bill, sent from the Lords; which was, -by Order, postponed.

And the fame, being twice read, was, upon the: Question, agreed.

The next Amendment, beginning with the Word " nevertheless," in the-Sixteenth Amendment of the First Paper, sent from the Lords, which was also postponed, was read the Second time:

The Question being put,-To agree to the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Sir Clement Throckmorton have the Leave' of this House to go into the Country.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, at Eight of the Clock.

Lun<Z) 2 8° Aprtlis^ 140 Car.

fiRdered, That Henry Burton, and Crosse his Attorney, who have sued Mr. Morris, a Member of this ‘ House, to an Outlawry, do, upon Summons, attend this House Tomorrow Morning; to answer their Breach of Privilege therein.

A Proviso was brought in, to be added to the Bill for regulating the Skinners Company; and twice read.

Resolved, That the said Proviso be agreed to, and made Part of the Bill: And that the Bill, with this and other Provisoes and Amendments, agreed to, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That the ingrossed Bill against exporting Wool and Wool-fells, being amended according to Di-reClion, do pass: And that the Title shall be. An Act against exporting of Sheeps Wool, Wool-fells, Mortlings, Shorlings, Yarn made of Wool, Wool-flocks, Fullets-Earth, Fulling-Clay, and Tobacco-pipe Clay.

And Mr. Knight is to carry up this Bill.

Ordered, That the Matter upon the Amendments, reported to the Bill concerning the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Matter, as to the Level of the Fens called Lyndfey Level, be heard on Wednesday Morning.

A Bill for regulating the Excise was this Day read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

The House then resumed the Debate upon the Amendments to the Bill of Uniformity, as to the last Paragraph of the Parchment, marked N°. 4, touching an Allowance of Fifths to such as shall hot conform, but lose their Livings.

The Question being propounded. That Amendments be made to the Proviso, touching the Allowance of Fifths, to such as shall not conform;

The Question being put. Whether the Question shall be now put;

1

Serjeant Charlton reports, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Town of Bewdley, between Sir Henry Herbert and Sir Ralph Clare, That the Question did arise upon the Words of the Charter of the said Town; which had several Liberties and Immunities granted to it by several Names: But the Charter of 30 Jac. mentioning the several former Charters of the said Town of the said Town

was incorporated by the Name of the Bailiff and Burgesses of the Borough of Bewdley -, which Burgesses, first

to

to be chosen, were confined to the Number of Twelve *, and They impowered to choose other Burgesses; and the said Burgesses of the Borough of to elect and

fend a Burgess to serve in Parliament: And that the Question being. Whether the old Burgesses, before the Charter of the Third of King , or only the Burgesses appointed by the said Charter of King' had

Voices to elect for Parliament, not being sworn Burgesses of the said Corporation; the Committee was of Opinion, That the new Burgesses, appointed by the said Charter only, exclusive to all others, as aforesaid, had the Right; to elect: a Burgess for Parliament; and that Sip Herbert had the Majority of Voices of the said sworn-Burgesses, and was duly elected.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that Sir Henry Herbert was duly elected for the said Borough of Bewdley, and ought to fit in this House.

The House then proceeded to the Reading of the Amendments, sent down from the Lords, to the Bill for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses, in his Majesty's Customs.

And the First Amendment, being twice read, was, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Second Amendment was twice read.

The Question being put (as to this Amendment), To adhere to the Bill, as it was sent up to the Lords;

Jt was resolved in the Affirmative.

The rest of the Amendments were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

The House then rcfumed the Matter upon the Bill of Uniformity.

An Amendment, to be added to the Amendments sent from the Lords, for the Preserving of the Book of Common-Prayer, by having it recorded, and kept in Cathedral Churches, in the Courts at , and in the

Tower, was twice read.

Resolved, Th#t those Words, which concern the Pleads of Colleges, be struck out of the Amendment.

Resolved, That the Amendment be agreed £o: And that the same be added to the Parchment Amendment, sent from the Lords, N°. 4, after the Word " therein," in the Fifteenth Line of the said Amendment.

Another Amendment, for translating the Bible into Welsh, was twice read; and some Additions, upon the Question, agreed to be made thereto.

Which was done at the Table.

Resolved, That the said Amendment be agreed to: And that the same be added to the Parchment, lent from the Lords, marked N°. 4, after the Word " therein," in the Fifteenth line of the Parchment.

A Proviso, for being uncovered, and for using reverent Gestures, at the Time of Divine Service, was twice read.

But the Matter being held proper for the Convocation;

Ordered, That- such Persons, as shall be employed to

manage the Conference with the Lords, do intimate the Desire of this House, That it be recommended to the Convocation, to take Order for reverent and uniform Gestures and Demeanors to be injoined at the Time of Divine Service, and Preaching.

Ordered, That it be referred to Mr. Sollicitor-General, the Lord Fanshaw, Serjeant , Mr. , Dr.

Birkinhead, Mr. Knight, Sir Tho. , Mr.

Sir Tho. Gower, Sir Edm. Pei, Sir Tho. , Sir

Francis Goodrich, Mr. Crouch, and Sir Rich. , or

any Three of them, to see the Amendments and Additions, to be made and added to the Amendments sent from the Lords to the Bill of Uniformity, so placed and ordered, that they may cohere; and to prepare and draw up Instructions and Reasons, in Writing, for the Conference to be had with the Lords, upon the Bill of Uniformity, against Tomorrow; and to report it to the House: And they are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber thi$ Afternoon, at Two of the Clock.

4H

Ordered, That Mr. Sollicitor-General, the Lord fhaw, Serjeant Charlton, Mr. , Dr.

Mr. Knight, Sir Thomas Mere, Mr. Sir Tho.

Gower, Sir Edm. Peirfe, Sir Tho. , Sir Fra.

rich, Mr. Crouch, and Sir Rich. , do inspect the

Bill concerning Ministers; and to report their Opinion to the House, whether it be firteft to have a Conference with the Lords on that Bill, or a new Bill, to supply. such Matters as are not provided for in the Bill of Uniformity.

Ordered, That Mr. Jolly, Sir Rich. Temple, Sir Shaw, Mr. Bofcowen, Mr. Jones, Mr. Sir,

Edw. Harley, Mr, Barnbam,. Mr. Mr. Henley,

Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Pryn, Sir Tho. Strickland, Colonel Robinson, Sir Tho. , Mr. Hobby, Mr. Crohe, Mr* Marvell, be; added to the-Committee to which the Bill for sowing of Flax and Hemp is committed. . ..

Ordered, That these Persons following be added to the Committee, to which the Bill for. enabling Walter Pye Esquire to fell Lands to pay Debts was committed;

Sir Tho. Smith, Sir Roger Brad Sir Tho.

Sir Clem. Fisher, Colonel Kirk by, Mr. Purcell.

Ordered, That the Committee, to which the Bill for making Rivers navigable is committed, be revived; and do meet this Afternoon.

Mart isf2 90 Apr His, 14

Prayers.

UPON Informatian, That there was a Day appointed by the Committee of Elections, to hear the Cause touching the F.lection for the Town of Newport in Cornwall; and that Mr. Edgcomb, who is concerned, being at a great Distance, and depending upon the Adjournment of the House, jcould not attend, or bring up his Witnesses, by the Day appointed;

Ordered, That the Matter touching the Election for the said Town of Newport be adjourned till the next Meeting of the House, after the Recess.

Ordered, That the Committee of Elections have Liberty to proceed to the Hearing of all such Matters touching Elections, where the Parties can be ready, and attend on both Sides, with their Witnesses: But that Mr. Edg-comb's Cafe, and such other Cafes where the Parties cannot be ready, they do adjourn such Matters unto the next Meeting of the House, after the intended Recess.

Mr. Crouch reports, from the Committee, to which the Bill for confirming Agreements made between Thomas Bushell Esquire, and die Miners of Row-Pitts in setshire, for recovering their drowned and deserted Works, was committed, several Amendments to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, did deliver in the same at the Clerk's Table.

And the Amendments, being twice read, were, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

And the said Bill, with the Amendments, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the said Bill, with the Amendments, be agreed to.

Resolved, That the Title of the said Bill, being. An Act , be agreed to: And that the Bill, with the Amendments, be sent up to the Lords, for their Concurrence.

Mr. Birch reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for sowing Flax and Hemp was committed, several Amendments to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and then, delivered in the same at the Clerk's Table.

And the Amendments were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

The

the

' The Qvk ftion being propounded, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed j

And fume Debate arising, as to that Clause in the Bill, which docs exempt the Land sown with Flax or Hemp from paying Tythe;

Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed to the former Committee: And all the Members of this House, 'that shall come, are to have Voices at the Committee.

Ordered, That it be referred to Sir Charles Harbord, Sir John Denham, Mr Bofcowen, Mr. Mr. Attorney of the Duchy, and Dr. or any Three

of them, to view the Room over the House of Commons; and make Report to the House, whether the Records of the King's-Bench and Common-Pleas may, with Conveniency, and without Danger, be brought back, and lodged in the said Room; and to inquire, and report, where the said Records were anciently kept: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

The House then resumed the Matter upon the Amendments reported to the Bill, concerning the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level.

And the several Amendments, until the Amendment in the Second Line of the Eighth Folio, were read the Second time; and, upon the Question, severally agreed.

The Amendment to the Second Line in that Folio being read the Second time; ,

Resolved, upon the Question, That Sir Richard Jlowe's Names be inserted into the said Amendment, in-ftcad of Sir William Play ter'5.

Which was done accordingly , and That Amendment, with that Alteration, agreed unto.

The next Amendment, to the Fourth Line of the' Eighth Folio, was read the Second time;

Ordered, That the Name of Arthur Onslow Esquire, to be inserted into that Amendment.

Which was done accordingly; and That Amendment, so altered, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The rest of the Amendments, to the Amendment in the Second Line of the Twelfth Folio, were read the Second time , and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

And That Amendment, to the Second Line, being read the Second time

Resolved, That the Words " of Right," which, by the Amendment, were to be expunged, do Hand in the Bill: And that the Word " or" be inserted, before the Words " by Virtue and Provision of this Act," which, by this Amendment, are to be inserted: And, with these Alterations which were made at the Table, That Amendment was agreed to.

The next Amendment, to the Third Line, in the same Folio, was read the Second time; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The next Amendment, to the Seventh Line in the same Folio, was read the Second time *, and the Word " and, " in That Amendment, ordered to be made " or."

Which was accordingly done at the Clerk's Table: And this Amendment, so altered, was, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The next Amendment, to the Sixth Line of the Seventeenth Folio, was read , and, upon the Question,' agreed to.

The next Amendment, to the Fourteenth Line of the Seventeenth Folio, was read the Second time: 'And, being read the Third time, with the Coherence in the Bill;

Resolved, That, at the End of the Seventh Line, in the Seventeenth Sheet of the Bill, after the Word " thereof," the Words following be inserted, " being duly acknowledged before the Governor, or any Two of the Bailiffs, or any Two of the Conservators before-mentioned, and then."

Which was done accordingly at the Clerk's Table.

Resolved, That the Amendment to the Fourteenth Line of the Seventeenth Folio be agreed to.

The rest of the Amendments to the last Amendment were read the Second time; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The last Amendment, being, after the Word " accordingly," in the Seventh Line of the Two-and-twentieth Folio, to leave out all the rest of the Bill, was read the Second time.

That Part of the Eill, which, by the said Amendment, was to be left out, was read; and agreed to be omitted.

The First Paragraph, to be added instead of the Para- graph in the Bill, to intitle his Majesty tp thd Shares of such as are attainted, was read the Second time; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The next Paragraph was read.

Resolved, That That Paragraph be postponed, till after that Part of the Addition, which concerns the Judicature, be read, and considered.

Then that Part of the Addition which concerns the Erecting of a Judicature, as to the Old and New Adventurers, was read the Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Thomas Bennett and Sir Thomas PJlcourt;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to tell you, that they have agreed with you in that wherein you did formerly dister in, concerning the Amendments to the Bill for repairing the Streets and Highways in and near London and W

They have also returned you Two Bills: One, intituled, An Act for confirming the Copyhold Estates of his Majesty's Copyhold Tenants, within the Honour of Clithero, &c.: And another, intituled, An Act for Confirmation of the Estates of several Tenants and Copy-holders of the Manors of Rannes, Irchester, &c.

with some Amendments and Alterations: To which they desire your Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee upon the Bill of Uniformity be heard Tomorrow Morning.

The Question being put. To proceed in the Debate of the rest of the Additions, reported to be added to the Bill concerning Bedford Level, by Paragraphs;

The House was divided.

The Noes went out.

Sir Tho. Lee, f Tellers for the Yeas: 1

Sir Tho. Littleton, \ With the Yeas, j 34-

Sir Robert Holt, C Tellers for the Noes: 7

Sir Edw. Moseley, \ With the Noes,' j 37*

And lb it passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, To re-commit the Bill, as to the Particulars not before agreed to,

It was resolved in the Affirmative, That the same be re-committed to the former Committee, upon the former Votes, and the present Debates: And that the Cofnmittee be revived , and do fit Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at the Place formerly appointed.

Ordered, That all Committees, that were to fit this Afternoon, be adjourned; and do meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at the Places formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned pH Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Merciiriiy 30° Afrilis, 14

Prayers.

f\Rdcred, That Sir Edwdrd Harley, who hath constantly attended the Service of this House, have Leave to go into the Country.

Ordered, That the Report of the Election for the Town of Boston be heard on next.

Mr.

14 Car. It Journals vf the

Mr. Bunkley reports, from the Committee to which the Bill concerning the Lady , for confirming

Letters Patents, granted by his Majesty; for draining of certain ouzy Grounds, was committed, That the whole Body of the Bill was so altered and amended by the Committee, and so many Provisoes and Additions to be made thereto, that it was not possible to insert the Amendments into the old Bill: And therefore the Committee having made some Alterations and Additions in the Preamble, had caused the Body of the Bill, with the Alterations and Additions, to be new-writ: Which he delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

And the same was there read the-First time.

Ordered, That the said Bill, with the Alterations and

Amendments returned from the Committee, be read the Second time on Monday next.

Serjeant Charlton reports, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Town of Cardigan in Wales, between Mr. Phillips and Sir Francis Lloyd, That the Question did arise upon the Statute

of the Thirty-fifth of Henry the Vlllth, as to the Notice to be given of the Election for Members to serve for Sliire-Towns in Wales: And the Committee was of Opinion, that Notice of all Elections of Members for Shire-Towns ought, by the Intent of the said Act, to be given to the Out-Corporations and Boroughs which do not fend Burgesses themselves: And that no l'uch Notice being given, therefore the Election of the said Mr. Phillips was void.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That the Election of Mr. Phillips, to serve for the Shire-Town of Cardigan, is void; because due Notice was not given of the said Election.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that Nodce of all Elections of Members, to serve for Shire-Towns in Wales, ought to be given to the Out-Corporations and Boroughs in such Shire.

Serjeant Charlton reports, from the Committee which were appointed to peruse the Amendments, made by this House to the Amendments and Provisoes sent from the Lords, to the Bill of Uniformity; and to draw up Instructions and Reasons, to be insisted on at the Conference to be had with the Lords upon the said Amendments; the several Reasons which were agreed by the Committee to be insisted on, which were allowed by this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Herbert do go up to the Lords, to desire a Conference upon the Amendments to the Bill of Uniformity.

Mr. Herbert reports from the Lords, That they had consented to a present Conference, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Amendments to the Bill of Uniformity.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Holt, Sir Francis Mr. York, and Mr. Pryn, do peruse the old I.aws, touching the Observation of the Lord's Day , and bring in a new Bill to supply any Defects therein , and to provide for the better observing thereof: And that no Arrests be made on that Day, but Penalties imposed on such as shall presume to do it.

Ordered, That the Matter concerning Lyndfey Level be heard on Friday Morning at Nine of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Business of the Militia be taken into Consideration on Saturday Morning.

Ordered, That the Committee of Trade do fit this Afternoon.

Ordered, That John Awood senior, Richard Sanders junior, John Pardo junior, John Hall, John Randall, Philip Portman, John Amphlet,. and Samuel Hamby, being sent for, and taken into Custody, for a Breach of Privilege, in seizing the Goods of Colonel Sandys, they having submitted themselves, be discharged of their Commitment, paying, their Fees,.

House of Commons. 417

The Question being put, That the House do fit To-morrow-.

It passed in die Negative.

And so the House adjourned till Friday Morning next,' Eight of the Clock.

Veneris.} 2° Matty 1 of Car,

Prayers.

P\Rdered, That Mr. George Clerke, a Member of this House, have the Leave of this House to go into thud Cotmtry.

Ordered, That the Committee, to which the Bill con- ceming the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, was committed; and some of the Amendments to the said Bill were, by Order, re-committed; shall have Power, ana are hereby impowered, to fend for such Laws of Sewers, and other Records; and Papers or Persons, as they shall find necessary.

An ingrafted Bill, sent from the Lords, to prevent the frequent Abuses in printing seditious, treasonable, and unlicensed Books and Pamphlets; and for regulating Printing, and Printing-Prefles; was this Day read the First time.

Ordered, That Sir James Smith, Mr. Churchill,

Sir John Strode, Mr. Cofferer, Sir Allen, Mr. John Churchill, Colonel Legg, and Sir Peter Killigrevj, be added to the Committee, to which the Bill for Sale of Lands for Payment of the Portion of Mrs. was committed.

Ordered, That the Committee, to which the Bill fof regulating the Goldsmiths Trade was committed, be revived; and do fit Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Place formerly appointed.

And it is referred to the said Committee, to consider of the Bill, depending in this House, for regulating Abuses in Gold and Silver Wire; and to fee whether the Sub-.stance thereof may, by way of Proviso, be provided for in the Goldsmiths Bill.

And Sir Richard Oat ley is added to the said Committee; and is to acquaint them with the Proceedings of the former Committee.

An Act for Naturalizing of Mark Le Pla, and others*' ;was this Day read the First time.

A Message from the Lords; by Sir John Eyton Knight, Uftier of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker, The Lord Chancellor hath commanded me to acquaint you, That his Majesty hath issued his Commission to certain of the House of Peers, to give his Royal Assent to certain Bills: And the Lords, to that End, desire that this Honourable House would attend there.

Mr. Speaker, with the House, accordingly went up to the House of Lords:

And, returning again;

Mr. Speaker reports. That his Majesty had issued his Commission to the Lord High Chancellor, Lord High Treasurer, Lord Privy-Seal, the Duke of Albemarle, the Marquis of Dorchester, and Montague Earl of Lindsey, Lord High Chamberlain, to give his Royal Assent to the Bill concerning the Repairing of the Highways and Streets in and near London and Westminster, and Parts adjacent; and to the Bill against Quakers: And that the Lords appointed had executed their Commission; and the said Bills were passed.

The House then resumed the Hearing of the Cause between Sir William Killigrew, and other Adventurers, and Sir Charles Huffey, a Member of the House, concerning the Level of the Fens, called Lindsey Level,

5 N And

Dinitizprl by.

1Q\&

418 Journals of the House of Commons. A. 16621

And the Counsel being called in to the Bar of the House; and, at large, heard, in stating the Title and Claim of each Party; and several Witnesses being produced at the Bar, and examined, and cross-examined, on both Sides; and several Deeds being read;

And a pretended Verdict of Sewers, and a Deed in the Thirteenth Year of the late King, being produced, and offered in Evidence, on the Behalf of Sir Charles Hujfey , but no Witnesses being produced to make Proof thereof;

Resolved, upon the Question, That Sir Charles Hujfey have Liberty, on Monday Morning, the first Sitting of the House, to produce his Witnesses, to prove the Verdict of Sewers and Deed, of the Thirteenth of the late King, now produced; and the other Side then to make their Reply: And the Committee, to which the Bill was committed, are then to make their Report; and the House will then proceed thereupon.

Resolved, That all Cortimittees, which were to meet this Afternoon, be adjourned; and do meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning at Eight of the Clock. '

Sabbati, 30 Ma, 14°

Prayers.

f\Rdered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections do proceed upon the Petition of Sir Richard

Vivian, to hear, and report, the Matter touching the Election for the Borough of St. Mawes in the

first Tuesday of the Meeting of this House, after the Recess.

Ordered, That Sir Philip Warwick do go up to the Lords, to desire a Conference upon the Amendments to* the Bill for regulating his Majesty's Customs.

The House then resumed the Matter upon the Alterations and Additions, reported from the Committee to which the Bill for confirming Letters Patents, granted Joy his late Majesty, for draining certain ouzy Lands, unto the Lady Wandesford.

And feme of the Paragraphs, of the said Additions, being read the Second time; and some Alterations being, up-<on the Question, agreed to be made; and being accordingly made, at the Table; and the several Paragraphs, unto that which concerns , being agreed to;

Ordered, That the Matter upon the rest of the said

Paragraphs and Additions be adjourned; and taken into Consideration on Tuesday Morning.

Sir Philip Warwick reports, from the Lords, That they

had agreed to a present Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That Sir Philip WMr. , Mr. t Birch, Mr. Clifford, Sir Rich. Ford, and Sir Thomas Meers, do manage the Conference with the Lords, upon the Bill concerning his Majesty's Customs.

Mr. Birch reports, from the Committee which were appointed to manage the Conference with the Lords, That the Conference was ended.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, to prevent the frequent Abuses in printing seditious, treasonable, and un-.licensed Books and Pamphlets, was this Day read the Second time.

t Resolved, That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Treasurer, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Torke, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Cha.

Harbord, Sir Tho. Allen, Mr. Fane, Sir Phil. Warwick, Sir Fra. Go'odrick, Mr. Bunkley, Mr. Clifford, Mr. Bul-

teele, Mr. Wm. Coventry, Mr. Newport, Dr.

Serjeant Charlton, Lord Gorges, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Tho.

Gower, Sir Clifford Clifton, Mr. , Mr.

Hen. Coventry, Lord Fanshaw, Sir John Strode, Mr. Smith, Mr. Milward, Colonel Colonel

Serjeant Keeling, Sir Wm. Fleetwood, Sir John Serjeant Maynard, Sir Rich. Browne, Colonel Bishop, Mr. Weflpbaling, Sir Tho. Wendy, Mr. Sir Adam

Browne, Lord Vaughan, Dr. Quatremain, Mr. Buller, Mr. Dowdjwell, Mr. Swinfein, Mr. Knight, Mr. Chowne, Mr. Jones, Mr. Oakeley, Sir Fra Sir Mr. Reames, Sir James Stnith, Sir Wm. Mr.

Rigby, Sir Wm. Compton, Sir Hen. Mr. Morice,

Mr. Barnaby, and all the Members of this House, that

serve for the Two Universities of Oxford and Cambridge: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House then proceeded to the Reading of the Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill for ordering the Forces in the several Counties of this Kingdom.

The Amendment to the Second Line of the First Skin was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Amendment to the Tenth Line was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Amendment to the Eleventh Line was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Amendment to the Twelfth Line was twice-read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Amendment to the Seventeenth Line was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

That Part of the Amendment to the Eighteenth Line, being to insert the Words " shall think fit to be," instead of the Word " as," was, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Question being put, To agree to the other Part of that Amendment, for inferring the Words " Lord Lieutenant," instead of the Word " Lieutenants

It passed in the Negative.

The Amendment to the Twentieth Line was twice read.

And the Question being put. To agree to the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The Amendment to the Twenty-seventh Line was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Amendment to the Twenty-ninth Line was twice read.

And the Question being put. To agree to the lai4 Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The Amendments to the Thirtieth and Thirty-second Lines being twice read;

Upon Debate thereof;

Resolved, upon the Question, That all Colonels, Lieutenant-Colonels, Majors, and Captains, shall be approved by the King, before they receive Commissions: And that the Deputations to the Deputy Lieutenants, and the Commissions to all the Officers, do continue during the King's Pleasure.

Ordered, That Serjeant Charlton, Sir Thomas , and Mr. Churchill, do attend Mr. Speaker; and do prepare, and bring in Alterations to rite laid Amendments, pursuant to these Votes, and the present Debate.

And then the House adjourned for an Hour.

Poji Merid.

fjRdered, That all Committees, which were to fit this Afternoon, be adjourned; and do meet on Monday pext, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, at the Places appointed.

Sir Thomas Meres reports, from the Committee appointed to prepare, and bring in, Alterations to the

Amend-

Amendments, font from the Lords, to the Thirtieth and Thirty-second Lines of the First Skin of the Bill for the Militia, these Alterations following; viz.

30 Line, agree to the Amendment, leaving out after the Words " to be," in the Second Line of the Amendment, these Words, " Colonels, Lieutenant-Colonels, Majors, Captains, and other Commission-Officers and, instead thereof, insert "Lieutenants of Companies and Troop?, and all other inferior Officers."

32 Line, agree to the Amendment, inferring before the Word " upon," in the Second Line of this Amendment, these W ords, " to be Colonels, Lieutenant-Colonels, Majors, and Captains of the said Persons so to be armed, arrayed, and weaponed as aforesaid, and*," and adding, between the Word " Deputations , Kand " accordingly,'* in the Third Line, these Words, " and Comrfiiffions and, after "accordingly," adding " to continue during his Majesty's Pleasureand, after the Word " said," leaving out the Word " Lord."

The Amendment to the Forty-sixth Line of the First Skin was twice read.

And the Question being put, To agree to the said Amendment -,

It passed in the Negative.

The Amendment to the Forty-seventh Line was twice read.

And the Question being put. To adhere to the Bill as to That Particular j

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Amendment to the Three-and-fiftieth Line was twice read j and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Amendment to the Fifty-sixth Line was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Amendment to the Fifty-seventh Line was twice rfcad; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

‘ The Amendment to the Fifty-eighth Line was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

' The Amendment to the Fifty-ninth Line was twice ttad; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Amendment to the Sixtieth Line was twice read.

‘ And the Question being put. To adhere to the Clause as it is in the Bill;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Amendment to the Sixty-third Line was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Amendment to the Third Line of the Second Skin was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Amendment to the Fifth Line was twice read.

And the Question being put. To adhere to the Bill as to This Particular;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Amendment to the Sixth Line was twice read.

And the Question being put, To agree to That Part of die Amendment; for inferring the Word " Three," instead of the Word " Two ;"

It passed in the Negative.

And the other Part of the Amendment, For inferring the Word " Horseman," was, upon the Question, agreed to.-

The Amendment to the Ninth Line was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Amendment to the Eleventh Line was read twice; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Amendment to the Twelfth Line was twice read.

And the Question being put. To adhere to the Bill in That Particular;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Amendment to the Fourteenth Line was twice read.

And the Question being put. To adhere to the Bill in That Particular;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Amendment to the Fifteenth Line was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Amendment to the Sixteenth Lane was twice read.

And the Question being put. To adhere to the Bill in That Particular;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

v'

The Amendment to the Eighteenth Line was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Amendment to the Three-and-twentieth Line was twice read.

And the Question being put, To adhere to the Bill in That Particular;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Amendment to the One-and-thirtieth Line was twice, read.

And the Question being put. To adhere to the Bill in That Particular;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Amendment to the Thirty-third Line was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Amendment to the Thirty-fourth Line was twice read -, and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Amendment to the Thirty-seventh Line was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to; leaving out the Word " Lords."

The Amendment to the Forty-fifth Line was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Amendment to the Forty-seventh Line was twice read.

And the Question being put, To adhere to the Bill in That Particular -,

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Amendment to the Fifty-fifth Line was twice read.

And the Question being put. To adhere to the Bill in That Particular;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Amendment to the Sixty-first Line was twice read.

And the Question being put. To adhere to the Bill in That Particular;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Amendment to the Sixty-third Line was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Amendment to the First and Second Line of the Third Skin was twice read.

And the Question being put. To adhere to the BUI in That Particular;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Amendment to the Fourth Line was twice read.

And the Question being put, To adhere to the Bill in That Particular;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Amendment to the Thirteenth Line was twice read j and, upon Question, agreed to; leaving out the Word " Lords."

The Amendment to the Twentieth and Twenty-first Lines was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to; leaving out the Word " Lords."

The Amendment to the Twenty-ninth Line, and Thirtieth Lines, was twice read.

And the Question being put. To adhere to the Bill in That Particular;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Thd Amendment to the Thirty-sixth Line was twice read.

And the Question being put, To adhere to the Bill ini. That Particular;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Amendment to the Forty-first Line was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to; leaving out the Word " Lords."

The Amendment to the Forty-second and Forty-third Line was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Amendment to the Forty-fourth Line was twice read: And that Part of the Amendment for inferring the Words " and paying," instead of the Words " as pay,'* was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Amendment to the Forty-seventh and Forty-eighth Lines was twice read.

And the Question being put. To adhere to the Bill as to That Particular;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Amendment to the Forty-eighth Line was twice read,

2

And the Question being put. To adhere to the Bill as to That Particular,

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Amendment to the Fifty-second Line was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to; inferring, after the Word " Directions," in the Fourth Line, these Words, " concerning their Meetings ;" and leaving out the Word " Lord " in the Fifth Line.

The Question being put,1 To adjourn }

The House was divided.

The Noes went out. t

Sir Rob. Holt, f Tellers for the Yeas: 7 Q,

Sir Edm. Mofiey, T With the Yeas, J 4*

Sir John 'Talbot, \ Tellers for the Noes: 7 Sir Hen. Capel, £ With the Noes, J And fb it passed in the Negative.

: The Amendment to the Fifty-seventh Line was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to; leaving out the Word " Lord."

The Amendment to the Sixty-third and Sixty-fourth Line was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Amendment to the First Line of the Fourth Skin was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to; leaving out the Word " Lords."

The Amendment to the Fourth Line was twice read} and, upon the Question, agreed to-, leaving out the Word " Lord."

‘ The Amendment to the Fifth Line was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to; with these Alterations following; viz. after the Word " Cities," in the Third Line, insert these Words, and their Suburbs ;" and, after the Words " Towns Corporate," insert these Words, " Market-Towns, and Houses within the Bills of Mortality, where it shall and may be lawful to search in the Night-time by Warrant, as aforesaid, if the Warrant shall so direct; and, in case of Resistance, to enter by Force." Some Debate arising, Whether, in case of Resistance in the Day-time, there were sufficient Power given by the Act to enter into any House to make Search for Arms , Ordered, That Serjeant Charlton, SvcTbo. Meres, Mr. Coventry, and Sir Thomas Littdo consider of, and prepare and bring in a Clause for the Purpose aforesaid, if they find it necessary.

Ordered, That Sir John Vaughan be added to the Committee, to which the Bill for regulating the Press is committed.

Lunce> 50 Maii, 140 Car.

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill, for settling the Lands of Cuthbert Morley in Lackenby, in Richard Barrett and others, was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, That the said Bill do pals: And that the Title shall be. An Act for vesting, settling the Lands and Tenements of Cuthbert Morley in Lackenby, in Richard Barrett, Katherine Chute, and Arthur , their Heirs and Assigns, till they have received certain Monies due unto them.

t

Sir Francis Goodrich reports, from the Committee, to which the Bill for enabling Sir John Clarke to fell Lands to pay his Debts was committed, certain Amendments to be made, and a Proviso to be added to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in the Bill; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: And the Amendments, being twice read, were, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

The Proviso being read the Second time;

Resolved, That the said Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That it be referred to Sir Francis Goodrich, Sir John Talbot, and Mr. Street, to peruse the Proviso, and to hear the Persons concerned; and to fee, that the Agreement therein mentioned be made to the Satisfaction of the Jferfpns interested; and if they find it so, then the Proviso

to be ingrafted: Or else they are to report to the House-what they find fit to be done.

Ordered, That the Report of the Bill, which concerns College Leases, be heard Tomorrow Morning.

Amendments, font from the Lords, to the Bill concerning the Tenants of the Manor of Clithero, were twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to; and afterwards,' read the Third rime,

Resolved, That the said Amendments, agreed to, be inserted into the Bill.

Which was done accordingly.

Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill con-.' cerning the Manor of Rannes,&c. were twice read; and* Upon the Question, agreed to; and afterwards, read the Third time.

Resolved, That the said Amendments agreed to, be in* ferted into the Bill.

Which was done accordingly.

Mr. William Coventry reports, from the Committee, to which the Bill for providing Carriages for his Majesty by Land and by Water was committed, several Amendments to be made, and Two Provisoes to be added to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

And the First Amendment to the last Line of the Second Sheet being twice read;

Resolved, That the Words " Cuernfey and Jersey " be. struck out of the Amendment.

Which was done accordingly.

Resolved, That the Amendment, so altered, be agreed to.

The rest of the Amendments, until the Amendment to the First Line of the Seventh Sheet, were all twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

The Amendment to the First Line of the Seventh Sheet,' being, to insert the Proviso marked with x, was read the Second time.

The Proviso was twice read; and, upon the Question,

agreed to.

The next Amendment to the Ninth Line of the Seventh Sheet, being, to fill up the Blank with " Five Pounds,'* was read the Second time.

Resolved, That this Clause be inserted in, instead of " Five Pounds," viz.for every Abuse as to any Land-Carriage the Sum of " Five Pounds," and for every Abide in any Carriage, the Sum of " Ten Pounds."

The last Proviso, being to insert the Proviso marked O;

That Proviso was twice read.

Resolved, That these Words, " freighted by Charter-Party, if there be other Vessels in the Port fitting for the Service, nor any Vessel Quarter," be inserted in this Proviso, after die Words " bona fide.J

Which was done accordingly.

Resolved, That the Proviso, so amended, be agreed to.

Resolved, That the Words, in the Beginning of the Fifth Line of the Second Folio, beginning " which Act,'* unto the Word " Affairs, " in the Third Line of the Preamble of the Bill, be left out.

Resolved, That the Preamble, as to that Part which recites the Act of the last Assembly to be an Act of Parliament, be amended, and made " An Ad, intituled, An Act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof."

Which was done accordingly.

A Proviso, for the Ad to be in Force till the End of the First Section of the next Parliament, was twice read.

Resolved, That the said Proviso be agreed to, and made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Calling-over of the House be adjourned till This-day-sevennight: And that the House be then Called over, under the former Penalties against such as shall make Default.

Z,

4 21

Ordered, That the House be adjourned to Two of the Clock} and do then proceed upon the Bill of the Militia.

Poji Meri.

UPON Information of a Difference, and a Mischief like to ensue, between the Lord Ojjory and Mr. Philip Howard, Two of the Members of this House;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take the said Persons into Custody; and detain them till fqrther Orde,r.

Ordered, That all Committees, which were to fit this Afternoon, be adjourned till Tomorrow, Two of the Clock in the Afternoon i and do then fit.

The House did then resume the Matter upon the rest of the Amendments to the Bill of the Militia, as to that Part of the Amendment to the Fourth and Fifth Line of the Fourth Skin, in relation to the Paragraph directed to be brought in to search all Houses for Arms by Force, where there shall beRefiftance: Which Paragraph was as followeth; viz.

" And that in all Places and Houses whatsoever, where Search is to be made as aforesaid, it shal] and may be lawful, in case of Resistance, to enter by Force."

Which Paragraph, being twice read j was, upon the Question, agreed to.

Resolved, That the said Paragraph be agreed to, and added after the Words " by Force," in the Amendment last agreed to.

The next and last Paragraph of that Amendment, as to the searching the Houses of Peers, was read the Second time.

The Question being propounded. That these Words,

" when he is there resident," shall be made Part of the

Sir Solomon

Mr. Clifford

Sir Rich.

Mr. Phillips

8i.

102.

tii

jueltion;

The Question was put, Whether this Question shall be, now put.

The House was divided.

The Noes went out.

‘Tellers for the Yeas:7 With the Yeas, j "Tellers for the Noes: 7 With the Noes, j And so it passed in the Negative.

The Question being propounded. That, instead of these Words, " but by immediate Direction from his Majesty under his Sign Manual," these Words, "but by Direction-from his Majesty," shall be made use of*.

The Question being put. Whether That Question shall be now put;

The House was divided.

The Noes went out.

["Tellers for the Yeas:7 With the Yeas, } ‘Tellers for the Noes: 7 With the Noes, j So it passed in the Negative.

The Question being put. That these Words, " or in the Presence of the Lieutenants, or one of the Deputy Lieutenants," be added to the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put, That these Words, " by virtue of this Act," shall be Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put, That these Words, " of the same County or Riding," be Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put. That the Word " Dwelling " be Part of the Question -,

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put. That the Amendment, with the feveraT Additions before-mentioned, be agreed to;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Sir Solomon

Mr. Clifford

Sir Rich. 7"rnple,

Mr. Phillips

89.

95-

Mart isj 60 Maiiy 140 Car.

Prayers.

A Bill for Naturalizing of Mark La , and others; was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed to Lord Gorges, Mr. Attorney of the Duchy, Mr. Mr.

Pleydall, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Cory, Sir Rob. , Mr.

Culleford', Lord Fanshaw, Mr. Jones, Mr. , Mr.

Reames, Sir John Shaw, Serjeant Sir Rich.

Everard, Sir Tho. Meres, Colonel Windham, Sir James Smith, Sir Edm. Pye, Sir Clifford , Sir John , Sir John Brampston, Sir Tho. Gower, Mr. Coventry, Mr.

Croke, Sir Rob.Holt, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Walden, Mr. Smith,

Mr. Clifford, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Knight, Colonel Sir Geo. Ryve, Mr. Milward. , Sir Tho. Totnpkins, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Sandis, and all the Members of this House that serve for the Counties of Lincolne, Cambridge, Huntington, Norfolke, and Suffolke: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Cham--ber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Names of and George Bulled

and John Gifford be, upon Payment of their Fees, inferred into the aforesaid Bill of Naturalizing.

Ordered, That (he Matter touching the Naturalizing of Merchants be taken into Consideratton on Friday next.

Ordered, That the Matter touching the Election for the Town of Boston between Sir Anthony Irby and Major Thory be heard Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Thomas tyeres reports,. from the Committee, to which the Bill for confirming an Act for Confirmation of Leases and Grants from Colleges and Hospitals was committed, That the Committee saw no Cause to make any Amendment to the Body of the Bill i but they found it just to add several Provisoes: Which he read in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

And the First Proviso, being twite read, was, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Secpnd Proviso was read the Second time; and, on the Question, agreed to.

The Third Proviso was read the Second time -, and; upon the Question, agreed to.

The Fourth Proviso was read the Second time.

Resolved, That, these Words " or for Lives," be inserted after the Word " more And that the latter Part of the Proviso, from the Word but," be omitted.

And the Proviso, so altered, was agreed to.

The Fifth Proviso was read the Second time.

Resolved, That these Words, " Saving nevertheless, and reserving to the said Thomas Snelgrave, such Estate as he had before the Surrender of his old Lease, and taking the new Lease, notwithstanding the Surrender of the formed Lease," be ihferted in that Proviso, after the Word grave.if

Which was dpne accordingly.

And the Proviso, so amended, was, upon the Question; agreed to.

Resolved, That the said Bill, with the Provisoes agreed to, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That the same of the Vicar 6f Twifordbt recommended to Dr. Lewii, Master of the Hospital of St. Cross -, to allow him a competent Maintenance, and use him well: And it is recommended to Mr. Bunkleyi Mr. Hungerford, and Dr. Birkenhead, to acquaint the Doctor with the Desires of this House.

The House then proceeded to the Reading of the rest of the Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill coh-cerning the Militia.

' The Amendment to the Fifteenth Line of the Fourth Skin was read the Second time; and, upon die Question; agreed to.

*50 . The

The Amendment to the Seventeenth Line of the same Skin was read the Second time; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Amendment to the Eighteenth Line was read the Second time; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Amendment to the Twentieth Line being read the Second time;

Resolved, That the House, as to this Amendment, doth adhere to the Bill.

The Amendment to the Twenty-fourth Line was read the Second time; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Amendment to the Twenty-eighth Line was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the House, as to this Amendment, doth adhere to the Bill.

The Amendment to the Thirtieth Line was read the Second time.

The Question being put. To leave out the Words " and riot other wise;"

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put. To agree to the Amendment so altered; ,

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Amendment to the Thirty-fourth Line was read the Secdnd time; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Amendment to the Thirty-sixth Line was read the Second time. (

The Question being put. To agree to the said Amend-, merit '

.. It. pasted in the Negative.

The Amendment to the Thirty-seventh Line was read the Second tiriie;

Resolved, That, as to this' Amendment, .'this House doth agree to the Lords.

The rest of the Amendments to the Amendment in the Fifty-first Line were read the Second time; and, upon the Question, agreed to '

The Amendment to the Fifty-first lane was- read the Second time; and the Word" " L-ords," upon the Question, left out.

The Amendment to the First Line of the Fifth Skin being read the Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth adhere to the Bill.

The Amendments to the Eighth and Ninth Lines Were read the Second time; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Amendment to the Twelfth Line being read the Second time; '

Resolved, That this House doth adhere to the Bill.

The Amendment to the Eighteenth Line was read the Second time; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Amendment to the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Lines was read the Second time.'

Resolved', That the Words " not being Peers " be added after the Words " Deputy Lieutenants."

Resolved, That the Amendment, so altered, be agreed to, leaving out the Word " Lords." '

The Amendment to the Twenty-second and Twenty-third Line was read the Second time; and, upon the Question, agreed to, leaving out the Word " Lords."

The rest of the Amendments to the Amendment in the Thirty-ninth Line of the Sixth Skin were read the Second time; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Amendment to the Thirty-ninth Line being read the Second time;

_ Resolved., That this House doth adhere to the Bill.

The Amendment to the Fortieth Line was read the Second time.

The Question being put. To adhere to the Bill as to this Clause;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Amendment to the Forty-seventh Line was read the Second time.;

Resolved, That this House doth adhere to the Bill.

The Amendment to the Second Line of the Seventh-Skin was read the Second time; and, upon the Question, agreed to, leaving out the Word " Lord."

The Amendment to the Twentieth Line was read the

3

Second time; and, upon the Question, agreed to, leaving out the Word " Lord."

The rest of the Amendments to the Amendment in the Forty-fourth Line were read the Second time; and, upon the Questionr agreed- to.

The Amendment to the Forty-fourth Line being read the Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth adhere to the Bill.

The Amendment to the Forty-fifth Line was read the Second time.

Resolved, That these Words, " or by his Direction,'* be inserted into that Amendment after the Words " as aforesaid."

Resolved, That the Amendment, so altered, be agreed

to.

The Amendment to the Forty-ninth Line being read the Second time; ' ? '

Resolved, That this House doth adhere to the Bill.

The Amendments to the Fifth and Sixth Line of the Eighth Skin were read the Second time; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Amendment to the Seventh Line was read the Second time.

Resolved, That these Words, " according to the Rules and Directions before-mentioned in this Act," be added to the Amendment, after the Word " himAnd that these Words, " observing the Rules arid Proportions appointed by this Act," be added at the End of the Paragraph.

: Resolved, That the Paragraph, so amended, be-agreed to.

The Amendment to the Twelfth Line being read the Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth adhere to the Bill.

The Amendment to the Eighteenth Line was read the Second time; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Amendment to the Two-and-twentieth Lind being read the Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth adhere to the Bill.

- The Amendments to the Twenty-fourth' and Twenty-fifth Lines were read the Second time; and Upon the Question, agreed to.

The Amendment to the Forty-third Line was read the Second time.

The Question being put. To agree to the said Amendment; '

It passed in the Negative^ 5

The Amendment to the Forty-seventh Line was read the Second time; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The last Amendment to the Forty-eighth Line was read the Second time4

' The Question being put, To adhere to the Bill as to this Amendment;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That such Witnesses as are in Town be examined before the Committee for Elections, touching the Election for Newport, the next Sitting of the Committee after this Day.

Mercurii, 70 Mail, 14.0

Prayers.

TL/fsl RK Le Pla, fames be Pla, Peter De Cou senior,

Peter De Cou]\smoT, John Le Houcque, DanielDubo, John De Beauecarne, and David Le Conte, did this Day take the Oaths'of Supremacy and Allegiance at the Clerk's Table, in order to their Naturalization.

An ingrafted Bill for the better Regulating of Common Fields was this Day read the Third time.

The Question being put, That these Words, " and other Commonable Grounds," be added to the Bill in the respective Places, after " Common Fields

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And that Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Steward, Mr. Bunkley, Serjeant Rains ford, Mr. York, and Sir Francis Goodrich,

'‘ do

do fee it put in against Tomorrow Morning, in the Places where it is proper, after the Words " Common Fields."

Ordered, That Mr. 'Taylor have the Leave of this House to attend the Jury in

Sir Jervas Hollis delivers a Message from his Majesty,

" That he had, upon the Petition of the Captives of

giers, recommended them to this House, to take their same into Confederation."

Ordered, That the Debate of the Matter touching the Captives of Algiers be heard on Friday next.

A. Bill for regulating the Excise was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, That the same be committed to Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Rob. Holt, Sir Tho. , Sir Solomon Swale,

Sir Henry Newton, Sir Philip WarwSir Lake, Sir Tho. Lee, Colonel Reames, Mr. Sir Bayn-

ham Throckmorton, Sir Geo. Ryve, Mr. Smith, Mr. Steward, Mr. Torke, Lord Gorge, Mr. Churchill, Mr. Jones, Mr. Swinfen, Sir Roger Bradjh Sir,

Sir Fra. Goodrich, Mr. Heath, Mr. Milward, Sir Fleetwood, Colonel Bishop, Sir John Shaw, Sir Rich. Onslow,. Sir Rich. Franklyn, Sir Rich. Everard, Mr.

Mr. Crouch, Mr. Mufgraye, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Mr. Coventry, Mr.. Bofcowen, Sir HumWinch, Colonel Wank-

lyn, Mr. Htingerford, Sir Rich. Oatley, Mr.' Cooke, Mr,

Morris, Sir Rich. Templex Dr. Mr. Treasurer,

Mr. Fane, Sir John Strode, Mr-. Birch, Mr. Clifford, Sir Clifford Clifton, Mr. Seymour, Sir John Sir

Tho. Tompkins, Sir Tho. Woodcock, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Bofcowen, Lord Brereton, Sir J Sir Crisp,

Sir Edw. Maffey, Sir Rich. Browne, Sir Wm.

Mr, Chowne, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Mr. Bofcowen,

Mr. Pryn, Sir Edm. Pooley, Colonel Windham, Serjeant . Maynard, Mr. King, Sir Edm. Peirfe, Lord Fanfhaw, Mr.

Puckering, Colonel Progers, Colonel Kirkby, Mr. Daniel, Mr. Seymour, Mr. WeJlpbaUng, Mr. Oakley, Colonel

Fretchvile, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Thurland: And all the Members of this House, that come to the said Committee, are to have Votes thereat: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the House; and to fit there, and not elsewhere: And to fend for Persons, Papers,. and Records.

The House then resumed the Debate upon the Two Provisoes, in Parchment, sent from the Lords, to the Bill for the Militia: One, for Ten Pounds to be paid in lieu of an Horse; and the other, for laving the Right of the Muster-Master-General's Place.

The First Paragraph of the First Proviso was read the Second time.

The Question being put. To agree to that Part of

the Proviso;

It paHed in the Negative.

The next Paragraph of That Proviso being read the Second time;

The Question being put. To agree, to That Paragraph j

It passed in the Negative.

A Message from the Lords, by Six Walter Littleton and Sir Nathaniel Hobart;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a present Conference in the Painted Chamber, upon a Message they have received from his Majesty.

And they have returned you Two Bills: One, for the Repair of Bengworth- Bridge; and the other, for the Distri-

bution of the Sixty thousand Pounds amongst the loyal Officers, and afltffing Offices for their further Supply , with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

The Mefifengers being withdrawn;

Resolved, That this House doth agree to a present Conference: And Mr. Sollicitor-General, Lord Bruce, Mr. Clifford, Serjeant Charlton, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Waller, Sir John Talbot, and Sir William Compton, are to manage the Conference.

Ordered, That the Amendments to the Bill for Distribution of the Sixty thousand Pounds be taken into Consideration on Friday Morning.

The Mefifengers being called in; Mr. Speaker acquaints them. That the House had agreed to a present Conference.

Sir Heneage Finch, his Majesty's Sollicitor-General, reports, from the Conference, That the Lords did acquaint them, that they had received a Message from his Majesty, intimating, That he had received News of the Queen's approaching near the English Coast; and of his Majesty's Intent, upon the first Notice of her Landing, to let forward to receive her: And therefore defined, that they would lay aside all private Business, and apply themselves wholly to the Publick, that they may be the looner ready to rife.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, by Colonel Fretchvile, to desire them to expedite the Bill for restoring Impropriations to the loyal Party.

Ordered, That the Bill for the better observing the Lord's Day be read on Friday Morning.

Ordered, That the Report of Sir Thomas Meres, from the Committee to which the Bill for taking away Damage cleere was committed, be heard on Friday Morning.

The House then resumed the Debate of the Two other Provisoes, in Parchment, sent from the Lords, to the Bill of the Militia;

The First of which, as to the laving the Right of the eldest Clerk of the Council to be Muller-Master+General, was read the Second time.

The Question being put, To agree with the Lords as to this Proviso;

It passed in the Negative.

The last Proviso, as to the Lords being afiefled by Five of the Privy Council, was read the Second time.

The Question being put, To agree to this Proviso, as it is now sent- from the Lords;

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put. To commit the Prpvifp; The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Sir Rich.Temple,

Mr. Seymour,

Sir Tho. Meres,

Sir Fra. Goodrich,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative, That the said Proviso be committed to Mr. Treasurer, Lord Mr. Vaughan, Sir Tho.Meres, Mr. Hen. Coventry, Mr. Ashburnham, Serjeant Charlton, Mr. Sollicitor-General, Mr. Churchill, Mr. Wm. Coventry, Sir Fra. Gocdriek, Sir Rob. Howard, Mr. Scot, Dr. Birkinbead, Sir Tho. Gower, Colonel Robinson, Sir Jordan Crof.and, Sir Wm. Portman,

Lord Angier, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Mr.

Milward, Sir Wm. Compton, Mr. Rigby, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Hen.Bennett, Sir Edm. Peirfe, Sir Colonel Progers, Sir Tho. Strickland, Sir John Talbot, Sir Bainbam Throckmorton, Lord Gorge, Mr. Clifford, Mr. Wanklyn: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber , and to prepare, and bring in, Amendments to the said Proviso, pursuant to the present Debate.

'Tellers for the Noes: 7 > , With the Noes, J

Tellers for the Yeas: 7 With the Yeas, J

86.

Vzneris, 9° Ma/, 14" Car.

Prayers.

THE Lord Gorge reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for Naturalizing of Marke Le Pla, and others, was committed, That the Committee had carefully examined the'Certificates concerning the several Persons; and found, that there was no Cause of Exception

Die ----- ----- __________

424 Journals of the House of Commons.

fion again It any of them, why they should not be natural iz.cd: And that the Committee found no Defefl in the Bill, but only the Omission of the Word " the'-," which, by Amendment, was to be inserted after the Word " and, " and before the Word " Commons," in the Third Line of the Third Sheet of the Bill.

Which Amendment, being twice read, was, upon the Question, agreed to.

Resolved, That the said Bill, with the said Amendment agreed to, be ingossed.

A Bill for better Observation of the Lord's-Day was this Day read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read again the Second time

Tomorrow Morning.

An additional Bill to the Act for better regulating Corporations was this Day read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time the next Opportunity.

Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the ingossed Bill for Repair of Bengworth were twice read,

and, upon the Question, severally agreed to j and then read the Third time.

Resolved, That the said Amendments, agreed to, be inserted into, and made Part of the Bill.

Ordered That all the Members that serve for the several Counties of Wales, and for the Counties of Devon, and Derby, be added to the Committee to which the Bill concerning Royal Mines is committed.

Upon Information, That Richard Esquire

had stopped up the Lane's End in his Lordship of on purpose to hinder Mr. Rigby, one of the Members of this House, from carrying the Tythe-Corn of the said Township (whereof he the said Mr. Rigby is Inheritor) to his own House: And that the said Mr. Shuttleworth had, by Thomas Cowpe his Attorney, earned several vexatious Actions of Trespass to be commenced against Henry nester, George Kighley, James Topping, and John being menial Servants unto, and Persons employed by, the said Mr. Rigby, in the carrying of the said Corn; and had several times sued them to the Exigent, they having done nothing but by the Direction of the said Mr. Rigby, whose Interest is only concerned: Which is in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That the said Mr. , and Thomas

Gowpe his Attorney, do, upon Summons, attend this House upon Monday the Twenty-sixth Day of this Instant May, to answer the Breach of Privilege objected against them.

The House then proceeded to the Reading of the Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill of Distribution of the Sixty thousand Pounds amongst the truly loyal and indigent Commission-Officers, and for assessing "Offices for their further Supply.

And the several Amendments made to the Bill, before the Commissioners Names, being twice read, were, Upon the Question, severally agreed to.

The Amendment to the Commissioners Names in Bed-fordshire, as to the Lord Bruce, being read the Second time;

Resolved, That these Words, " in the Kingdom of

England," be inserted, after the Word "

The Three next Amendments, as to the Commissioners Names for the Counties of CaCbester, and Derby,

were read the Second time; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

The next Amendment, as to the County of Devon, being, before " Sir Hugh," to leave out "Right Honourable," being read the Second time,

Resolved, That the House, as to this Amendment, doth adhere to the Bill.

The Amendment to the County of Glottcefier, being read the Second time* was, upon die Question, agreed to.

The next Amendment, as to the Commissioners Names for the County of Hereford, being read the'Second time, was, upon the Question, agreed.

The Amendment to the Commissioners Names for the County of Hertford being read the Second time;

Resolved, That these Words, " Lord Viscount Fan-shaw of be inserted, instead " Lord Fanfhaw Viscount Drumore."

The next Amendment, to the Names'of Commissioners for London and Westminster was read the' Second time.

Resolved, That these Words, in the Kingdom of England," be inserted after the Word "

And that the Amendment, so altered, be agreed to.

The rest of the Amendments to the Commissioners Names of the several Counties, until the County of were read the Second time; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

The Amendments, as to the Commissioners Names for the County of Yorke, being read the Second time;

Resolved, That these Words, " in the Kingdom of England," be inserted after the Word " Wbarleton:" And that the Amendment, with this Alteration, be agreed to.

The Two next Amendments, after the Commissioners Names, were twice ready and-, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

The Parchment, sent from the Lords, containing Two Provisoes, was twice read.

The First Proviso was read the Second time.

The Question being put. To agree to this Proviso;

It passed in the Negative.

The Second Proviso was read the Second time.

The Question being put, To agree to this Proviso;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.'

Serjeant Charlton reports, from the Committee appointed to consider of the Proviso, sent from the Lords, to the Bill for ordering the Forces in the several Counties of this Kingdom, touching the Assessing of Peers, feme Amendments and Additions to the said Proviso: Which were twice read.

Resolved, That the Proviso, sent from the Lords, with these Amendments and Additions, being agreed unto: The same was read the Third time, with the Coherence, in the Proviso.

Resolved, That these Words, " when they are not absent," be added after the Word " Direction," in the several Places of the Bill, where it is proper to be inserted.

Resolved, upon the Question, That it be referred to the former Committee appointed to consider of, and bring in Amendments to the Lords Proviso, or any Three of them, to peruse the Bill, and the Amendments and Provisoes, font from the Lords; and to compare them with the Amendments and Alterations made thereto by this House; and to see that the same do cohere and agree; and to report their Opinion thereupon; and also to insert the Words " when they are not absent," according to the former Vote, in such Places as it is proper; and to peruse the Clause, as to the Month's Pay j and, if they find any Doubt arising thereupon, to report it to the House; and to instrud themselves with Realons against the Conference.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Justinian Lewen and Sir Toby Woolrich;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have returned you Two Bills: One, for restoring of Advowsons to his Majesty's loyal Subjects *, and the other, for preventing of Theft upon the Northern Borders -, with some Amendments: To

which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And they do further command us to give you Notice, that they have agreed to the Bill of Uniformity, with, the Amendments and Alterations sent from this House.

JMr.

Mr. Speaker reports, That, in pursuance to the Order of the House, the Serjeant had seized the Lord Offory And that he had engaged to confine himself to House and had observed his Engagement: But Mr. Philip Howard did absent himself, and could not' be met with.

Ordered, That Mr. Philip , a Member of this

House, do, upon Summons left at his known Lodging, appear on Monday Morning, upon Pain of the Displeasure of the House.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the remaining Part of the Evidence of Sir Charles as to Undfey

Level} and the Report of the Committee to which the Bill was committed; be afterwards heard Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Lord Bruce do carry up the Bill to the Lords, for distributing the Sixty thousand Pounds amongst the loyal Officers with the Amendment of this House to the Lords Amendments; and desire their Concurrence.

Sabbatiy 10° Maii>

Prayers.

A Bill for better Observing of the Lord's Day was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved)That the said Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir Fra. Goodrich, Sir Lane. , Sir John

Mr. George, Mr. Clifford, Sir Tho. , Sir John,

Mr. Rigby, Mr. Che/wyn, Colonel Edm. , Sir

Edm. Pye, Mr. Pryn, Sir Solomon , Mr. Culleford, Colonel Reymes, Sir John Shaw*Mr. Collins, Dr. Bur-

well, Mr. Bofcowen, Sir Hen. , Sir Anth. Irby, Sir

‘Tho. Allen, Mr. Edw. Smith, Mr. Hen. Mr.

Sandys, Dr. Birkinhead, Sir Cha. Harbord, Mr. Churchill, Sir Bainham Throckmorton, Mr. Mr. Knight, Co-

lonel Robinson, Mr. Bunkley, Sir Jeoffrey Shackerley, Colonel Hollis, Colonel Fra. Windham, Sir John Rouse, Sir

Matthew Appleyard, Mr. Kent, Mr. Garway, Sir Edm. Peirfe, Sir Edw. Maffey: And all the Members of this House, that come to the said Committee, are to have Voices thereat: And they are to meet, in the Speaker's Chamber, on Monday next, at Seven of the Clock in the Morning: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, That the House do fit this Afternoon at Three of the Clock-, to hear the Report from the Committee of the King's Customs, touching the Officers Fees; and next, the Amendments to the Bill for regulating the Clothing of the West-Riding of Yorkshire; and also the Amendments to the Bill for regulating the Making of Norwich Stuffs.

The ingrossed Bill, for Naturalizing of Marke Le , and others, was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, That the said Bill do pals: And that the Title shall be. An Act

And the Lord Gorge is to carry up this Bill, and other the Bills that are ready, to the Lords.

Ordered, That Leave be given for the bringing in a Bill for reviving the Algiers Duty, for the Redemption of such as are Captives in Algiers and Tunis.

Ordered, That Mr. Winston Churchill do go up to the Lords, and desire a Conference upon the Bill for ordering the Forces in the several Counties of this Kingdom, with the Alterations and Amendments made by this House to the Amendments sent from the Lords.

The House then resumed the further Hearing of the Matter, as to Lindsey Level, in the Fens, between Sir William Killigrew, and others the Undertakers, and

Sir Charles Huffy.

And the Counsel on both Sides being called in to the Bar of the House; a Copy of a pretended Verdict of Sewers, in 50 Carch I. ., and several Deeds* were read; and the Counsel, on both Sides, at large* heard.

Mr. Secretary Morile acquaints the House, from his Majesty, That, next to the Bill for settling the Forces of the Kingdom, his Majesty held, that the Bill, now depending, for regulating the Press, and to prevent the-Printing of libellous and seditious Books, did most conduce to the securing the Peace of the Kingdom j the exorbitant Liberty of the Press having been it great Occasion of the late Rebellion ift the Kingdom, and Schisms in the Church: And therefore his Majesty did recommend it to' the House, to take it especially into their Cate; and to give a speedy Dispatch to that Bill.

Ordered, That the Committee, to which the Bill for regulating the Press, and preventing the Printing of factious and schismatical Books and Pamphlets was committed, do take care to give a speedy Dispatch to that Bill and make their Report thereof; and, for that Purpose, to fit de die in diem, till they have finished it.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Thomas Bennett and Sir Wm. Child-,

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a present Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, concerning the Bill for Confirmation of the Earl of s and the Lord Deleimere's Acts of the last Convention, with the

Addition in Parchment, and Amendments, sent from this House.

The Messengers being withdrawn j

Resolved, That this House doth agree to a present Conference with the Lords, upon the Bill for confirming Two Acts of the last Convention, concerning the Earl of Winchelsea, and the Lord Delatner And that Mr. Treasurer, Mr. John Ashbumham, Sir Thomas Meres, Mr; Heath, and Mr. Coventry* do manage the Conference.

The Messengers being called in;

Mr. Speaker did acquaint them, That the House had agreed to a present Conference.

Sir Tho. Meres reports, from the Conference, That the Lords did dissent from this House, as to the Addition sent up in Parchment, and Amendments relating the reto* to the Bill for confirming Two Acts of the last Convention, touching the Lord Winchelsea, and Lord Delamore: And that the Reason of their not assenting was, because that Act (which, by the Amendment, is to be inserted in the Bill, to be confirmed) is for the NVuralizing of many particular Persons, to a considerable Number; and that the Confederation thereof was like to take up some Debate } which the Time, by reason of the Necessity of the Dispatch of the publick Business, would not permit and, if it should be taken into Confederation, might obstruct the Passeng of the Bill: And that therefore the Lords desired the Concurrence of this House, to the Bill sent down, without the Parchment, Addition, and Amendments.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Lords to the Bill, as it was sent down, without the said Addition in Parchment, and Amendments: And that the Bill be returned back to the Lords.

The House taking into Confederation some Expressions, which one Mr. King, who appeared at the Bar of the House this Day, as Counsel in the Cause concerning Lindsey Level, did, in the Managing of the Evidence, let fall which did seem to lay some Scandal and Imputation upon the late Earl of Lindsey, and the Lord Keeper Coventry, both Lords in high Place and Esteem, and of great Honour and Integrity;

The House being very tender of any Thing, that should in the least seem to intrench upon the Memory of Persons of so high Honour and Esteem, and unstained Reputation } and finding no Ground for any such Reflection;

jP Ordered,

Journals of the House of Commons. i66z:

Ordered, That Mr. King be called in to the Bar of this

House, to answer this Miscarriage in this Particular.

And the said Mr. King being accordingly brought in to the Bar of the House;

And Mr. Speaker declaring unto him. That the House had taken Notice of some Expressions of his, which might seem to lay a Blemish on the late Earl of and the Lord Keeper Coventry, Persons of great Honour and Integrity i and that the House did resent it in a high Measure,

The laid Mr. King thereupon declaring. That he had no Intention, in the least, to intrench upon the Honour or Memory of those noble Persons; and that, if any Ex-prefiions fell from him, which might tend thereto, it was by Millake; and craving the Pardon of the Ploufe , thereupon the said Mr. King was dismissed.

Ordered, That the Matter concerning Bedford Level be taken into Consideration on Monday Morning.

Resolved, That the House will proceed in the Cause concerning Lindsey Level on Monday next in the Afternoon.

And then the House adjourned till Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Post Merid.

"nEfolved, That a Report of IVfrs. s Bill be made

*' on Tuesday Morning.'

Resolved, That the Witnesses touching the Election for Newport be examined de bene efe, at the next Sitting of tire Committee for Privileges and Elections.

1

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have returned you the Bill for Distribution of the- Sixty thousand Pounds among!! the loyal Commission-Officers. And we are commanded to acquaint you with an Order, in Writing.

Which Order is as follows :*'*.

Ordered, That the Lord B, Sir ctho. Meresy Serjeant Charlton, Mr. Churchill, Mr. , Sir Rich. Tem-

ple, Mr. Attorney of the Duchy, Sir Lewis, Sir Tho. Strickland, and ‘Mr. Pryn, or any Three of them, do prepare and bring in, on Monday Morning, Realbns for the Alterations to the Lords Amendments to the Bill for distributing the Sixty thousand Pounds among!! the loyal Commission-Officers.

Mr. Clifford reported, from the Committee, to whom the Bill for preventing Frauds and Abuses to his Majesty, in relation to the Customs, yvas formerly committed j and who were to examine and consider of Proposal* for a Table of Fees between the Merchants and Officers; an Establishment of the Fees and Allowances to the Officers of his Majesty's 'Customs and Subsidies: With a. Desire from the said Committee, That the same might be approved of by the House, and ligned by Mr. Speaker, according to the Clause in the Act, intituled, A Subsidy granted to the King, of Tonage and Poundage,

Upon the Debate whereof;

Resolved, upon the Question, That the feme Committee do extract, out of the Table now brought in, such Fees and Allowances to the Officers of his Majesty's Customs, and Subsidies, as have been added since the Establishment 40 Jacobi: To which Purpose they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternqon, in the Place formerly appointed; and to make Report thereof on Tuesday Morning next: At which time this House will resume the Debate.

An additional Bill for regulating of Corporations was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed to Serjeant Charlton, Sir Fra. Goodrich, Sir Wm. Fleetwood, Sir Wm. Compton, Mr. Treasurer, Lord , Colonel Lord Brereton, Mr. Attorney of the Duchy, , Mr.

Mr. Milward, Mr. Clifford, Mr. Mr.

ventry, Mr. Winston Churchill, Mr. Steward, Sir Lancelot Lake, Mr. Culleford, Mr. FaMr. Andrew

Mr. Reymes, Mr. Lovelace, Mr. Scawen, Sir John bun-

combe, Sir Cha. Harbord, Mr. Seymour, Sir Huffey, Sir Bain. Throckmorton, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Jones, Sir Phil. Warwick, Sir James Smith, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Tho. Gower, Mr. Lewis Palmer, Sir Wm. Haward, Sir Tho. Meres, Colonel Edm. Windham, Sir Rob. Cordell, Sir Nich.

Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Chowne, Mr. Wm. Coventry, Sir Rich. Temple, Sir Edm. Sir Rich.

Ford, Sir John Talbot, Sir Tho. , Dr.

head, Colonel Kirkby, Mr. Collins, Sir Clifford Mr. Prideaux, Mr. Bulteele, Sir Brampston, Sir Tho. Strickland, Colonel Fra. Windham, Sir John Coriton, Sir Hen. Capell, Sir John Robinson, Dr. Burwell, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Smith, Mr. Poulet, Mr. WaSir Edw. Mofe-

ley: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Seven of the Clock,. in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and to make Report thereof when the House is full.

The Question being put. That all that come to the said Committee are to have Voices thereat;

It passed in the Negative.

Mr, Churchill reports. That the Lords had yielded to a present Conference, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Bill for the Militia.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said Conference: And those who were to consider of, and bring in Amendments to the Lords Provisoes, are to manage, the Conference.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Child and Sir Nathaniel Hobart -, "

l

Ordered, That the Amendments to the Bill for regulating of Clothing, in the West-Riding of Yorkshire, be taken into Debate on Monday Morning, before the Bufi-nels for Bedford Level be entered upon.

Luna, 12 'Mail) 140 Car.

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill, for encouraging and regulating the Trade of Handicraft Skinners, was read the Third time; and laid aside.

Upon Information, That, it being recommended, by Orders of this House, to the Lord High Treasurer, to consider of the Claim of Sir John Wintour to the Forest of Lean and also by what means the King's Revenue in the said Forest might be advanced, and the Timber and Wood be preserved and increased; his Lordship had returned his Report, in Writing, to the House; and that there had a Commission of Survey since issued by his Lordship's Directions , and that the feme was executed, and returned; and the Return did now rest in his Lordship's Hands;

Ordered, That Mr. Mount ague, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Hungerford, and Mr. Bunkley, do attend the Lord High Treasurer; and desire his Lordship, that he would be pleased to give Direction for the bringing in, and leave-ing, the Return of the said Commission of Survey concerning the Forest of Deane, with the Clerk of this House, that the same may be taken into further Consideration.

Ordered, That the Lord Bruce do desire a Conference with the Lords, upon the Bill for distributing the Sixty thousand Pounds among!! the loyal Commission-Officers; and the Amendments thereupon.

The Lord Bruce reports. That the Lords had agreed to a present.Conference, upon the Bill for distributing the Sixty thousand Pounds among!! the loyal Commission-Officers.

The

an

427

The Reasons, to be ittfifted on by those that were appointed to manage the Conference, being opened by Sir 5Thomas Meres, were, with Ibrne Alterations, allowed by

this House.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Strickland be added to those

Formerly appointed to manage the Conference.

The Question being put, To go on with the Report concerning Bedford Level;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Sir George Ryve reports, from the Committee to which the rest of the Additions, formerly reported to be added to the Bill Concerning Bedford Level, were re-committed by Order of the Twenty-ninth of April last, upon the former Votes, and the then Debate; That the Committee had agreed upon new Addition0, in relation to , and the Judicature to be made instead of the former Additions: Which he opened at the Bar; and then delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where they were read the First time.

The Preamble to the said Additions was read the Second time.

A temporary Bill, as to Bedford Level, being tendered; '

The Question being put, That the Bill be read;

The House was divided.

The Noes went out.

Lord Gorge, f Tellers for the Yeas: 7 ,

Mr. Spencer, \ With the Yeas, 3

Mr. Williams, f Tellers for the Noes: 7

Sir Tho. Littleton, \ With the Noes, 3 113*

And so it palfed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the ingrossfed Bills now depending, and such Amendments to Bills as were returned from the Lords, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Philip Howard, a Member of this House, being this Day present in the House, according to the Order of this House in that Behalf;

The House taking into Debate the Matter of Difference between the Lord OJfory, and the said Mr. Howard;

Mr. Howard, in Obedience to the Commands of the

House, having engaged, That he will attend the King's Majesty; and submit to this Order, as to the Difference between the Lord OJfory and him; and, in the mean time, will not prosecute the old, or begin any newDifference;

Ordered, That Sir John Talbot do go to the Lord fory, and rake his Engagement, that he will attend the King's Majesty, and submit himself to His Order, as to the Difference between him and Mr. Philip Howard; and, in the mean time, will not prosecute the old, or begin any new Difference with him: And, upon such Engagement given, the Restraint upon the Lord OJfory to be taken off.

Resolved', That the Thanks of this House be returned to his Majesty, for his Care, in endeavouring to prevent the Mischief which might have happened, upon the Difference between the Lord OJfory and Mr. Philip Howard: And that his Majesty be humbly desired, That he would be pleased to take the Trouble to call both Parties before him; and compose, and put an End to the Difference between them.

And Sir William Compton is to attend his Majesty; and present unto him the Address and Desires of this House.

Ordered, That these Persons following, viz. Mr. Rigby, Mr. Stanley, Sir Jordan Dr. , Sir

John Talbot, Sir Tho. GowerSir Clem. , and Mr.

Puckering, be added to the Committee, to which the Bill for better Observing the Lord's Day was committed.

And then the House adjourned till Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Poji Meridian,

SIR Thomas Meres reports, from the Committee to whom the Bill for Lindsey Level , was committed, several Amendments to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered ip, with the Bill, at the Clerk's Table.

And the House then resumed the Debate of Sir Charles Hujfey's Cafe, as to his Interest in the said Lindsey Level.

Alter much Debate whereof; and reading of several Decrees of the Commissioners of Sewers made, touchings the said Level;

Resolved, upon the Question, That this House will proceed upon the Bill for Lindsey Level, and the Report, made hereupon.

Ordered, That this House will take the same into Debate Tomorrow in the Afternoon, if the Time will permit; or otherwise on Wednesday Morning.

The Earl of OJfory gave his Engagement to this House, upon his Honour, That he will not do any thing in Prosecution of the former Difference, nor engage in any new Quarrel with Mr. Philip Ho; but will attend his Majesty, and submit unto his Majesty's Judgment.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning at Eight of the Clock.

Mart is 130 Mali, 1 if Car.

Prayers.

Q Rdered, That the Cause concerning Hatfield Level be-heard, at the Bar of this House, the first Monday of the Meeting of the House after the next Recess: And all Parties concerned to have Notice, that they may attend.

Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill for regulating the Trade of Clothing in the West-Riding of Yorkshire, were twice read; and, upon the Second Reading, upon the Question, severally agreed to; and afterwards read the Third time.

Resolved, That the said Amendments, agreed to, be in-grofied, and made Part of the Bill.

And that the Bill, so amended, be returned to the Lords.

Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill for regulating the making of Stuffs in Norfolke and,

were twice read.

And the Additions, which, by way of Amendment, are to be added, instead of the Clauses to be left out, between the First and Eighth Skins, were read twice; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

And the said Amendments, by way of Addition, and the other Amendments, being read the Third time;

The Question being put, Whether there shall be any Saving added to the Amendments sent from the Lords;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Sir John Holland, f Tellers for the Noes: 7

Sir Hen\ Herbert, \ With the Noes, $ *4'

Sir Rob. Howard, f Teliers for the Yeas I-)

Nix. Lovelace, \ With the Yeas, 3

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put, Whether these Words, " if ahy such be due," shall be Part of the Addition;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, upon the Question, That, after the Words " Wardens of the said Trade," in the Ninth Line of the Third Page of the Additions, the Saving following be added; viz.

" Saving to the King's Majesty, his Heirs, Successors,-all such Right of Customs, Subsidies, and Aulnage, of

Norfolke

Norfolke and Norwich Stuffs or Worsteds, or any of them, as he might lawfully have claimed before the Making of this Act."

Resolved, That a Conference be desired to be had with the Lords, upon the Saving, on the Behalf of his Majesty, to be added to the Amendments in Paper, sent from the Lords: And that Mr. Coventry do go up to the Lords, to desire the Conference.

Resolved, That, with this Saving, on the Behalf of his Majesty, the Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill concerning Norwich Stuffs, be agreed to.

The ingrafted Bill, for providing Carriage by Land and by Water, for the Use of his Majesty's Navy and Ordnance, was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Penalty of Five Pounds, as to the Officers, be made Ten Pounds.

Which was done accordingly.

A Proviso, tendered on the Behalf of the Inhabitants Of New For eft, was twice read.

The Question being put. To omit the Words " or from;"

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the same was done accordingly.

Resolved, That the Words " Six Pence" be made " Four Pence."

Which was done accordingly.

Resolved, That the Proviso, so amended, be agreed to; and made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be, An Act for providing Carriage by Water, for the Use of his Majesty's Navy and Ordnance.

Ordered, That Mr. Coventry do carry up this Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto-, and also to put them in mind of the Bill concerning Sheriffs, and the Bill for the Highways; and desire them to give Dispatch to those Bills.

And then the House adjourned dll Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Post Merid.

WITereas Mr. Crouch, one of the Members of this House, did acquaint this House, That, in pursuance of their Order, they had received from Mr. Nye divers Presentations, Books of Institutions, and other Records and Writings, concerning Ecclesiastical Livings; and now desired the Dirtftions of this House* how he should dispose thereof;

Ordered, That Mr. Crouch do deliver all the Prefen-tatioas. Books of Institutions, and other Records and Writings, concerning Ecclesiastical Livings, which, by Order of this House, he received from Mr. Nye, into the Hands of the Most Reverend Father in God the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury: Wrho is desired to take care, that the same may be preserved in Perpetuity, for publick Use.

Ordered, That Mr. Michael Mallett, and Mr. Ay-loffe, do deliver all such Surveys, and other Records and Writings, concerning the Archbishopricks, Bishopricks, and Deans and Chapters, which are in their Hands, unto the Most Reverend Father in God the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury: Who is desired to take care for the Preservation thereof; and to dispose of the same to the respective Bishops, Deans, and Chapters, who are therein concerned, if he shall think fit.

Ordered, That these Votes be printed and published, that all Persons concerned may take notice thereof.

Ordered, That the Committee, appointed to prepare Reasons for disagreeing to the Amendments to the Bill for confirming Three Acts, do make their Repot Tomorrow Morning; with their Opinion, what they think fit to be done upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Amendments to the Bill for Advowsons be read, in the first Place, Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Lady Wands Bill be proceeded in on 'Thursday Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Clifford do make Report, concerning the Fees due to the Officers of his Majesty's Customs and Subsidies, Tomorrow in the Afternoon, the first Business.

Ordered, That the Amendments to the Bill for bringing Persons to Accompt be read Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Coventry reports. That he had attended the Lords, and delivered the Bill for his Majesty's Carriage; and had desired a Conference upon the Amendments to the Bill for Norwich Stuffs; concerning which the Ixirds declared, That they would lend an Answer by Messengers of their own.

The House then resumed the Debate of the Bill for the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level.

And that Part of the Amendment, relating to the Judicatory between the Participants, being read the Second time;

The Question being put. That it be provided by the Bill, That Mr. Chichley be continued in the Possession of all his Part or Proportion of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, subject to Ijuch Judicature as by the Bill shall be appointed;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And then the House proceeded to read the Amendment relating to the Judicatory, by Paragraphs.

And the First Paragraph being read;

Resolved, upon the Question, That this House doth agree to the said Paragraph.

The Second Paragraph was read.

And the Question being put, That this House doth agree to the said Paragraph;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Third Paragraph was read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Fourth Paragraph, being the Preamble to the Judicature, was read.

And then the enacting Part, as to the Judicature, was allb read.

Upon the Debate whereof;

Resolved, That Sir ‘Thomas Littleton, Serjeant,

Mr. Attorney of the Duchy, Mr. Steward, Mr. , Sir Rob. Howard, Sir Edmund Pooley, and Sir Richard Onslow, or any Three of them, do consider of the Powers of the said Judicature; and do enlarge the same according to the present Debate: To which Purpose they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Seven of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 140 Mat/, 140

Prayers.

SI R Philip Warwick reports, from the Committee, to which the Bill concerning the Sowing of F lax and Hemp was committed. That the Committee saw no Cause to make any other Amendment to the Bill, but only to omit a Clause in the Third Page; and, instead thereof, to insert a Proviso concerning Tythes.

The Proviso was twice read.

Resolved, That these Words, " after the Rate of One Shilling by the Acre, and no more, for so much as by this Act is injoined to be sowed," be added in the Proviso, after the Word " charged," in the Sixth Line of the Proviso, instead of the Words following in the Proviso.

And

67.

84.

And the Words being added;

Resolved, That the Proviso, so amended, be agreed to.

The Question being put. To have the Question put. That the Act shall continue in Force for Twenty-one Years; and from thence to the End of the First Session of the then next Parliament;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the main Question being put. That the Act shall continue in Force for Twenty-one Years; and from thence to the End of the First Session of the then next Parliament

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Sir tho. Gower, f Tellers for the Yeas

Mr. Newton, \ With the Yeas,

Mr. IVhorwood, f Tellers for the Noes:

Colonel Kirkby, \ With the Noes,

And so it paCTed in the Negative.

Resolved, upon the Question, That this Clause following be added to the Bill; viz.

" Provided that this Act, and the Powers therein contained, shall continue and be in Force for the Space of Seven Years; and from thence to the End of the First Session of the next Parliament, after the said Seven Years; and no longer."

The Question being put, That the Bill be re-committed, upon the present Debate;

It was resolved in the Affirmative. r

Ordered, That the Committee do meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber, at Two of the Clock: And Mr. Bunkley, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Mountague, Mr. and Mr. Daniell, are added to the Committee: And all the Members of this House, that come to the said Committee, are to have Voices thereat: And they are to make their Report Tomorrow Morning.

And it is referred to Mr. to take care of this

Business.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Child and Sir Moundeford Brampfton;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint you. That they have agreed to a present Conference with this House in the Painted Chamber, upon the Bill concerning Norwich Stuffs.

Ordered, That Mr. Sollicitor-General, Sir John Holland, Serjeant Charlton, the Lord Richardson, Mr. Bryn, and Mr. Vaughan, do manage the Conference with the Lords, upon the Bill concerning Norwich Stuffs.

Resolved, That the House do proceed in the Cause concerning Lindsey Level Tomorrow Morning, the first Business.

The Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill for restoring Advowfbns, Impropriations, and Vicarages, to the loyal Party , and a Proviso to be added to the Bill; were read the First time.

The Amendments, being read the Second time, were, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

The Proviso was also read the Second time *,

The Question being put. To agree to the said Proviso;

It paired in the Negative.

Upon Information of a Difference that happened this Morning between Sir William Colonel

and the Lord Gorge; and a Mischief like to ensue;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do seize the said Persons; and detain them in Custody, till further Order.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Child and Sir Nathaniel Hobart;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords do desire a present free Conference, upon the Subject-Matter of the last Conference, upon the Bill for the Militia.

The Messengers being withdrawn;

And the House having agreed to a present free Conference;

The Messengers were again called in: And Mr. Speaker acquainted them. That the House had agreed to a present fret Conference.

Ordered, That Sir Richard 'Temple, Mr. Vaughan, and

Mr. Swinfen-, be added to the Committee formerly appointed to manage the Conference.

Sir William tirringham, being in the Speaker's Chamber; and, upon Notice from the Serjeant at Arms, appearing in the House, did* at the Command of the House* give his Engagement to keep the Peace, and not to give any Provocation to the Lord Gorge.

Ordered, That Mr. Knight have the Leave of this House to go into the Country:

Ordered, That those which managed the Conference do make their Report from the Conference Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Mom- ing. Eight of the Clock.

Jovisy 150 Maii 140 Car.

Prayers.

MR. Secretary Moricebrings a Message from his Majesty in Writing: Which he delivered to Mr. Speaker: And it was read by Mr. Speaker; and was as follows:

'hPrf/,

/T'HOUGH His Majesty resolved to begin His jfour*

ney tovrard&Portsmouth on Friday next; yet, hoping that the publick Bills may, in a short Time, be ready for His Royal Assent, His Majesty is resolved to defer his Journey till Monday Morning: And, in the mean time, desires both Houses of Parliament to prepare and finish the publick Bills now. before them: And, particularly, He doth earnestly recommend to them the Dispatch of the Bills for the Militia; for the Highways; Poor; and Printing: And, that the Nation may not suffer under the Reproach and Infamy of the Miscarriage in so glorious a Work as the Draining of the Fens (since there is not time for the passing a Bill that may provide for the several Interests) His Majesty doth earnestly recommend to them the passing such a temporary Bill, for Preservation of those Works, as hath already passed, and is now expired: And" when the Parliament meets again, all particular Rights may be provided for: And His Majesty will be at the House on Monday next, to conclude this Session.

Given at Our Court at Whiteh, the Fifteenth Day of May, in the Fourteenth Year of Our Reign.

The Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill concerning the Poor, were read the First time.

And the several Amendments to the Amendment in the Thirty-third Line of the First Skin were read the Second time; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

The Amendment to the Thirty-third Line was read die Second time.

The Question being put. To adhere to the Bill as to That Particular;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Amendment to the Thirty-fifth Line #as fead the' Second time; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Amendment to the Forty-first Line, being, after the Word " Justices," to read the Proviso marked N31;

The Proviso was Three times read; and, - upon the Question, agreed to.

The Amendment to the Fifty-third Line was read the Second time; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

5 CL The

Googh

The Amendment to the Fifth Line of the Second Skin was read the Second time.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Amendment be postponed.

The Amendments were again read over, with the Coherence.

The First Paragraph of the Amendment to the Fifth Line of the Second Skin was read again.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Lords as to the leaving out the Clause for Power to imprison.

Resolved, As to the other Clause of the Paragraph, the House doth adhere to the Bill.

The next Paragraph to be left out being read;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Lords, as to the leaving out that Paragraph.

The next Paragraph, as to the Receiving of an Inmate, tfas read.

' Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Lords,

as to the leaving out That Paragraph.

The next Paragraph, as to the Workhouses, was read the Second, and Third time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Lords, as to the leaving out That Paragraph.

Resolved, That the humble Thanks of this House be returned to the King's Majesty by Mr. Secretary for his Majesty's Care in preserving the Peace and Privilege of this House.

Ordered, That the Lord Gorg, Sir William,

Colonel Sandys, and Mr. Chicble do wait on his Majesty at such Time as he shall please to appoint; to give him Satisfaction touching the Difference that has lately happened between them.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Child and Sir Mound ford firampston;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a present free Conference in the Painted Chamber; with the Members of this House, upon the Subject-Matter of the last Conference, upon the Bill for distributing the Sixty thousand Pounds amongst the loyal Commission-Officers.

The Messengers being withdrawn;

The House agreed to a present free Conference.

And the Messengers being called in; Mr. Speaker acquainted them, That the House had agreed to a present free Conference, in the Painted Chamber, with the Lords, upon the Subject-Matter of the last Conference, upon the Bill for distributing the Sixty thousand Pounds amongst the loyal Commission-Officers.

Another Message from the Lords, by Sir Moundiford Brampjton and Sir ‘Toby Woolr'tch;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have returned you Two Bills,

* , with feme Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And have also commanded us to let you know. That they have appointed to fit this Afternoon; and desire you to do the like.

And then the House adjourned till this Afternoon, Three of the Clock.

PoftMeridiem.

THE House then proceeded to the Reading of the rest of the Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill concerning the Poor.

The Amendment to the Seventeenth Line of the Third Skin was read the Second time; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The rest of the Amendments to the Amendment to the Third Line of the Fourth Skin were read the Second time; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Amendment to the Thirty-sixth Line of the Fourth Skin was read the Second time.

Resolved., That, as to this Amendment, the House doth adhere to the Bill.

The Amendment to the Thirty-eighth Line was read the Second time; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Amendment to the Forty-second ... being read; and the same being, instead of " Burgesses," to read " Justices of the Peace in their Quarter Sessions

Revived, That this House, as to the Word " Burgesses," doth adhere to the Bill.

Resolved, That the House doth agree to insert the Words " Justices of Peace in their Quarter-Sessions," with the Word " and " before " Justice and adding these Words, after the Word " Peace," " of the City of Westminster, and Liberties thereof."

The rest of the Amendments to the Amendment in the Seventh Line of the Fifth Skin were read the Second time; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

That Amendment being read; the same Alteration, of adhering to " Burgesses," and adding the Word " and " before " Justices ;" and these Words, " of the City of

Westminster, and Liberties thereof," after the Word " Peace;" was agreed to be made in the First Line.

And the rest of the Amendment, with that Alteration, was agreed to.

The Two next Amendments were read the Second time; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

The Amendment to the Three-and-twentiethLine of the Fifth Skin was read the Second time; and, with the same Alteration as in the Seventh Line of the same Skin, agreed to.

The rest of the Amendments to the Two-and-twentieth Line of the Ninth Skin were read, and agreed to.,

The laid Amendment to the Two-and-twentieth Line was read the Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth adhere to the Bill as to the Word "Lands;" and agree to the Word "Inhabitants," with the Word " and " inserted between them.

The next Amendment to the Twenty-seventh Line was read; the same being, after the Word " shall be," to leave out the Words in the Bill to the Forty-eighth Line.

The First Clause, as to the Justices of the Peace in the Country, was read.

Resolved', That this House, as to the Amendment for leaving out That Clause, doth agree with the Lords.

The next Clause, as to the Punishments, and Provisions, and Powers, in relation to Ballard Children, was read the Third time.

Resolved, Thar, as toThis Clause, the House doth adhere to the Bill.

The next Amendment to the Fifty-second Line being, to leave out the rest of the Bill, and add the Proviso marked N° 2d;

The First Clause, as to the Reading the Ad in Churches, was read.

Resolved, That this Hpufe doth agree with the Lords to leave out That Clause.

The next Clause, concerning the Northern Counties, was read.

Resolved, That, as to That, the House doth adhere to the Bill, to have the Clause Hand.

The next Clause concerning Chrifi's-Hospital was read.

Resolved, That this House doth adhere to the Bill, as to this Proviso, to have it Hand.

The Proviso to be added was read twice.

The First Clause, as to the transporting Rogues, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That, after the Word " that," at the End of the First Line, these Words, " it shall and may be lawful for," be added; and after " Sessions," in the Third Line of the Proviso, thqfe Words be inserted, "assembled, or the major Part of them, to transport, or cause to be transported, such Rogues, Vagabonds, and Sturdy Beggars, as shall be duly convicted, and adjudged to be incorrigible, to any of the English Plantations beyond the Seas ;" and to leave out the rest of the Clause.

Tiie next Paragraph, as to the Judges Power to transport Felons, fsV. was read.

The Question being put. To add the Words " or Justices of Gaol Delivery," to be Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

2 The

14 Car. II. Journals of the House of Commons. 431

The Question being put* To agree to the Proviso;

The House was divided.

38.

6?.

The Yeas went out.

Mr. Clifford, f Tellers for the Yeas:

Colonel Progers, \ With the Yeas,

Sir Edw. Mojley, f Tellers for the Noes:

Sir Tho. Meres, £ With the Noes,

So it passed in the Negative.

The next Proviso, as to the Dean of was

read: And, being put to the Question, passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Mr. Pryn, Mr. Sir Richard

\temple, S\r Tho. Meres, Sir Wm. SerjeantRainsford,

Mr. Attorney of the Duchy, Sir Rich. Onslow, and Serjeant Maynard, do peruse the Bill and Amendments; and fee they do cohere; and instruct themselves with Reasons, against the Conference.

The Amendment to the Thirtieth Line of the Fourth Skin was twTce read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Amendment to the Forty-eighth Line of the Sixth Skin was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The last Expedient, lent frorft the Lords, being to make some Alteration in their own Proviso, and to omit the other Two Provisoes, was twice read.

Resolved, &c. That it be referred to Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Sollicitor-General, Sir Thoma Serjeant Charlton, Sir Rob.Atkyns, Colonel Fretcbvile, Sir Tho. Gower,

Mr. Pryn, Sir Tho. Strickland, Sir Charles Mr.

Clifford, and Sir Philip Warwick, or any Three of them, to prepare and bring in an Expedient, against the Afternoon, upon th* present Debate which did arise upon the Expedient, sent from the Lords, by way of Alteration to their own Proviso to the Bill for ordering the Forces of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Temple, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Vaughan, Sir John Talbot, Serjeant Maynard, and Mr. Sollicitor-General, or any Three of them, do withdraw, and bring in an Expedient, in relation to the Right of those that claims as Heirs to Sir Richard Lufon; and of others in like Cafe.

Verier is, \6° Maii> itff Car.

Prayers.

AMendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill touching Collectors, were twice read; and agreed; and read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill be amended accordingly; and carried up to the Lords. v

Ordered, That these Persons following be added to the Committee, to which the Bill for regulating the Press is committed; viz. Sir Robert Atkyns, Sir Hen. Puckering.

Serjeant Charlton reports several Amendments, from the

Conference had with- the Lords, upon the Bill for the Militia.

The First Amendments being to the Thirtieth and Thirty-feeond Lines of the First Skin were twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

Resolved, That, the Word " formerly" being omitted, these Words be added as an Expedient to the Amendment in the Forty-fifth Line of the Second Skin, after " shall be reimbursed the said Month's Pay; and so from time to time the Month's Pay by him or them last before."

The next Amendment to the Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth Line of the Third Skin, being, that the Lords do adhere to the Power of the finding Persons charged, &c. should be in the Lieutenant alone -, was twice read.

The Question being put, To agree with the Lords;

It passed in the Negative.

The next Amendment to the Fifty-second Line, being, to agree to the Amendment made by this House, upon Condition to add some Words to the Tenth Line of the Amendment of this House; viz. after the Word " or," other Direction from his Majesty, and either Way," was twice read.

The Question being put. To agree to the adding the Words other Direction from his Majesty It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put, To agree to the Words " and either Way;"

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being pur. To put in the Word " or," instead Of " and either Way ;"

It was resolved in the Affirmative. —

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Wm. Child and Sir Thomas Eft court;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have returned you Two Bills; with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. —

And then the House adjourned till this Afternoon, Two of the Clock.

Poji Meridiem.

THE Amendments, sent from the Londs, to the Bill concerning Sheriffs, were read the First time. The First Amendment, being to the Forty-seventh Line of the First Skin, was read the Second time; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Second Amendment, being, to add the Proviso, was read the Second time.

And the Proviso being twice read;

An additional Clause on the Behalf of the King's Remembrancer of the Exchequer, was tendered to be added after the Word * Exchequer," in the Lords Proviso: Which was twice read.

Resolved, &c. That the First Paragraph of the Proviso, ending with the Word ‘‘ Exchequer," be agreed to.

Resolved, That the additional Clause, as to his Majesty's Remembrancer, be agreed to be inserted after the Word " Exchequer."

The last Paragraph* as to the Time of the Continuance of the Act, was read the Third time.

Resolved, &c. That the Continuance shall be to the End of the First Session of the next Parliament, instead of " to the End of the nOxt Session of this Parliament."

Resolved, That Sir John Thincomb do desire a Conference with the Lords, upon the Bill for Sheriffs; and the Amendments made by this House to the Lords Amendments.

Sir Heneage Finch, his Majesty's Sollicitor-General, re-

ports, from the Committee, which were appointed to prepare and bring in an Expedient to the Proviso, sent from the Lords, by way of Expedient, as to assessing the Lords upon the Bill for Militia: Which being in Writing, was twice read.

Resolved, &c. That the Word " Lord " be inserted before the Word " Chancellor."

Resolved, That these Words, " not relating to the Monthly Tax," be inserted into the Expedient.

Resolved, That the Words " Rules and " be infected before the Word " Proportions."

Resolved, That the Words " some of them " be inserted.

Which were all inserted accordingly.

Resolved, That the said Expedient, so amended, be agreed tq.

Ordered, That Colonel Fretcbvile do desire a present free Conference with the Lords, upon the Subject-Matter of the last free Conference upon the Bill for the Militia.

Ordered, That Colonel Fretcbvile be added to such as are appointed to manage the Conference to be had with the Lords, upon the several Bills of Militia; for the Poor; for :restoring Impropriations; for distributing Sixty thousand Pounds amongst the Cavaliers; and for Sheriffs.

Sir

Cl^r\cf\o

.. Sir 'Thomas Meres reports, from the Fre^ Conference Upon the Bill for distributing the Sixty thousand Pounds amongst the Cavaliers, That the Lords had agreed to the Amendments made by this House, only with the Addition of a Proviso.

Ordered, That the Report of the Fees of the Officers belonging to the Customs be made Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Amendments to the Bill for Highways be read Tomorrow Morning.

The Amendments to the Bill to prevent Theft in the Northern Borders of this Kingdom were twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Proviso, to be added by way of Amendment, was twice read.

The Question being put, To agree to That Proviso *,

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Colonel Fretcbvile do desire a Conference with the Lords upon the Bill, and Amendments thereto, for Prevention of Theft in the Northern Borders of this Kingdom.

The Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill concerning Accompts, not pardoned by the Act of Oblivion, were read the First time.

The First Amendment, being to the First Line, was read the Second time.

The Question being pur. To agree to That Amendment *,

It passed in the Negative.

The next Amendment, to the Seventeenth Line, was read the Second time , and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Amendments to the Twenty-second Line, Thirtieth, Thirty-second and Thirty-third Lines, were read the Second time , and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

The Amendment to the Thirty-fourth Line, concerning Sureties, was read the Second time.

The Question being put. To agree to That Amendment j

It passed in the Negative.

The rest of the Amendments were read the Second time; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

Ordered, That Colonel Fretcbvile do defxre a Conference with the Lords, upon this Bill, touching Accompts not pardoned.

The Proviso, font from the Lords, to the Bill for distributing the Sixty thousand Pounds amongst the Cavaliers, was twice read.

Resolved, That the same be committed to Lord Bruce, Lord Herbert, Sir Phil. War, Colonel , Sir

iThomas Meres, Mr. Pryn, Mr. , Dr. Birkin-

bead, or any Three of them.

A Petition of the Officers attending this House was read.

Ordered, That every Knight of the Shire, now present in Town, do give, amongst the Servants of the House of Commons, the Sum of Ten Shillings: And every Citizen, Burgess, or Baron, of any Cinque Port, now in Town, the Sum of Five Shillings: And, that every Knight, Citizen, Burgess, or Baron, of any Cinque Port, that is absent, do give double the Sums of Ten Shillings, and Five Shillings, respectively, amongst the said Servants: And that if any of the Members that are present do not pay in their Money before Tuesday Morning, such as do fail shall be taken as absent*, and pay double the Sums before-mentioned, respectively.

And the said Money is to be paid in to Mr. Sharpe, Deputy to the Clerk of this House , and is to be distributed amongst the Servants by Mr. Speaker.

Ordered, That the Committee, to which the Bill for

regulating the Press'waS committed, do fit this Evening: And the Members, to which the Bill for die publick Bills was formerly committed, are added to That Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbati, 170 Mail, 140 Car.

Prayers.

MR. Vaughan reports, from the Committee appointed to bring in an Expedient, as to Heirs of Sir Richard Lewfon, and others in the Cafe, to be added to

the Lords Amendments to the Bill for restoring Impro-. priations, That the Committee had agreed and drawn up an Expedient, in Writing: Which was twice read.

A Saving, in Writing, was tendered, in lieu of the Proviso, in these Words following,

" Saving to all Persons, other than the said Trustees, and their Heirs, and all claiming under them, such Right to the said Rectories and Premises, which accrued to them before the Nineteenth Day of May 1662."

Resolved, &c. That the said Saving be agreed to , and inferred into the Amendment sent from the Lords, to the Line of the Skin.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Child and Sir Nathaniel Hobart;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have returned you a Bill con*-cerning Wool and Wool-fells, with some Amendments; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House: And have also sent you down an Act for continuing the temporary Act touching the Fens *, to which they desire the Concurrence of this House: And do also desire a present free Conference with the Members of this House, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject-Matter of the last Conference upon the Bill of the Militia.

The Messengers being withdrawn , and the House having agreed to the Conference;

And the Messengers being again called in; Mr. Speaker did acquaint them, That the House had agreed to a present free Conference.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Howard, Sir Thomas Widdrington, and Mr. Pryn, be added to the Persons appointed to manage the Conference.

Amendments, font from the Lords, to the Bill against exporting of Leather and Raw Hides *, and the Proviso, in Parchment, to be added to the Bill; were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to *, and then read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Amendments, and Proviso, be in-grofled, and made Part of the Bill , and then the Bill be returned back to the Lords.

Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill concerning Wool and Wool-fells, were twice read j and, upon the Question, severally agreed to; and then read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Amendments be inserted, and made Part of the Bill: And that the Bill be returned to the Lords.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, against melting down the Coin of the Land, was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be agreed to; and sent back to the Lords.

Sir Heneage Finch reports, from the Committee appointed to manage the free Conference with the Lords, upon the Bill for the Militia, the several Particulars, wherein the Lords do agree or differ from this House:

Which,

Which, being in Writing, were opened by the Reporter *, and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

And the First Amendment, last delivered at the Conference by this House, was agreed.

The next Point, arising upon the Amendment made by the Lords to the Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth Lines of the Skin, which this House would not agree to, and the Lords do not agree to alter, was debated.

And the Question being put. To adhere to the Bill, as to this Point;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The next Point, as to the Fifth Line of the Fourth Skin, being read;

Resolved, That, as to this Particular, this House aoth agree with the Lords.

The next Point was, upon the Expedient, offered by the Lords to their former Provilb, and the Amendments made thereto by this House: To which the Lords had made some Alterations and Additions; and sent the same down fair written.

The Matter, which came into Debate thereupon, was, upon the Lords Dilfent from . Alteration, made by this House to the Seventh Line of the Lords Provilb, and expressed in the Eighth, Ninth, Tenth, and Eleventh Lines; as to the Manner of assessing the Peers.

The Question being put. To agree with the Lords;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Lord Ancram, J Tellers for the Yeas:

t With the Yeas, 5 91*

Colonel Fretcbvile,

Mr. Seymour, 5 Tellers for the Noes i ? c

Mr. Bofcowen, ' With the Noes, 9'

And so it was resolved in die Affirmative.

The rest of the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Expedient lent from this House, were twice read; and, upon the Question; severally agreed to.

Ordered, That Sir 'Thomas Littleton do go uj> to the Lords, and desire a free Conference with the Londs; upon the Subject-Matter of the last free Conference Upon the Amendments to the Bill of the Militia: And that he do carry up the Bills that are passed this House to the Lords.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Child and Sir Nathaniel Hobart;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have returned you an Answer, in Writing, to the Message from this House, for a Conference with the Lords upon several Bills: Which was, " That, though it be not usual to have a Conference upon the Amendments of more Bills than one, at once; yet, in regard of the Shortness of Time, the Lords do agree to a Conference, as is desired; and appoint it to be in the Painted Chamber, presently after the free Conference ended."

Ordered, That Mr. Sollicitor-General, Colonel vile, and Mr. Vaughan, do manage the Conference on

the Bill for restoring Impropriations.

Ordered, That Mr. Pryn, Sir Tho. , Mr. Rig-

by, Sir Francis Goodrich, Sir Richard , Mr. Mil-ward, Mr. Steward, and Sir John Holland, do manage the Conference on the Amendments to the Bill concerning the Poor.

Ordered, That Sir John Mr. Waller, and

Mr. Mount ague, do manage the Conference upon the Bill concerning Sheriffs.

Ordered, That Sir Philip Warwick, Sir William Compton, and Mr. Mountague, do. manage the Conference upon the Bill concerning Accompts, not pardoned.

Ordered, That Sir Tho. Widdrington, Sir Tho. Gower, and Mr. Musgrave, do manage the Conference upon the

Bill for preventing Thefts in the Northern Borders.

The House then resumed the Debate upon the Proviso, sent from the Lords, to the Bill, sent from this House, for distributing the Sixty thousand Pounds amongst the Cavaliers: Which Proviso was, in Effect, the same with That sent from the Lords, to the Bill of Militia; For the Lords being assessed by Peers: Which was twice read.

The Question being put, so agree to the Proviso;

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put. That the said Proviso be amended;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Meres, Sir Philip,

and Mr. Pryn, do withdraw, and amend the Proviso.

The Proviso, being amended, was twice read.

The Question being put, That the Proviso, so amended* be agreed to;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Lord Bruce do go up to the Lords, and" desire a free Conference upon the Bill and Proviso, so amended.

Mr. Sollicitor-General reports, from the free Conference touching the Militia, That the Lords had agreed with this House upon all the Particulars, as the same were sent up from this House, and delivered at the free Con ference.

Ordered, That an Entry be made in the Journal of this House, declaring, That this House, after many Conferences; did agree to the Proviso, sent from the Lords new-written, to the Bill of Militia, as an Expedient to the Proviso, sent from this House, touching the Lordfc being assessed by Peers: And that this House had conde-feended; not that they were in any Sort convinced of the Lords Right in this Particular, by the Reasons offered at the Conference; but rather compelled to yield, out of their Care of the publick Safety, and the present Necessity call upon them by the Shortness of the Session: And, to evidence. That the House had, in This Regard, yielded. The same Proviso, in Effect, being sent from the Lords to the Bill for distributing Sixty thousand Pounds amongst the loyal Party (which came next into Debate) was amended; and agreed to.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Child and Sir Toby Woolrich;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have agreed to a present free Conference, upon the Amendments to the Bill for distributing Sixty thousand Pounds: And also desire a present free Conference, upon the Amferidments to the Bill touching Accompts, not pardoned, in the Painted Chamber: The Messengers being withdrawn; and the House having agreed to the Conference;

The Messengers were again called in;

And Mr. Speaker acquainted them, That the House had agreed to a present free Conference, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Bill touching Accompts, not pardoned.

Ordered, That the Lord Bruce, Sir Thomas Meres, and Sir Robert Howard, do manage the Conference upon the Bill for distributing the Sixty thousand Pounds.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Chili and Sir Nathaniel Hobart;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint you. That they have agreed with you in the Amendments to the Bill for restoring Advowsons and Impropriations; the Bill concerning Sheriffs; the Bill for preventing Thefts in the Northern Borders; and the Bill for distributing Sixty thousand Pounds amongst the loyal Party.

The House then proceeded to the Reading of the Amendments to the Bill for Highways.

Which being read the First time;

The Amendments unto the Amendment in the Eighteenth Line of the Fourth Skin were read the Second time; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

The Amendment to the Fourth Skin, Eighteenth Line, was read the Second time.

The Question being put. To adhere to the Bill, as to That Particular;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

5 R

TOc

The left of the Amendments unto the Amendment in the Forty-first and Forty-second Line were read the Second time; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Amendment to the Forty-first: and Forty-fecood line being read the Second time;

Resolved, &c. That, as to This, the House doth adhere to the Bill.

The Amendments from thence to the Sixth Line, Fifth Skin, were read the Second time; and agreed to.

The Question being put. To adhere to the BiH, as to the Amendment in the Sixth line of the Fifth Skin j

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The several Provisoes, to be added to the Bill, were twice read.

The Question being severally put. To agree to the Proviso couching Warbam- Bridge % the Proviso touching

Cockbridge\ the Proviso, as to Carts going in Horse Trafb and the Seventh Proviso;

The same did severally pais in the Negative.

Ordered, That Sir John Talbot do desire a Conference with the Lords, upon the Amendments to the Bill for Highways.

Sir John Talbot reports. That the Lords had agreed to a Conference upon the Amendments to the Bill for Highways.

A Mcfiage from the Lords, by Sir William Child and Sir Thomas EJlcourt;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a present free Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Bill for the Poor.

The Messengers being withdrawn; and the House having agreed to a present free Conference;

The Messengers were again called in: And Mr. Speaker informed them. That this House had agreed to a present free Conference.

Ordered, That the former Persons do manage the Conference.

Dr. Birkinbead reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for regulating the Press, and for preventing the Printing of scandalous and fedkious Books, was committed, several Amendments to be made, and Provisoes to be added to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in the Bill i and after, delivered the feme in at the Clerk's Table: And some of them being read;

Ordered, That the said Amendments be proceeded in, the first Bu finds, on Monday Morning.

Mr. Clifford reported, from the Committee to whom the Table of Fees for the Officers of his Majesty's Cuf toms and Subsidies was re-committed, a Schedule of Fees which were not in the Table of 40 Regis, few the

Pert of London, and the Members and Creeks thereunto belonging , as also a Table, wherein all the aforesaid Fees were inferred, with a Preface, and certain Rules) all agreed upon at the said Committee: And delivered in the feme at the Clerk's Table.

Mr. Clifford likewise reported, from the feme Sub-Committee, several other Tables of Fees for die respective Ports of Yarmouth, Milford, Ipswich, Kingston upon Hull,

Line Regis, Boston, and Newc upon Tyne; which were likewise agreed upon by the Committee: And delivered in the same also at the Clerk's Table.

And the said General Table of Fees for the Port of London, with the Members and Creeks thereunto belonging, being read;

The Question being put. That, for all Goods not paying Twenty Shillings Customs in or out, there shall be but half Fees taken for all Coquets, Warrants, Debentures, Transires, or Certificates

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Table of Fees, as it was reported, and read, with the Alteration aforesaid, be agreed to: And that the feme be ingrafted. And Mr. Speaker is authorised to sign die feme.

And the said several Tables of Fees, for the respective

Ports of Yarmouth, Milford, Ipswich, Kingston upon Huff, Briftoll, Lin Regis, Boston, and Newcastle upon Tyne, which were likewise agreed upon by the Committee, being also read;

Resolved, upon the Question, That the said several Tables of Fees, as they are reported and read, be agreed to: And that the feme be ingrafted. And Mr. Speaker is authorized to sign the said respective Tables.

Lunas, 190 Mail, 140 Car.

Prayers.

THE Amendments to the Bill for regulating the Press, and for preventing the Printing of feanda-lous and seditious Books and Pamphlets, were read the First time.

The First Amendment to the Thirty-fourth Line of die First Skin was read the Second time} and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Amendment to the Forty-fifth Line, being read the Second time, was, upon the Question, agreed to.

The next Amendment, to the Fiftieth line, was read the Second time; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Amendment to the Fifty-first Line of the First Skin was read the Second time, being, to insert " by the King's Majesty," and to leave out, alter the Word feme," the Clauses in the Bill, to the Twenty-ninth Line of the Second Skin.

The Question being put, To agree to That Amendment;

It paded in the Negative.

The next Amendment, to the Forty-third, Forty-fifth, Forty-sixth, Forty-eighdi, and Forty-ninth lines, of the Second Skin, being to blot out the Word " said," were severally read the Second time.

The Question being severally put. To agree to the said Amendments;

It passed in the Negative.

The Amendment to the Fiftieth line was read the Second time; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Amendment to the Fifty-secondLine of the Second Skin was read the Second time.

The Question being put. To agree to That Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The next Amendment, being to the Sixteenth line of the Sixth Skin, was read the Second time.

The Question being put. To agree to That Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The rest of the Amendments were read the Second time and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Child and Sir Thomas Bird;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords do desire a present free Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Amendments to the Bill for Highways; and do desire this House would expedite the Bills touching Printing; and the Great Level of the Fens.

The Messengers being withdrawn;

And the House having agreed to the said free Conference;

The Messengers were called in again: And Mr. Speaker informed them. That this House had agreed to a present free Conference.

Ordered, That Mr. Sollicitor-General, Mr. Waller, Sir Tho. Cower, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Richard Onslow, Mf. Pryn, Sir John Duncomb, Sir Tho. , Sir Lancelot Lake, Serjeant Charlton, Sir John , and Mr. Seymour, do manage the said free Conference.

Ordered, That Sir John Hollan do desire a present free

Conference with the Lords, upon the Bill concerning the Poor.,

Sir

14 Ca r. II journals of tie House of Commons. 4 j f

Sir John Holland reports, That the Lords had agreed And the Bill, with the Amendments, being read the to a present free Conference with this House, upon the Third time;

Bill for the Poor. That the said Bill* with the Amendments

Ordered, That the Persons formerly appointed do ma- agreed to, do pass. nage the Conferences. And Dr. Birkenhead is to carry it up to the Lords.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Thomas Bird and , That this House doth humbly recommend it

Sir Toby Woolrich; to his Sacred Majesty, to take care for the Preservadon

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have agreed with this House, of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level f as to the Amendments to the Bill concerning the Poor. and do make it their humble Request to his Majesty,

That he would be pleased to give himself the Trouble to Mr. Pryn reports* from the Conference had with the heir the Interest of the Old and New Adventurers there-Lords, upon the Amendments to the Bill for Highways, And that his Majesty be attended with the Votes of

the Particulars, wherein the Lords did differ from this House relating thereto. And Sir fVm. Compton is to

House. atteqd his Majesty with this Address.

Which being in Writing, the First was rend. Ordered, That this House doth humbly recommend it

The Question being put. To agree to This Particular; to his Majesty, to take care for the Preservadon of the It passed in the Negative. Level of the Fens, called Level; and do make

The next Alteration from the Lords was read. it their humble Request to his Majesty* That he would

The Question being put. To adhere to the Bill give himself the Trouble to call all Persons concerned belt was resolved in the Affirmative. fore him *, and to hear their several Claims and Interests:

The next Amendment* from the Lords, being to adhere to die First and Second Prorifoes, concerning the Erecting and Repairing of Two Bridges

The Question being put. To agree with the Lords

It passed in the Negativt.

Ordered, That, at the Conference, it be inlisted on* for a Reason of the Difient of this House to these Provisoes; Because the Provisoes are to lay a Charge upon the People, which ought not to begin with the Lords, but in this House and, although it be but a Part of the Kingdom, yet, by the same Reason, it may be extended to the Whole.

The ingrossed Bill, lent from the Lords, For regulate-ing the Press, with the Amendments and Provisoes thereto made by this House, were read the Third time.

Resolved, 6cc. That this Clause, " or of any other Person or Persons, not being free of, nor using any of, the Trades in the Act before-mentioned,'* be inferred, in die Proviso concerning the Searching the Lords Houses.

Resolved, &c. That this Clause be inferred, after * Books in printing, or to be printed, after the Tenth of June 1662.*

Ordered, That this Proviso be added, to conclude the

Bill;

" Provided that this Act, and the Powers therein contained, shall continue, and be in Force, for Two Years, to commence from the Tenth Day of June 1662, and no longer.'*

A Proviso concerning York was twice read.

Resolved, That the said Proviso be agreed to; and made Part of the Bill.

Another Proviso, for reprinting Books, was twice read.

The Question being put, To agree to the Proviso;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Mr. Waller, fTellers for the Noes:?

Mr. Clifford, \ With the Noes, j 92‘

Mr. Bofcawen, XTellers for the Yeas:?

( With the Yeas, J *4*

And so it passed in the Negative.

An Amendment, as to the Number of Master-Printers, was twice read.

Resolved, That the said Amendment be agreed so.

Ordered, That the Word " Twenty '* be omitted in such Places, where proper.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be agreed to.

And Dr. Birkinbead is to carry it up to the Lords, for their Concurrence.

Dr. Birkinbead reports, from the Committee to which the Bill concerning Mrs. Briftoe wa9 committed, feme Amendments to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in the Bill; and after, delivered the feme in at the Clerk's Table: And the fame, being twice read* were, upon the Question, agreed to.

And that his Majesty be attended with die Votes and Report of this House, relating to that Business.

And it is also recommended to his Majesty, to take the same upon the Petition of Mr. Nathaniel Stoughton into his Consideration: And Sir Robert Howard, Mr. Waller, Mr. Reames, Mr. Clifford, Mr. Sandis, Mr, Fane, Sir Tho.Gower, Sir Thomas Meres, Mr. Henry Coventry, Dr. Birkinbead, and Sir Robert Holt, or any Three of them, do attend his Majesty with this Address: And, that all Writings, in the Hands of Sir Thomas Meres, relating to this Buftnels, be delivered in to, and left with the Clerk of this House.

Ordered, That an Address be made to his gracious Majesty, to inform him. That there is a Bill depending in this House, to declare what Mines shall be taken for Mines Royal, and for ascertaining his Majesty's Prerogative thereto: And that the House, being informed, That there are some Persons who are Petitioners to his Majesty, to procure his Interest therein, do humbly desire his Majesty, That he would be pleased to forbear the granting of any Patent, till his own Interest be declared. And the Lord St. John, Mr. Sir

Francis Goodrich, Mr. Vaughan, and Sir John Norton^ or any Three of them, are to attend his Majesty with this Address.

Mr. Clifford reports, from the Committee to Which it was referred to ascertain a Table of Fees, in relation to the Customs, That the Committee had agreed to a Table of Fees for the City of Chester: Which Table was twice read; and agreed to.

Mr. Solicitor reports, from the free Conference upon the Amendments to the Bill for Highways, That the Lords, as to that Particular concerning Horses going at Length, did adhere to their Amendment; but did agree with this House as to the rest, wherein this House doth adhere.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Lords.

Ordered, That it be humbly recommended, from this House, to his Majesty, to issue his Proclamation for the due Observation of the Lord's Day, according to the Laws; and likewise to reinforce his former Proclamation against Profaneness* Swearing, and Drunkennefe.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Child and Sir JuJlinian Lewen;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a present Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Amendments to foe Bill concerning Printing.

The Messengers being withdrawn; and the House having agreed to the said Conference;

The Messengers were again called in: And Mr. Speaker informed them. That this House had agreed to a present Conference.

Ordered,

436 Journals of the House of Commons. i

Ordered, That Serjeant CharltDr. Mr.

Crouch, Mr. Serjeant Mr. Smithy Mr.

and Serjeant Rainsford, do manage the Conference.

Serjeant Charlton reports, from the Conference, That the Lords had agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill concerning Printing, with some Alterations: Which were in Writing; and, being opened by the Reporter, and delivered in at the Clerk's Table, were read; and agreed.

Ordered, That Dr. Birkinbead do carry up thfc Bill;

and acquaint the Lords, That this House hath agreed with them in the Amendments.

Ordered, That his Majesty be humbly moved. That no Minister, that was in Possession of any Living on the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand Six hundred and Fifty-nine, upon a Presentation, Donation, or Nomination, from the rightful Patron, be prejudiced by any Title of Lapse accrued to his Majesty: For that a Bill concerning this Matter is now depending betwixt the Two Houses: And Sir Richard Temple, Serjeant Rainsford, Sir Edmund Peirce, Sir Thomas Meres, and Mr. Progers, or any Two of them, are to attend his Majesty with this Order.

thereby humbly recommending the same to his Sacred Majesty, for her Relief; his Majesty was graciously pleased, by his Royal Warrant, dated the Twentieth of August then next following, to grant. That the said Sum of Two thousand Eight hundred and Eight Pounds Twelve Shillings should be paid her, or her Assigns, to her Use, out of the Arrears of Excise due and payable to his Majesty, as soon as the former Engagements, charged thereupon, should be satisfied: And whereas the said Sarah Gardiner hath this Day again petitioned this House, setting forth. That, by reason the said Receipts are clogged with many precedent Orders, Ihe cannot, in any reasonable time, expert the gaining thereof, so as to give Satisfaction to her mercilels Creditors, who daily threaten the Destruction of her, and her Three fatherless Children; Upon further Consideration thereof, this House doth again humbly recommend it to his Majesty, to give such Order, that the said Sum of Two thousand Eight hundred and Eight Pounds Twelve Shillings, so granted the Petitioner, as aforesaid, may be paid, and the Petitioner relieved, as to his Princely Goodness and Mercy shall seem meet. And the Care of presenting this Vote of the House to his Majesty is especially committed to Sir William Morice, Sir Nicolas Crispe, and'Sir Robert Brooke.

Whereas upon the Vote of this House, of the Thir- A Message from the King, by Sir Ulher

teenth of July One thousand Six hundred and Sixty-one, of the Black Rod;

in the same of Sarah Gardiner Widow, touching the Sum Mr. Speaker, His Majesty commands this Honourable of Two thousand Eight hundred and Eight Pounds House to attend Him presently, in His House of Peers. Twelve Shillings, stated by the Committee of the Navy And, accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went to be due unto her Husband Maurice Gardiner Merchant, up to the Lords, to attend his Majesty; who was pleased deceased, for his Ship the Green Knight's Service; and to prorogue the Parliament until the Eighteenth Day of allowed by the late Parliament, and the then Counsel; February next ensuing.

Mercuriiy 18* Febru. 15° Carol. II41.

Prayers.

A BUI against Pluralities was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read the Second time on . This-day-sevennight.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do meet, and fit in the House, every Monday in the Afternoon, at Two of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do meet, and fit in the House, every in the

Afternoon, at Two of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do meet-, and fit in the House, every Friday, in the Afternoon; at Two of the Clock.

Refolded, upon the Question, That no Member of this House do grant any Protection to any, but such only as are their menial SerVahtS: And that all Protections, already granted to any other Persons besides menial Servants; be forthwith withdrawn, and called in.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue but his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Election of a Citizen for the City of in the

place of Alderman Fowke, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Election of a Knight for the County of Essex, in the room of Sir Benjamin Ayloffe, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Election of a Burgess for the Town of Great in

Wilts, in the room of Duke Stone Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Election of a Burgess for the Town of Northampton, in the room of Sir Charles C, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Election of a Burgess for the Town of Lymington in the County of Southampton, in the room of John Bulkley Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Election of a Burgess for the Town of St. in

the County of Cornwall, in the room of Sir denham, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr.' Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Election of a Knight for the County of Stafford, in the room of Sir Thomas Leigh, deceased.

Ordered, That the Lord Chancellor be desired, by Mr. Speaker, to take care, Thar, when any Writ shall be sealed, for a new Election of any Member to serve in Parliament, that such Writ be forthwith lent and delivered to the proper Officer of the Place, for which the Election is to be made.

Ordered, That a Committee of Elections and Privileges be appointed of the Members following; Sir Geo. Carteret, Sir lVm. Morice, Sir Edward Hungerford, Lord Ancram, Lord Mandevile, Mr. Sir Geo.

Sir Rich. Oatley, Sir Wm. Stroud, Mr. Mervill, Sir Rich. Maleverer, Sir Maurice Berkley, Mr. Street, Sir Richard Ford, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Tulfe, Mr. James Herbert, Sir Hen. Lea, Sir Rich. Braham, Sir Ralph Hare, Mr. Cotton, Sir Tho.Hebblethwaite, Mr. Collins, Sir Hum. Winch,

Earl of Newburgh, Mr. Richard Spencer, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Edw. Bofcowen, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Edw. Phillips, Mr. Hen. Seymour, Sir Hen. North, Mr. Law. Hide, Sir Jona. Trelawney, Dr. Burwell, Sir Gervas Clifton, Sir John Holland, Sir John Harrison, Sir John Strangwayes, Mr. Stanley, Sir Rob.Holt, Sir Henry Capell, Sir Bayn. Throckmorton, Mr. Mallett, Sir Sir Fra.

Goodrich, Mr. John Afbburnbam, Mr. Peckham, Sir Tho. Peyton, Sir Rich. Fanshaw, Lord Fanshaw, Sir John -

ney. Sir Wm. Lewes, Mr. Arthur Stanhope, Mr. Solomon

Swale, Sir Phil. Warwick, Sir John Goodrich, Sir Phil. Musgrave, Serjeant Charlton, Mr. Lewis Palmer, Mr. Thurland, Lord St. John, Mr. Pendarvis, Sir Geo. Ryze

Mr

Mr Vaughan, Sir Hentage Finch, Sir Mount ague, Sir

Tho. Meres, Sir Tho. Strickland Lord , Sir

Hen. Puckering alias Newton, LoidBruce, Sir Rich. On-

flow, Mr. Giles Strangwayes, Sir John Newton, Sir John Brampfton , Mr. Manwaring, Colonel Mr. James

Scudamore, Sir Jordan Crofland, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir John Roll, Sir Wm. Doyley, Six John Hotham, Mr.

ing. Sir Anth. Cope, Mr . Tho. ChSir Tho. Dolman, Mr. Glascock, Mr. Anth. Eyre, Mr. Wm.

John Tufton, Mr. Coventry, Colonel Gilby, Lord Com-

bury, Mr. Strickland, Mr. Graham, Mr. Darcy, Sir Wm. Hartop, Sir Wm. Bowyer, Sir Geo. Mr. Sey-

mour, Mr. Geo. Mountague, Mr. Hen. Newton, Sir James Smith, Colonel Fretcbvile, Sir Allen-Apfiey, Mr.

ventry, Sir Hugh Pollard, Sir Tho. Colonel-

Kirkby, Mr. GilesHungerford, Sir Gilb. Ireland, Sir

chester Wray, Sir Wm. Compton, Sir Geo. Sir

John Packington, Sir Nicolas Crijpe, Sir Edm. Peirfe, Sir Hum. Bennett, Mr. Phillips, Sir John Talbot. Sir Tho. Tomkins, Sir Fra. Vincent, Mr. John Stroud, Sir John Shaw, Mr. Whitaker, Sir Rich. T Sir Wm. Fleet-wood, Sir Lan. Lake, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Windham, Sir Geo. Fletcher, Sir Tho. Widdrington, Lord Falkland, Sir John Burlace, Sir Ralph Bankes, Mr. Mr. Orme,

Mr. Heath, Mr. Goddard, Mr Ge Sir

Sir Wm.Smith, Mr. Edw. Smith, Mr. Pitt, Sir Edw. Wal-poole, Mr. Wm. Gaudy, Mr. Henley, Mr. John Bennett, Sir Wm. Whitmore, Mr. John Lowther, Lord Mr.

Dowdfwell, Serjeant Littleton, Mr. Hen. Coventry, Mr. Stafford, Mr. Rich. Taylor, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Knight, Sir

Hugh Bethell, Mr. Buller, Mr. Proby, Mr. Sherrard, Mr. Waller, Sir Herbert Price, Mr. Barnaby, Sir Roger Brad-Jbaigb, Mr. Peirpoint, Sir John Denham, Mr. Clifford, Mr.

Packer, Sir Edm. Pooley, Sir Justin. Mr. Long,

Mr.' Hen. Goring, Mr. Peter Prideaux, Mr. Mr.

Tucker, Lord Buckhurst, Mr. Swanton, Sir Tho. Ingram, Colonel Legg, Mr. Evers, Sir Everard, Lord Butler, Sir Wm. Tirringham, Sir Rich. Wynne, Sir John Yorke, Mr. John Strangwayes, Sir Rob. Brooke, Mr. Mr.

Rob. Crooke, Mr. Flint, Sir Hen. Herbert, Sir John Dun-combe, Sit Geo. Grubham How, Sir John Pellham, Sir John Lewkner, Dr. Arris, Sir Adrian Scroope, Sir Tho. Middleton, Mr. Rich. Croke, Colonel Morley, Sir John Fagg, Lord Le De Spencer, Mr. Walden, Mr. Swinfen, Mr. Hen. Williams, Mr. Whitley, Sir Fra. Clarke, Lord Sir Adam Browne, Sir Rob. Atkyns, Sir Windham, Lord Roos, Mr. Bullen Reymes, Mr. Churchill, Mr. Plead-well. Sir Rob. Bolls, Sir Tho. Stewkley, Sir John Morton, Lord Brereton, Mr. John Earnley, Mr. Yorke, Mr. John How, Mr. Milward, Sir Allen Mr.

Sir Wm. Drake, Sir Geo.Downing, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Ran. Egerton, Mr. Sir John RouJe,

Mr. Hugh Bofcowen, Sir John Covett, Mr. Sir

Hen.Wright, Colonel Bowyer, Sir Fra. Lawley, Mr Elliot, Mr. Chetwind, Mr. Tho. Price, Sir Rowland Berk-

ley, Colonel Sandys, Mr. Geo. Clarke, Sir Tho. Fanshaw, Sir Clifford Clifton, Sir Edw. Seymour.

Resolved, That this Committee do meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the Exchequer-Chamber; and every Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday, at Two of the Clock, in the Place before-mentioned , and do take into Consideration all such Matters as shall or may come in Question touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges; and to proceed upon Double Returns in the hi ft Place , and report their Proceedings to the House: And all Persons that will question Double Returns already made, are to do it in Fourteen Days next, and so in Fourteen Days, after any new Return shall be brought in: And the Committee is to have Power to receive Petitions , and to fend for Witnesses, Papers, and Records, for their Information; and to make Report of any Matter which may concern Breach of Privilege: And all Members that are returned for Two or more Places, are to make their Elections by This-day-three-weeks, for which of the Places they will serve; provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place: And, if any thing Hull come in Question touching the Return, or Matter of

Privilege of any Member of this Committee, such Mem* ber is to withdraw from the Committee, during the Time the Matter which concerns himself is in Debate.

A Bill for the better observing the Lord's Day was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read the Second time on This-day-sevennight.

A Message from the King, by the Usher of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker,

The King's Majesty commands this Honourable House to attend Him presently in the House of Peers.

And Mr. Speaker, with the House, accordingly went up to the House of Lords, to attend his Majesty.

Ordered, That the House be adjourned till Eight of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Jovis, 190 Februarii, 150 Car. II4i.

Prayers.

fXRdered, That Sir Rob. Atkyns, Mr. Geo. Clarke, Ser-jeant Charlton, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Clifford, Mr. Jones, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Lowther, Mr. Coventry, Sir Phil.Warwick, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Vaughan,

Sir Hum. Winch, or any Three of them, be appointed a Committee to prepare and bring in a Bill for the Maintenance of Ministers in Corporations and Market-Towns, and for the Increase of the Maintenance of Curates.

A Bill for preventing unnecessary Suits, Delays, Expences, ^Extortions, and other Abuses in the Courts of Justice, and Proceedings at Law, was read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read the Second time on This-day-sevennight.

A Bill for the Suppressing of Rogues, Vagabonds, and Beggars, and ordering of Persons convict for Theft, or Petit-Larceny, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read again the Second time on Monday next.

The Question being put. That an Address be made to his Majesty, That, in respect of the great Scarcity and Dear-ness of Fish, the great Increase of Cattle, and present Fall of Rents, his Majesty would be pleased to mitigate the Rigour of the Law, as to the drift Observation of this Lent, and prohibiting the Eating of Flesh;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

(Tellers for the Yeas:")

\ With the Yeas, j

Sir Hen. Wright, Colonel Williams, Sir Wm. Doyley, Mr. Clifford,

96.

S Tellers for the Noes:

And so it passed in the Negative.

\ ~ With the Noes, ' } 131

Upon Complaint made to this House, That Mr. Ca-lamy, being committed to Prison upon Breach of the Act of Uniformity, was discharged, upon Pretence of some Defect in the Act;

Resolved, That it be referred to a Committee, to look into the Act of Uniformity as to the Matter in Question; and to fee whether the same be defective, and wherein; and to report their Opinion to this House; Viz. to Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Wm. LoWther, Sir Tho. Tompkins, Sir Fra. Goodrich, Mr. Vaughan, Serjeant Keeling, Sir Rob. Atkyns, Mr. Milward, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Clifford, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir John Birkinbead, Lord Falkland, Mr. Steward, Serjeant Charlton, Colonel Giles Strangwayes, Sir Courtney Poole, Sir Phil. Warwick, Sir Edw. Peirce, Lord Fanjbawe; or any Five of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and to fend for the Mittimus by which Mr. Calamy was committed to Prison; and the Warrant by which he was discharged;

5 S and

and to examine, and report the whole Matter of FaCfc to the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

V eneris,20° Februarii, 150 Il4‘.

Prayers.

QRdered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Breach of Privilege alledged by Sir Richard to be committed by

one Mr. Lucy, and Mr. Dixy Long his Attorney, Mr.

Elfy his Sollidtor, Mr. Skipwitand Mr. Awbome the Under-Sheriff, by turning the said Six Richard Onslow out of Possession of certain Lands (without Notice given) at such Time as he ought to have had Privilege of Parliament: And the Committee is to fend for the said Mr. Lucy, Mr. Long, Mr. Elfy, Mr. Skipwith, and Mr. home, and other Persons concerned , and such Papers and Records as they shall find necessary; and report the Matter of Fact to the House.

A Bill for the preventing the Stealing of Plate, Jewels, and Goldsmiths Wares; and also for the Reformation of sundry Inconveniencies in the Goldsmiths Trade; was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read the Second time on Monday Morning next.

A Bill for future Redrels and Prevention of sundry Abuses in Elections and Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, was this Day read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time on' This-day-sevennight.

A Bill for Transporting of Felons and Rogues into Foreign Plantations was this Day read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read again the Second time on Monday next; which Time is appointed for reading another Bill against Rogues and Vagabonds.

A Bill for the better Regulating and Ordering of Common Fields was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read the Second time on Monday next.

Upon Motion made by Order of the Committee, to whom Mr. Calamy's Business was referred. That they

doubted whether they could fend for his Sermon, and the Bishop of London's Certificate made in his Cafe, by reason that the usual Order for fending for Persons, Papers, and Records, was Y efterday omitted;

Resolved, That the said Committee have Power to fend for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as they shall judge fit.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Robert Sewell and Mr. Houghton, and all others their Counsellors, Attorneys, and Sollicitors, be irijoined to forbear all further Proceeding at Law in the said Action there depending, concerning the Title of the said Manor against the said Symonds, during the Sessions of this Parliament.

A Bill for Impowering of Sir Courtney Poole Baronet, Sir John Drake Knight and Baronet, and others, to make Sale of the Manors of Umington in the County of Scm-merfet, for the Payment of the Portion of Ellen Brifcce, one of the Daughters of Sir John Drake Knight, deceased, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time on Thursday next.

A Bill for preventing Sea-Breaches, and draining certain Lands in the County of Norfolke, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read the Second time on Thursday next.

Resolved, &c. That a Committee be appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill for the Redress of the Falfities and Abuses in making Woofen Cloth, and other Manufactures; and to injoin the Wearing of them by the Subjects of this Kingdom; Viz. Sir Hen. Bennett, Sir Courtney Pcole, Sir Cliff. Clifton, Sir Rob. Atkyns, Mr. Mount ague. Sir Rich. Ford, Mr. Jones, Sir Bain. Throckmorton, Sir Fra. Coodrick, Mr. Clifford, Sir Cha.

Sir Wm. Doyley, Mr. Wm. Coventry, Sir Tompson, Sir James Smith, Sir Edm. Peirce, Colonel Sir Rich.

Temple, Mr. Wm. Sandys, Mr Six John Denham,

Sir Cha. Huffey, Mr Fane, Mr. Bulteele, Mr. Dennis, Lord Gorge, SixLan. Lake, Mr. Lewis, Sir The, Lee, Mr. Geo.

Clarke, Sir Ntc. Crispe, Mr. Croke, Sir Fra. Hen. Lea, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Tho. Wendy, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Knight, Mr. Garway, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Phil. Warwick, Mr.

Jolly, Sir Geo. Cartwright, Lord Fanfhaw, Mr. , Mr. Coventry, Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. Jones, Sir Tho* Allen,

Sir Edward Walpoole, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Slreete, Sir

Theo. Biddulph, Sir John Birkinhead, Sir Tho. Fanfhaw: And all the Members of this House, that shall come, are to have Voices at the Committee: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Star-Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, &c. That Wednesday next be appointed for reading the King's Majesty's Declaration and last Speech, and for taking the same into Consideration and Debate.

Resolved, That Thursday next come-sevennight, being the Fifth Day of March, be appointed for Calling-over the House.

And the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning at Eight of the Clock.

Sabbati, 210 Februarii, 150 Car. IT*.

Prayers.

UPON Information given by Thomas Morice Esquire, Member of this House, That one Robert Sewell Esquire, by Mr. John Houghton his Attorney, had delivered the said Morris, and one William Symonds his Bailiff, Declarations in an ACHon of firme, to try the

Title of the Manor of Boyton-Hall in Essex, in the Possession of the said Mr. Morice *, and hath also lately given Notice, that they intend to proceed to Trial against the said William Symonds in the said Action of Ejectment, at the next Assizes for the . said County of Essex, in Breach of the Privilege of this House,

‘4

L,unce, 2 30 , 15° Car. ir.

Prayers.

fJRdered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Election of a Burgess for the Town of in

the stead of Mr. James Phillips, whole Election was made void.

Upon Information, That one Captain Section had, in his Custody, several Bonds entered into by the Gentlemen of Wiltfoire, upon their Imprisonment in the late Times

for their Loyalty , and that other Persons had, in their Custody, divers Bonds entered into by the Gentlemen of other Countries, upon their Imprisonment for their Loyalty;

Ordered, That Captain Scoton, and all other Persons, who had in their Custody, any Bonds entered into by such Persons

Persons as were imprisoned for their Loyalty, do, upon Notice, forthwith bring in the said Bonds into this House; or do appear, and give an Account, what is become of such Bonds.

A Bill for Improvement of Commonable Lands was this Day read the First time.

A Bill for preventing the Stealing of Plate, Jewels, and Goldsmiths Wares , and also for the Reformation of sundry Inconveniencies in the Goldsmiths Trade; was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Sir Solomon Swale, Sir John Birkinhea Sir Rich. Mr.

Westfalingy Colonel Reames, Colonel Edm. Windham, Sir John Duncombey Mr. Vaughan, Sir Wm. Sir Gilb. Gerrardy Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir Hen. , Sir

Clifford Cliftony Colonel Strangwayes, Mr. , Sir Rich. Francklyn, Sir Rich. Oatley, Mr. Mr. George, Sir

Geo. Courtopy Mr. Edw. Seymour, Sir Edm. Peircey Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Knight, S\r James Smith, Sir Rob. Atkyns, Sir Courtney Poole, Sir Tho, GMr. Whittaker, Sir

Hen. North, Mr. Henley, Sir Bain. Throckmorton, Mr. Street, Mr. Clifford, Mr. Crouch, Sir Wm. Sir Rich.

Brabam, Colonel Wanklyn, Sir Hum. Winch, Colonel Birch, Mr. Morris, Mr. Jones, Sir Wm. Tompson, Mr. Jolly, Sir Hen. Worjley, Mr. Roberts, Sir Edm. Pye, Sir John Low, Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. Geo. Clarke, Mr. Manwaring, Sir Tho. Wendy, Mr. John Churchill, Sir . Stricklahd, Mr. Croke, Sir John Trot: And they are to meet on Wednesday next, at Two of the Clock in the

Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And the said Committee have Power to fend Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for Repairing and Maintaining of the Highway called Watling-street, in the County of was this

Day read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time on Friday next.

Resolved, See. That the Committee who were appointed to peruse the Act of Uniformity do also review the Act for Highways, the Act against Quakers, the Act for the Militia, the Act for regulating the Press, the Act for Packing of Butter, and the Act concerning the Fishing-Trade of the County of Cornwall; and to hear such Ob-

jeftions as shall be made against any of the said Bills; and report their Opinions to the House, whether they find necessary to have any Amendments or Explanations made to any of the said Bills, and wherein: And Sir John Good-rick, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Edm. Peirce, Sir John Dun-combe, Colonel Kirkby, Colonel Legg, Sir Tho. Gower, Sir Courtney Pock, Sir John Pelham, Sir Phil. Musgrave,

Major-General Egerton, Sir Clifford Clifton, and all the Members of this House of the Long Robe are added to the said Committee, as to the Execution of this Order: And they are also to consider of the ancient Course and Method observed in the Palling of Bills; and report their Opinions therein to the House.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed of these Persons following-, viz.Sir John Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Tho. Gower, Sir Tho. Hllen, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Clifford, Mr. Mountague, Sir Fra. Goodrich, Sir Tho. Strickland, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Crouch, Sir Rob. Atkyns, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Rich. Ttmple, Mr. Crouch, Sir John Holland, Mr. Street, Serjeant Charlton, or any Three of them, to peruse the Journals of this House every Saturday in the Afternoon, and to see that the Votes, Orders, and Proceedings of the House, be fairly and rightly entered -, and also, from time to time, to examine and compare such Bills as shall be hereafter ingossed, with the Paper-Copies by which they are ingrafted; and to see that they do cohere and agree.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Thomas Bennett and Sir William Child;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to deliver you this Message; That, whereas divers Deeds, Evidences, and Writings, concerning Advowsons, and Rectories impropriate, belonging to several Peers of this Kingdom, were taken from them, for their Loyalty in adhering to his Majesty, in the late Troubles, and are now in the Custody of the Clerk of the House of Comrfions; the Lords desire that all such Deeds, Evidences, and Writings, may forthwith be delivered into the Possession of the Clerk of the House of Peers; to the end they may be restored to the several and particular Lords, to whom they properly belong, according to an Act of Parliament lately passed, intituled, An Act for Restoring of all such Advowsons, Rectories, Rectories Impropriate, Glebe Lands, and Tythes to his Majesty's loyal Subjects, as were taken from them; and making void certain Charges imposed on them, upon their Composition for Delinquency by the late usurped Powers.

The Messengers being called in; Mr. Speaker does acquaint them, That the House had taken their Message into Consideration; and would make Inquiry for the Deeds and Writings which concern the Lords; and would then fend them an Answer by Messengers of their own.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Meres, Sir Phil.

Mr. Mallett, Sir John Birkinhead, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Crouch, Sir Edm. Peirce, Sir Rob. Atkyns, or any Three of them, be appointed a Committee to make Enquiry in whole Hands the Deeds, Evidences, and Writings, which do relate to such Parsonages and Advowsons as are by Act of Parliament to be restored to the Lords, or the Members of this House, and other his Majesty's loyal Subjects, do now remain; and to make Report thereof to this House: And for this Purpose, they are to meet on Wednesday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And the said Committee have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday next. Eight of the Clock in the Morning.

Mercurii, 25° Februarii, 1

Prayers.

ORdered, That the Bill for fetding and confirming certain Lands and Grounds purchased by Sir Cornelius Vermuyden, and his Participants, lying in the Counties of Torke, Lincolne, and Nottingham, upon the Drainers and Purchasers thereof, be read Tomorrow Morning.

The House being informed. That Anthony Tolden . Esquire hath brought an Action of Ejectment in the Name of one Edward Sherwood, to be tried at Winchester next Affixes, against John Goddard, Ejeftor and Tenant to Richard Goddard Esquire, a Member of this House; wherein the Title of the said Richard Gcddard is concerned;

It is Ordered, by the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled. That the Suit, being prosecuted contrary to the Privilege of Parliament (the said Richard Goddard being properly concerned therein), shall be it further proceeded in against the said John Goddard, during the Privilege of Parliament; unless the said Richard Goddard shall wave his Privilege: And, hereof, all Counsellors, At-, torneys, and Sollicitors now employed, or to be employed in this Suit by the said Anthony Talden and Edward Sherwood, or either of them, are to take Notice of this Order, and yield their Obedience hereunto, as they will answer the contrary to this House.

A Bill for the Investing of the Lands and Tenements of Cuthbert Morley in Richard Barret, Katherine Chute, and Arthur Ingram, their Heirs and Assigns, till they have received certain Monies due to them, was this Day read the First time.

5 Resolved, That this Bill be read again the Second time Tomorrow levennight.

A BUI

Journals of the House of Commons. A. 166z.

A Bill against Pluralities of Benefices was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Pryn, Sir John Goodrick, Sir Sol. Mr. Progers,

Sir Bt i 1. Throckmorton, Sir Roger , Mr. Clif-

ford, Sir Cha. Harbord, Mr. Sir John Sir Edw. Walpoole, Sir Phil. , Mr. , Sir

Goodrich, Sir Antb. Cope, Sir Hum. Winch, Lord Newburgh, Sir Tho. Widdrington, Mr. Milward, Mr. Phillips, Lord Bruce, Mr. Hide, Sir Rob. Brooke, Mr. Attorney of the Duchy, Mr. Whittaker, Sir Geo.

Sir Wm. Lowther, Colonel Reames, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir

Tho. Allen, Sir Tho. Gower, Sir Clifford Clifton, Mr. Geo. Clarke, Sir Rob. Atkyns, Mr. Sir Hen.

North, Sir Ralph Hare, Mr. Knight, Mr. Fane, Sir Wm. Hoy ley. Sir Wm. Hickman, Sir Courtney Poole, Lord Ri-ebardson, Mr. Churchill, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Crouch, Sir John Holland, Mr Lewis, Sir Gilb. Mr.

ker, Sir John Torke, Mr. Hide, Sir Fra. Clarke, Sir Edm. Peirce: And all the Members of this House, that shall come to the Committee, are to have Voices thereat: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the Exchequer-Chamber: And to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for the better Observation of the Lord's Day was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Sir John Goodrick, Sir Fra. Goodrich, Sir Rob. Brooke, Sir Hum. Winch, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Hen. North, Mr. Phil-lipps, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Attorney of the Duchy, Mr.

Morris, Sir John Rouse, Mr. Jones, Sir Edm. Pooley, Sir Edm. Peirce, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Anth. Cope, Mr. Fane, Sir Bain. Trockmortan, Mr. Seymour, Sir Gilb. Gerrard, Lord Herbert, Lord Fanshaw, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Scudamore, Mr. Musgrave, Sir John Holland, Mr. Thurland, Sir Rob. Atkyns, Sir John Torke, Sir Tho. Gower, Colonel Reames, Lord Bruce, Mr. Ashburnham, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Cha. Harbord, Mr. Lewis, Sir John Birkinhead, Sir John Pelham, Sir Rich. Braham, Sir Edw. Walpocle, Sir Sol. Swale, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Crouch, Nit. Torke:

And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Pafton, and Sir Wm. have the Leave of this H'.use to go into the Country, to attend the Funeral of Sir Wm. Pafton.

The House then took into 'Confederation the Order, made the One-and-twentieth of this Month, for reading the King's Majesty's Declaration and Speech.

And taking the same into Debate;

And the Declaration and Speech being read;

The Question being put, That the House do now proceed in the Debate upon the King's Majesty's Declaration and Speech;

The House was divided.

The Noes went out.

Mr. Clifford, f Tellers for the Noes: T

Sir Sol. Swale, \ With the Noes, j 3°*

Sir Courtney Poole, J Tellers for the Yeas: 5 ,

Colonel Strangwayes,\ With the Yeas, f 2 9*

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the House accordingly proceeding in the Debate;

Upon Consideration had by the House of the King's Majesty's Declaration and Speech,

Resolved, upon the Question, Nemine contradicente. That the humble Thanks of this House be returned to the King's Majesty, for his Constancy in the Observation of the Act of Indemnity.

Resolved, &c. Nemine contradicente. That the humble Thanks of this House be returned to the King's Majesty, for his Profession against introducing a Government by a Military Power.

Resolved, &c. Nemine contradicente. That the humble Thanks of this House be returned to his Majesty, for his

i6r.

gracious Invitation to this House to prepare some Laws against the Growth and Progress of Popery.

Resolved, &c. Nemine contradicente. That the humble Thanks of this House be returned to his Majesty, for his Resolution to maintain the Act of Uniformity.

Resolved, &c. Nemine contradicente. That the humble Thanks of this House be returned to his Majesty, for his gracious Recommendation to this House, to prepare Laws against Licentiousness and Impiety; and also to provide Sumptuary Laws; and Laws for the Advance of Trade; and for his Majesty's gracious Expressions, to retrench the Charge and Expences of his own Family.

The House then took into Debate the Matter touching Indulgence to Dissenters, from the Act of Uniformity.

The Question being put. That the present Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Sir John Goodrick, f Tellers for the Noes: 7

Sir Wm. Lowther, \ With the Noes, J

Sir Rich. Temple, f Tellers for the Yeas :"

Sir John Talbott, \ With the Yeas,

And so it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, &c. That it be presented to the King's Majesty, as the humble Advice of this House, That no Indulgence be granted to the Dissenters from the Act of Uniformity.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to collect and bring in the Reasons of this House, for this Vote upon the present Debate, to be presented to his Majesty: And that the Nominating of the Committee be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till -To-morrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

yevisy 2 6° Febr. 150 Car. 11/".

Prayers.

TiRdered, That Minshall, of Eardfwich in the County"

of Chester, be sent for in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House; for his Breach of Privilege, in serving Sir Jeoffrey Shakerley, a Member of this House, with Process to attend die Court of Exchequer in Chester, since this House was fitting: And that the said Minshall, and all others concerned, be, and are hereby, injoined to stay all further Proceedings against: the said Sir Jeoffrey Shakerley, in the Exchequer of , during die Sessions of this Parliament.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges, to examine the Matter touching the Arrest and imprisonment of Charles Temple, Servant to Sir John Birkinhead, a Member of this House, by; and report the same to the House: And that the said Temple shall, in the mean time, have his Liberty, that he may attend the Committee.

Upon Information, That Mr. Christopher Jay, a Member of this House, having, upon an Extent, recovered certain Lands in Norfolke-, and his Tenants, Mr. Turner and Mr. Custos, being in possessing thereof; yet one # hath lately sealed a Lease of Ejedlment, to try

the Title of the said Lands, in Breach of the Privilege of this House -,

Ordered, That the said , her Attorney, Solli-

citor, and Agents, be injoined to stay all further Proceedings in the said Action of Ejectment, during the Session of this Parliament.

Ordered, That the Committee, to which the Bill to prevent the Stealing of Plate, Jewels, and Goldsmiths Wares, and for Reformation of Inconveniencies in the Goldsmiths Trade, was committed, be revived; and do

fit

15 Car. 11. journals of the House ^/Commons. 441

fit Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, at the Place appointed.

Ordered, That all such Committees as were to fit Yesterday in the Afternoon be revived; and do fit at Two of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Places appointed.

A Bill for settling and confirming certain Lands and Grounds purchased by Sir Cornelius and his

Participants, lying in the Counties of,

and Nottingham, upon the Drainers and Purchasers there-

of, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read the Second time on T o-morrow-sevennight.

A Bill for impowering Sir Courtney Sir John

Drake, and others, to make Sale of the Manor of Ly-mington in the County of Some, for Payment of the Portion of Ellen Brifcoe Widow, one of the Daughters of Sir John Drake Knight, deceased, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be committed to Mr. Cofferer, Colonel Reames, Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. Clifford, Mr. Ashburnham, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Colonel

wayes, Sir Sol. Swale, Sir ‘Tho. , Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Lowther, Colonel Whitley, Mr. Fox, Sir Robert

Sir Robert Atkyns, Sir Courtney Poole, Sir Edm.

Sir John Birkinhead, Sir Wm. Mr. Churchill,

Mr. Milward, Mr. Seymour, Sir Rob. Bolles, Sir Cha. Huffey, Sir John 'Talbot, Serjeant Charlton, Sir John Goodrich, Lord Bruce, and all the Members of this House that are of the Long Robe: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And Mrs. Dorothy Browne, and all Persons concerned, are to have Notice, that they may attend the Committee, and be heard: And the said Committee have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That it be referred to a Committee, to col-left and bring in the Reasons of the House for the Vote of Advice to his Majesty, upon the Debates had Yesterday v and also to prepare and bring in a Bill, to prevent the further Growth of Popery: Viz. Sir Hen. North, Mr. Sollicitor-General, Mr. VaughaSir Edw. Walpoole, Six Tho. Meres, Sir Fra. Goodrich, Colonel Windham, Lord

Fanfhaw, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Ashburnham, Sir Rich. Everard, Sir Bain. Throckmorton, Lord Newburgh, Lord Falkland, Lord Ancram, Major-General Egerton, Sir John Goodrich, Sir John Duncombe, Lord Bruce, Sir Robert hyns. Six John Birkinhead, Sir Lowther, Master of the Rolls, Six Anthony Cope, Mr. Broome Whorwood, Colonel Strangwayes, Sir Tho. Gower, Serjeant Charlton, Colonel Progers, Sir Edm. Peirce, Sir Cha. Harbord: And they are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber, at Two of the Clock this Afternoon: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, &c. That, in the Close of the Reasons to be presented to his Majesty, for the Vote of Advice, it be also added. That this House, in pursuance thereof, will assist his Majesty with their Lives and Fortunes: And that the Committee, appointed to bring in the Reasons, do pen an Address, to that Purpose, to his Majesty.

Resolved, &c. Nemine contradicente, That the humble Thanks of this House be returned to his Majesty, for his gracious Recommendation to this House, to prepare Laws against Licentiousness and Impiety , and also to provide Sumptuary Laws, and Laws for the Advance of Trade -, and for his Majesty's gracious Expressions to retrench the Charge and Expences of his own Family: And that this Vote be added to the other Votes of Yesterday, for tendering the Thanks of the House to his Majesty.

Resolved, &c. That a Committee be appointed to prepare and bring in Sumptuary Laws, and Laws to prevent Incroachments in Trade by the Jews and French, or any other Foreigners: Viz. Sir Tho. Gower, Mr. Pryn,

Sir Cha. Harbord, Mr. Higgons, Sir Tho. Strickland, Mr* Seymour, Sir John Goodrick, Sir Wm. Sir John

Duncomb, Sir Hen. Wi right, Colonel Whitley, Mr. Jones,

Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Bain. Throckmorton, Sir Anth. Cope, Sir Phil. Warwick, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Serjeant Charlton, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Cha. Huffey, Colonel Birch, Sir Wm. Thompson, Mr. Gar way, Mr. Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Street, Mr. Strickland, Sir Robert Atkyns, Lord Bruce, Mr. Ashburnham, Sir Wm. Lowther, Mr. W \jlfaling: And all the Merchants of this House are added to the Committee: And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for preventing unrteceflary Suits, Delays, Ex5-pences, and other Abuses, in Courts of justice, and Proceedings at Law, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Pryn, Sir Rob.Atkyns, Mr. Croke, Mr. Knight, Mr. Pepis, Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. Finch, Sir Rich. Temple, Sir Lane. Lake,

SaWm. Lowther, Mx.Peckham, Mr. Sollicitor-General, Six Fra. Goodrick, Six Solomon Swale, Nix. Vaughan, Mr. Reames, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Seymour, Sir Rich. Onslow, Sir Chichester Wray, Serjeant Charlton, Master of the Rolls, Sir John Talbot, Sir Wm. Lewis, Colonel Strangwayes, Sir Rich. Temple. Sir Cha. Harbord, Mr. Whorwood, Sir Edm. Bowyer, Sir Cha. Huffey, Serjeant Maynard, Mr. Morice, Mr: Crouch, Sir Tho. Tompkins: And all the Members, that come to the said Committee, are to have Voices thereat: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Exchequer-Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning} Eight of the Clock.

Vimerisy 2 j° Febr. 150 Ildl.

Prayers.

A Bill for the Punishing of unlawful Cutters and Spoilers of Woods and Underwoods, and Destroyers of young Timber-Trees, was this Day read the First: time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read the Second time on This-dgy-sevennight.

A Bill for repairing and maintaining the Highway called Watling-Street, in the County of Bedford, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be committed to Sir Job* Duncombe, Sir Hum. Winch, Sir Robert Atkynl, Sir John Goodrick, Sir Wm. Hickman, Mr. Crouch, Sir Hen. North, Lord Ancram, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sit John,

Lord Fanfhawe, Sir Lane. Lake, Sit Rich. Franklyn, Co-

lonel Reames, Sir Clifford Clifton, Sir John Brampfloh, Lord Richardson, Mr. George, Mf. Peirce, Sir John Rouse, Mr. Finch, Lord Gorge, Sir Phil.

Sir Fra. Goodrick, Sir Cha. Harbord, Mr. Sir

Rich. Onslow, Mr. Steward, Sir Tho. Allen, Mr. Hungerford, Sir Tho. Goweil, Sir John Holland, Serjeant Charlton, Mr. Phillips, Sir Bain. Throckmorton: And all the Members of this House, that serve for the Counties of Buckingham, Northampton, B, and Leicester, are added to the said Committee: And they are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber, at Two of the Clock this Afternoon: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Serjeant Charlton reports, from the Committee of Privileges, the same between Sir Richard Onslow and Mr. Lucy the Opinion of the Committee, That none of the Persons complained against had done any thing criminal. *5 T The

The Question being put, To agree with the Committee;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

He also reports the Opinion of the Committee, That Sir Richard Onslow had such a Notice of the Tryal, as his not claiming his Privilege Then would amount to a "Waving of his Privilege.

The Question being put. To agree with the Committee;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

He also reports the Opinion of the Committee, That the Turning out of Inwood, the Tenant in Possession, was a Breach of Privilege on Sir Richard Onslow: And that there ought to be such a Restitution granted to the Tenant, as Tenant to Sir Richard Onslow; and that he ought to attorn and pay his Rent to him.

The Question being put. To agree with the Committee;

It passed in the Negative.

Sir Heneage Finch reports, from the Committee appointed to collect and bring in the Reasons of this House for their Vote of Advice to the King's Majesty; and, in the Close of those Reasons, to add, That the House will assist his Majesty with their Lives and Fortunes; and to pen an Address to his Majesty for that Purpose; The several Reasons, and Address, agreed by the Committee, in Writing: Which he read in his Place; and did, after, bring up and deliver the same in at the Clerk's Table.

The First Paragraph was read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Second Paragraph was read; and, on the Question, agreed to.

The Third was read; and, on the Question, agreed

to.

The Fourth Paragraph was read; and, on the Question, agreed to.

The Fifth Paragraph was read.

Resolved, That, after the Word " Endeavours," these Words, " by Your Declaration," be inserted.

And the same were done accordingly.

Resolved, Sec. That the Words " by a gracious For-

bearance " be omitted.

Which were struck out accordingly.

Resolved, That these Words, " that there be any Indulgence to such Persons who presume to dissent from, the Act of Uniformity," be inserted.

Which was done accordingly.

Resolved, Sec. That the Paragraph, so amended, be

agreed to.

The Reasons were read.

The First Paragraph was read the Second time; and, on the Question, agreed to.

The next Paragraph was read.

Resolved, &c. That the Word " and" be inserted* instead of " if."

' Resolved, Sec. That this Clause be added in the Close

of the First Paragraph; " nor could it be otherwise understood, because there were Laws of Uniformity then ih being, which could not be dispensed with, but by Act of Parliament."

Which was done accordingly.

Resolved, Sec. That these Words, " they who do pretend a Right to that supposed Promise," be inserted, in the Beginning of the Second Paragraph.

Which was done accordingly.

Resolved, Sec. That the Paragraph, so agreed to, do

pass.

The next Paragraph was read the Second time; and agreed.

The next was read the Second time; and, on the Question, agreed to.

The rest, until the last Paragraph, were severally read; and, on the Question, agreed to.

An additional Reason, in Writing, tendered to be inserted before the last Reason.

Resolved, &c. That the Reason, being in these Words, It is a thing altogether without Precedent, and will take away all Means of convicting Recusants, and be inconsistent with the Method and Proceedings of the Laws of England" be inserted.

Which was done accordingly.

The last Reason was read.

Resolved, &c. That these Words, in the Close of the last Paragraph; viz." it being most notorious, that the very Prayers, which forne pretend to make for the Supreme Authority, are still mingled with vile and seditious Refledionsbe omitted.

The Question being put, To agree to the Address and Reasons, to be presented to his Majesty, as they are amended, and read;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Which are as follow: Viz.

May it please Your most Excellent Majesty,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, of the House of Commons, in Parliament assembled, having, with all Fidelity and Obedience, considered of the several Matters comprised in Your Majesty's late gracious Declaration of the Twenty-sixth of December last; and Your most gracious Speech at the Beginning of this present Session; do, in the First place, for ourselves, and in the Names of all the Commons of England, render to Your Sacred Majesty the Tribute of our most hearty Thanks, for that infinite Grace and Goodnels, wherewith Your Majesty hath been pleased to publish Your Royal Intentions of adhering to Your Ad of Indemnity and Oblivion, by a constant and religious Observance of it: And our Hearts are further inlarged in these Returns of Thanks-giving, when we consider Your Majesty's most Princely and Heroick Professions, of relying upon the Affections of Your People, and abhorring all fort of military and arbitrary Rule. But, above all, we can never enough remember; to the Honour of Your Majesty's Piety, and our own unspeakable Comfort, those solemn and most: endearing Invitations of us Your Majesty's Subjects, to prepare Laws* to be presented to Your Majesty, against the Growth and Increase of Popery; and, withal, to provide more Laws against Licentiousness and Impiety; at the same time declaring Your own Resolutions, for maintaining the Act of Uniformity. And it becomes us always to acknowledge, and admire Your Majesty's Wife dom; in this Your Declaration; whereby Your Majesty is pleased to resolve, not only by Sumptuary Laws, but by Your own Royal Example of Frugality, to restraia that Excess in Mens Expences, which is grown so general, and so exorbitant; and to direct our Endeavours to find out fit and proper Laws for Advancement of Trade and Commerce.

After all this, we most humbly beseech Your Majesty to believe, That it is with extreme Unwillingness, and Reludancy of Heart, that we are brought to differ from any thing, which Your Majesty hath thought fit to propose: And, though we do no way doubt, but that the unreasonable Disteinpers.of Mens Spirits, and the many Mutinies and Conspiracies, which were carried on during the late Intervals of Parliament, did reasonably incline Your Majesty to endeavour, by Your Declaration, to give some Allay to those ill Humours, till the Parliament assembled; and the Hopes of an Indulgence, if the Parliament should consent to it; especially seeing the Pretenders to this Indulgence did seem to make some Title to it, by virtue of Your Majesty's Declaration from Breda; nevertheless, we Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, who are now returned to serve in Parliament from those several Parts and Places of Your Kingdom, for which we were chosen, do humbly offer it to Your Majesty's great Wisdom; That it is in no fort adviseable, that there be any Indulgence to fetch Persons, who presume to dissent from the Act of Uniformity, and Religion Established; for these Reasons:

We have considered the Nature of Your Majesty's Declaration from Breda; and are humbly of Opinion, That Your Majesty ought not to be pressed with it any further; because, it is not a Promise in itself, but only a gracious Declaration of Your Majesty's Intentions, to do what in You lay, and what a Parliament should advise Your Majesty to do: And no such Advice was ever given, or thought fit to be offered: Nor could it be otherwise understood; because there were Laws of Uniformity then in being, which could not be dispensed with* but by Act ' 6f Parliament.

They, who do pretend a Right to that supposed Pro-fnife, put their Right into the Hands of their Representatives, whom they chose to serve for them in this Parliament: Who have passed, and Your Majesty consented to the Act of Uniformity.

If any shall presume to say, That a Right to the Benefit of this Declaration doth still remain, after this Act passed; it tends to dissolve the very Bonds of Government; and to suppose a Disability in Your Majesty, and Your Houses of Parliament, to make a Law contrary to any Part of Your Majesty's Declaration, though both Houses should advise Your Majesty to it.

We have also considered the Nature of the Indulgence proposed, with reference to those Consequences, which must necessarily attend it.

It will establish Schism by a Law; and make the whole Government of the Church precarious, and the Censures of it of no Moment or Consideration at all.

It will no way become the Gravity or Wisdom of a Parliament, to pals a Law at one Session for Uniformity; and, at the next Session (the Reasons for Uniformity continuing still the fame), to pass another Law, to frustrate or weaken the Execution of it.

It will expose Your Majesty to the restless Importunity of every Sect or Opinion , and of every Angle Person allb, that shall presume to dissent from the Church of England.

It will be a Cause of increasing Sects and Seftaries; whose Numbers will weaken the true Protestant Proses-fion so far, that it will, at least, become difficult for it to defend itself against them: And, which is yet further considerable, those Numbers, which, by being troublesome to the Government, find they can arrive to an Indulgence, will, as their Numbers increase, be yet more troublesome, that so, at length, they may arrive to a general Toleration, which Your Majesty hath declared against; and, in time, some prevalent Sect will, at last, contend for an Establishment; which, for, aught can be foreseen, may end in Popery.

It is a thing altogether without Precedent; and will take away all Means of convicting Recusants, knd. be inconsistent with the Method and Proceedings of the Laws of England.

Lastly, It is humbly conceived, that the Indulgence proposed will be so far from tending to the Peace of the Kingdom, that it is likely rather to occasion great Disturbance: And, on the contrary, that the Asserting.of the Laws, and the Religion established, according to the Act of Uniformity, is the moll probable Means to produce a settled Peace and Obedience through the Kingdom.; because the Variety of Profeftions in Religion, when openly indulged, doth directly distinguish Men into Parties, and, withal, gives them Opportunity to count their Numbers; which, considering the Animosities that, out of a religious Pride, will be kept on Foot by the several Factions, doth tend, directly and inevitably, to open Disturbance: Nor can Your Majesty have any Security, that the Doctrine or Worth ip of the several Fastions, which are all governed by a several Rule, shall be confident with the Peace of Your Kingdom.

And, if. any Person shall presume to disturb the Peace of the Kingdom, we do, in all Humility, declare. That we will for ever, and upon all Occasions, be ready, with our uttermost Endeavours and Assistance, to adhere to, and serve Your Majesty, according to our bounden Duty and Allegiance.

Ordered, That such Members of this IToufe, as are of his Majesty's Privy-Council, do move the King's Majesty, that he would give Leave to this House to wait on him, at such Time and Place as his Majesty shall think fit and appoint.

Ordered, That all Committees that were to fit this Afternoon be adjourned; and do fit Tomorrow in the Afternoon.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbati, 28 0 Febr. 15° Car. IP1.

Prayers.

ffXRdered, That Sir Thomas Dike have the Leave of this House to go into the Country, to attend the Assizes.

A Bill for suppressing Rogues and Vagabonds, and transporting them to Foreign Plantations, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be committed to Mr. Crouch, Sir Hen. Herbert, Sir Lane. , Mr.

Sir John Holland, Lord Ricba, Sir Wm. Lowther,

Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. Westphaling Sir Mr.

Jones, Mr. Scawen, Mr. Gawdy Mr. Coventry, Sir Jobt

Shaw, Mr. Wren, Colonel Whitley, Sir Robert Sir

f Tho. Allen, Sir Clifford Clifton, Mr. Clifford, Colonel Reames, Sir Tho. Gower, Mr. Attorney of the Duchy* Sir Tho.Tompkins, Sir Rich. Braham, Sir North, Mr. Gar way. Colonel Kirkby, Sir Wm. Thomson, Mr. Phillips^ Sir Tho. Peyton, Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir Geo. Probert, Sir Rich. Oatley, Sir John Rouse, Sir JuJlin' , Dr. Birk-inhead. Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Jolly, Colonel Windham, Sir Geo. Ryve, Mr. Thurland, Mr. Wm. t

And all the Members of this House, that come to the said Committee, are to have Voices thereat: And they are to meet on Thursday next, at Two of the Clock* in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. < -

Ordered, That Mr. Collins, a Member of this House, have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

Sir William Compton reports, That he, with some other Members of this House, of his Majesty's Honourable Privy-Council, had attended his Majesty; and signified unto him the Desires of this House, to wait on his Majesty at such Time and Place as he should please to appoint: And that his Majesty did receive the Message very graciously, as he doth all Things that come from this House; and, to give them a Testimony of it, had appointed the shortest Time he could for the House to attend him; which was this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Banqueting-House at Whitehall,

A Bill for Suppression of Rogues, and Ordering of Fer-, ions committed to the Common Gaol for Theft and Pe--tit-Larceny, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, -&c. That this Bill be committed, to the same Committee-to which the Bill for suppressing Rogues and Vagabonds, and transporting them to Foreign Plantations,

: was committed: And they are to peruse both Bills; and to incorporate them; and to extract out of both one Bill, which may be effectual for Suppression and Ordering of Rogues and Vagabonds.

A Bill for the Incorporating of the Master and Wardens of the Company of Grocers', London, to be Governors of the Free-School in Whitney, in the county of ,

of the Foundation of Henry Box Elquiit, Citizen and Grocer of London; ?nd for the Settling of Lands and 0 Possessions

444 Journals of the House of Commons.

Possessions on that School, for the Maintenance thereof; was this Day read the First time.

Refolded., &c. That this Bill be read the Second time*

oil Thursday next.

The Address and Reasons of this House, to be preferited to his Majesty, being fair written, were this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, &c. That the Word " in*' be made "upon". Resolved, &c. That these Words, " and Religion established," be added after the Word " Uniformity."

Ordered, That Colonel Birch have Leave to bring in a Bill for sowing Flax and Hemp.

And then the House adjourned till Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

PoftMeridiem.

ffRdered, That the Committees appointed to fit Yesterday in the Afternoon, and this Afternoon, be adjourned till Thursday next, Two of the Clock of the Afternoon.

Ordered, That it be referred to Sir Wm. Lowther, to take special Care for preparing, and bringing in, the Bill for Maintenance of Ministers in Corporations, formerly referred to a Committee.

Mr. Speaker, and the Members of this House, accompanying him, according to his Majesty's Appointment, went, in a Body, to attend his Majesty, at the Banqueting-House in Whitehall, with the Address of Thanks, and Reasons for the Vote of Non-Indulgence, to be presented to his Majesty: And, being returned *,

Mr. Speaker reported. That the Answer his Majesty gave thereunto, was to this Effect; viz.

" That he gave us hearty Thanks for our many Thanks j that never any King was so happy in a House of Commons as he is in this; that the Paper and Reasons were long, and therefore he would take Time to consider of them, and fend us a Message; that we could never differ but in Judgment; and That must be when he did not rightly express himself, or we did not rightly understand him; but our Interest was so far linked together, that we could never disagree."

And then the House adjourned till Morning

next. Eight of the Clock.

Jovis, 50 Martiiy 150 Car. IIdu

Prayers.

r

A Petition of Thomas Jones Esquire, a Member of this House, was read.

Resolved, &c. That the said Petition be committed to Mr. Milward, Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir Fra. , Sir

John Shaw, Mr. Clifford, Mr. , Sir Hen.

Sir Edm: Peirce, Lord Gorge, Mr. Sir Lane.

I.ake, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Tho. , Sir Robert

Sir Wm. Lowther, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Devereux, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. , Mr. Jo.

Mr. Finch, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Wm. , Mr.

Sir Tho. Strickland 5 and all the Members of this House that serve for the County of Salop: And they are to meet at Two of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to call all Parties concerned (except the Lord Newport) before them: And fend for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as they shall find necessary: And to examine the Matter of the Petition; and make Report of it to the House, with what Speed they can.

A Bill for making navigable of the Rivers Mersey and

Weever, in the Counties of Chester and Lane after, was tills Day read the First time.

Resolved, &cc. That this Bill be read the Second time, on Monday next.

A Bill for the Incorporating of the Master and Wardens of the Company of Gro, London, to be Governors of the Free-School in Whitney in the County of Oxford, of the Foundation of Henry Box Esquire, Citizen and Grocer of London; and for the Settling of Lands and Possessions on that School, for the Maintenance thereof j was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Sir Fra. Goodrich, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir lien. Newton, Sir Wm. Fleetwood, Mr. Westfaling, Mr. Sir

Hen. Capell, Mr. Tulfe, Sir John Shaw, Sir Tho. Gower, Sir Robert Athyns, Mr, Dennis, Sir Norton, Lord Bruce, Sir Tho. Tompkins, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Hen. Bennet, Sir Lane. Lake, Lord Cornbury, Sir John Good-rick, Sir John Nicholas, Sir Edw. Moseley, Mr. Bold; and all the Members of this House that serve for the County of Oxford: And they are to meet at Two of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House then, according to the Order, made the One-and-twentieth of February last, proceeded to call over the House.

And there being a very great Appearance of Members; and Excuses being made, and allowed, for such as were absent, saving only Five or Six; the House also held it fit to excuse them also.

Ordered, That the Bill for veiling the Lands and Tenements of Cuthbert Morley in Richard Barret, and others, till they have received certain Monies due to them, appointed to be read the Second time this Day, be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Upon Information, That several Persons, that were not Members of the House, had Access given them by the Back-Door, to come into the Speaker's Chamber, and allb into the Gallery, whilst the House was fitting;

Ordered, That the Back-Door be constantly kept Unit, during such time as the House is fitting: And that the Serjeant at Arms do cake care thereof.

Ordered, That the Bill for Regulating of Corporations be referred to the Committee appointed to peruse the Bill of Uniformity with the other Bills; to take that Bill also into Consideration , and make Report thereof to the House: And they are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber, this Afternoon at Three of the Clock.

Ordered, That the additional Bill for Corporations, in the Hands of Sir Thomas Gower, be brought into this House Tomorrow Morning.

The Question being propounded. That Mr. Love, a Member of this House, have a Month's Time given him to receive the Sacrament, according to the Form prescribed in the Liturgy of the Church of; and to

bring Certificate thereof;

And the Question being put. That this Question be now put;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the main Question being put. That Mr. Love have a Month's Time given him to receive the Sacrament, according to the Form prescribed in the Liturgy of the Church of England; and to bring Certificate thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

V,

L

i$ Car. II. journals the

Veneris, 6° Mar 'tii, 150 Crzr. IIdi'

Prayers.

fjRdered, That Mr. Bennet have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

Ordered, That Sir Edmund Pooley have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

Ordered, That Mr. Goddard have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

Ordered, That Mr. Pepishave the Leave of this House

to go into the Country.

Ordered, That these Perlbhs following be added to the Committee, to which the Bill for Prevention of Stealing of Plate, Jewels; and Goldsmiths Wares; and also for Reformation of fundfy Inconvenienties in the Goldfiniths Trade; was committed; viz. Sir Rob. Mr. Seymour, Sir 3 'bo. Meres, Sir Tho. Sir John

fton, Sir Cha. Huffey, Sir Rich. , Sir Rich. Everard,

Sir Rich. Onslow, Colonel WancSir James Sir

John Lowe, Lord RichardsonSir Tho. , Sir Lane.

Lake; Mr. Jay, Sir Geo. Stonehouse.

A Bill for vetting the Lands and Tenements of bert Morley, in Richard BarretCatharine and Arthur Ingram, their Heirs and Assigns, till they have re-

ceived certain Monies due tihto them, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Sir Solomon Sir John Sir

Courtney Poole, Sir Edw. Walpoo Dr. , Lord Ri-

chardson, Mr. Kent, Sir Phil. M, Sir Edw. Mr. Butter, Sir John Duncomb, Sir Tho. , Colonel Whitley, Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir Hen. Mr.

Mr. Devereux, Colonel Gilby, Lord FanjhaWy Sir John Rouse, Mr. Goreing, Mr. W:ftfating, Sir Tho.

Mr. Higgons, Sir Hum. Winch, Mr. Cornwallis, Sir Tho. Gower; and all the Members that serve for the County of Yorke: And they are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber, Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon:

And to fend for Persons, Paper, and Records.

A Bill on the Behalf of John Newport Esquire, for making void a Fine, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, Scc. That there be a particular Committee appointed, to peruse, and take into Consideration, the Act for regulating Corporations: Viz. Sir John Goodrich, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Rob. Atkyns, Sir Tho. Gower, Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir Hen. North, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Knight,

Mr. Milward, Lord Fanshaw, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Phil.

Musgrave, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Clifford, Mr. Westfaling,

Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Courtney Poole, Mr. Torke, Sir John Newton, Mr. Wandesford, Mr. Newport, Mr. Roger Talbot, Mr. Strickland, Sir Jordan Crofland, Sir John Dun-combe, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Serjeant Dr.

Sir John Rouse, Mr. Devereux, Sir John Brampflon, Mr. Kent, Sir John Shaw, Sir Cha. Huffey, Sir Phil. Musgrave, Colonel Giles Strangwayes, Sir Tho. , Sir Tho.

Tomkins, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Geo. Probert, Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. Darcy, Mr. Lewis, Sir Metcalfe Robinson,

Mr. Scudamore, Sir Tho. Strickland, Mr. Musgrave: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to take into Consideration such Matters as shall be offered unto them, upon the said Act; and examine whether the same be defective, and wherein; and whether it be fit to have any Explanations or Amendments made thereto; and report their Opinions to the House: And they are impowered to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

House of Commons. 44

A Bill for settling Charitable Uses, appointed by John Guest, Was this Day read die First time.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read the Second time; oh Monday next.

A Petition of the Freeholders and Inhabitants of the Twenty-two Towns within the Soak of;

and of the Eight Towns of East Holland in Lincolnshire, was this Day read.

Resolved, See. That this Petition be cbhimltted to the Committee of Grievances; to take the same into Consideration; and report the Matter of Fast, and their Opinions thereupon, to this House.

Sir Robert Atkyns reports, from the Committee, appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill to hinder the further Growth of Popeiy, That the Committee had agreed upon some Heads and Votes, which they had directed to be offered to the Consideration of the House, in order to the preparing of a Bill: Which Heads and Votes he read in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

And the same were once read, and are as follows; viz.

1.That the Judges of Assize, and Justices of the Peace, be injoined to give in Charge, at all AlTizes and Sessions, the Laws against Recusants: And that all Judges of Assize, and Justices of the Peace, that shall omit to give in Charge at any Assizes or Sessions, the Acts of 23 Eliz. ca. i. of 3 Jac. ca. 4. and of 3 Jac. ca. 5. shall incurr a Penalty.

2. That all Churchwardens, under a Penalty, be required, against every Quarter-Sessions, to give in a List to the Constables, of the Names of all such Persons as shall not resort to their Parish Church, or not receive the Sacrament of the Lord's-Supper, as by Law is required: And that some Penalty be inflicted upon such Constables, as shall not present the Names of such Persons, for such Offence, at the next Assizes, or Quarter-Sessions.

3. That the Refusal of the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, or either of them, when tendered according to Law, shall be a legal Conviction of Recusancy: And that such Refusal, being'certified into the Exchequer, shall be a Ground for Process to issue out, as if the Party had been legally convicted of Popish Recusancy, according to the Laws now in Force.

4. That if any Person, of the Age of Sixteen! Years, of upwards, that hath, at any time, frequented the Protestant Churches, and professed the Protestant Religion, or received the Sacrament of Baptism, or of the Lord's Supper* according to the Liturgy of the Church of England, shall, at any time hereafter, forsake the Religion of the Church of England, and embrace the Doctrine of the Church of Rome, and be legally convict of Popish Recusancy, shall within one Year after such Conviction, depart this King'* dom; and, in default thereof, the next of Kin to such Person, being no Popish Recusant* shall have and enjoy the Lands of such Person until Conformity.

The First Head, being read the Second time;

Resolved, See. That this House doth agree with' the Committee, That this be one of the Heads of the Bill to be brought in, to hinder the Growth of Popery.

The Second Head waS read the Second time 5 and, upon the Question, agreed to be one of the Heads of the Bilk

the ThirdHead was read the Second time; and, upon the Question, agreed to be one of the Heads of the Bill.

The last Head was read the Second time; and debated.

Ordered, That it be referred back to the former Committee, or any FivC of them, to pefufe the Laws already riiade; and, upon the Heads agreed, the present Debate; and such other Matters as they shall find necessary to proceed, in preparing and bringing in a Bill to hinder th? Growth of Popery: And it is especially recommended to Sir Robert Atkyns; to take case thereof,

5 U Ordered,

44 6 Journals of the House of Commons. A. 1661.

Ordered, That all Committees formerly appointed, and that have discontinued, be revived , and do fit this Afternoon.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbati, y° Marti't, 150Car. IIdl*

Prayers.

THE House taking Notice of a scandalous printed Paper, that was delivered at the Door, to several Members, as they were passing into the House , and was published in the Name of one 'Thomas

Ordered, That the said Thomas Green be sent for, in Custody, to be examined touching the said scandalous Paper, and such Matters as the House shall think fit.

A Bill for Supply of several Defects in some Statutes heretofore made for the Benefit of Artificers and Handy-craftsmen was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time, on Tuesday next.

Ordered, That the Bill for Sale of Part of the Lands late of Richard and Anthony , in the County of Derby, be read the First time, on Monday Morning"next.

A Bill on the Behalf of John Newport Esquire, to make void a Fine, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be committed to Sir John Shaw, Sir Geo. Ryve, Sir Tho. , Serjeant nard, Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir Tho. , Mr.

Sir Edm. Peirce, Mr. Knight, Mr. Harbord, Sir John

Newton, Mr. Crouch, Sir Ralph Hare, Sir Phil. Mr. Fra. Finch, Mr. Flint, Sir Clifford Clifton, Sir Geo. How, Sir Rich. Onslow, Sir Fra. Goodrich, Dr. Arris, Mr. Gaudy, Mr. Devereux, Sir John Sir Wm.

Hickman, Mr. Jay, Sir Hen. , Sir

Sir Rich. Everard, Mr. Newport, Sir Rob. Brookeand

all the Members of this House that are of the Long Robe: And they are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber, on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

1 Sir Charles Harbord reports, from the Committee appointed to peruse the Act for regulating Corporations, several Particulars: Which, being in Writing, he read in his Place: And the same were as followeth;

1. Whether the Powers and Aftingsof the Commissioners, in Placing and Displacing of Officers and Members in Corporations, be subject to be over-ruled in the King's-. Bench, as the Act is penned.

2. And if lb, then, Whether it were the Meaning of the House it should be so: If not, then. Whether it be not fit to provide for the Quift of the Commflioners, and the Security of Persons placed by them, by another Bill for that Purpose.

3. Whether it be not fit to prevent the Inconveniencies arising to Corporations, by the better fort of the Members and Inhabitants evading the Offices and Services incident to their Places, by refusing, or not taking the Oaths, and subscribing the Declaration, and taking the Sacrament, according to the Act j and so leaving the Burden and Charge of the Government upon mean Men, not able to bear it.

Touching Dawson's Cafe, he opened the Writ, directed to the Commissioners, and also to the Aldermen and Chief Burgesses of the Borough of Richmond which was delivered to the Alderman: Who thereupon delivered up the Mace and Staff to Dawfonj and so put him in Possession of the Place of Alderman, from which the Commissioners had removed him, for just Cause, arising from before, and in the Time of 'War: And so this Writ is obeyed and executed by the Alderman, without the Commissioners NoticeY and will have no Return.

Whether the Commissioners, having executed the Commission, and left their Act, under their Hands and Seals, with the Alderman and Burgesses, may again put out Dawson -, and put in the Man they had formerly placed in his Room.

That they think it fit, that a Bill be prepared, to continue the Commissioners Power, for one Year more, to end 2 5. March 1664.

Which Particulars were, after, delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

And the same being read, and debated;

Resolved, &c. That the Matter, upon the Report, and present Debate, be re-Committed to the former Committee: And all the Gentlemen of this House that are of the Long Robe, are added to the Committee: And they are also to take into Consideration the Charge occasioned by issuing Writs of Mandamus out of the King's-Bench, on the Behalf of Persons displaced; and report their Opinion therein also to the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber, at Two of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, at Eight of the Clock.

— I

Lunce> 90 Martii, 15

Pray tas.

A Bill for settling and confirming certain Lands and Grounds drained and purchiafed by Sir Cornelius Vermuyden, and his Participants, lying in the Counties of Torke, Lincolne, and Nottingham, to and upon the Drainers and Purchasers thereof, their Heirs and Assigns, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir Wm. Lowther, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Giles Hungerford, Mr. Clifford, Sir Edm. Pye, Sir Ralph Hare, Lord Fanfhaw, Sir Tho. Dee, Colonel Windham, Sir Rictf. Francklyn, Mr. Wm. Harbord, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Gil Gerrard, Colonel Gilby, Sir Tho. , Sir Geo. Hun-

gerford, Sir Edm. Bowyer, Sir Wm. Hickman, Sir Cha. Huffey, Sir Edw^Walpoole, Sir John Shaw, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Westfaling, Lord Herbert of Ragl', Sir Tho. Allen,

Colonel Wanklyn, Sir Tho. Meres, Colonel Phillips, Sir Fra. Clarke, Mr. Potter, Mr. Bamham, Colonel Lord Gorges, Sir Rich. Temple, Sir Rich. Lloyd, Sir Tho. Dolman, Sir Rob. Atkyns, Sir R Sir Phil. Musgrave, Sir Rob. Bolles, Mr. Edw. Phillips, Colonel Rob. Phillips, Sir Rob. Howard, Mr. Chichley, Earl of Newburgh, Mr. Milward, Sir John Birkinhead, Colonel Whitley, Sir Rich. Brabam, Mr. Bold, Sir Solomon Swale; and all the Members of this House that serve for the Counties of Torke, Lincolne, and Nottingham: And all the Members of this House that shall come to the Committee, are to have Voices thereat: And they are to meet in the Exchequer-Chamber, Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon; and to summon and hear all Persons concerned , and to give them timely Notice to come in: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Thomas Meres reports, from the Committee, to whom the same concerning the Commitment of Mr. lamy, upon the Act of Uniformity, was referred, That the Committee had carefully peruled the Act; and also the Certificate of the Lord Bishop of London to the Lord Mayor of London; and the Warrant of the Lord Mayor thereupon by which Mr. Calamy was Committed; and also the Warrants by which he was released: And that, upon strict Examination of the whole Matter of Fast, concerning the late Commitment of Mr. Edmund Calamy, by the Right Honourable the Lord Mayor of the City of London; and upon mature 'Consideration of the late Act for Uniformity, Uc. upon the Points relating to the said Commitment i

It was Resolved, That the Committee did find, that Mr. Edmund Calamy was not released lor any Defect in the Act 3

Car. II. Journals of the House of Commons. 447

of Uniformity,: And that the Committee did not find any Defeat in the said Act.

Refolded, Sic. Nemine contract, That this House doth agree in Opinion with the said Committee, That Mr. Calarfty was not released for any Defect in the Act of Uniformity: And that they do not find any Defect in the said Act, upon the Points relating to the said Commitment.

A Bill for the Punishing of unlawful Cutters and Spoilers of Wood and Underwoods, and Destroyers of young Timber-Trees, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Sir Edm. Bowyer, Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir Rich. , Sir

John Rotife, Sir Hen. North, Lord Lord St.

Colonel IVindham, Mr. Jones, Sir Lane. , Lord

fhaw, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Rob. , Mr. Scudamore, Sir

Hugh IVindham, Colonel Gilby, Sir Cha. Berkley, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Sir John Covert, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir John

Duncombe, Sir Hen. Newton, Sir Tho. Tomkins, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir John Goodrich, Colonel Reames, Sir Tho. Gower, Lord Spencer, Mr. Higgons, Mr. Rich. Croke, Sir Temple, Mr. Croke, Mr. Oldfeild, Sir Haward, Sir Edm. Peirce, Mr. Ernley, Sir Tho. Proby, Mr. Chicbley, Mr. James, Sir Tho. Mompejfon, Sir Ralph Hare, Sir Phil. Musgrave, Mr. Moore, Sir Geo. Downing, Mr. wood, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Turgis, Mr. Aldworth: And they are to meet Tomorrow* in the Speaker's Chamber, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And also take Confederation of such as do cut and steal Com: And to make Provision for the fame, in this Bill: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Members of this House that serve for the County of Lancaster: And they are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber, on Wednesday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill to make Sale of some of the Lands of Richard and Anthony Seigniors* deceased, for Payment of some oi their Debts, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read the Second time, on Wednesday next.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Harbord have Leave to bring in a Bill, to take away the Power of making concurrent Leases, by Bishops and Churchmen.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Martisy 10 0 Martiiy 15 IId,‘

Prayers.

fJRdered, That it be referred to the Committee pointed to consider of the Act for Uniformity with other Acts, to peruse the Act for Confirmation of certain Decrees of Sewers, made by the Commissioners for the Limits of the Level of the River of Ancolne in the County of Lincolne-, a,nd to consider of the Defect alledged to be in the Proviso therein contained, concerning the Towns of Winterton and Bishops-Nor ton-, and to make Report

thereof to the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, this Day brought into the Upon Information, That Dr. August had served the House, concerning the Great Level of the Fens, called Tenants of Mr. Rigby, a Member of this House, with

Bedford Level, be read To morrow Morning. Declarations to try the Title cf certain Lands in the Pof-

session of Mr. Rigby, and intended to proceed to Trial . A Bill for making navigable the Rivers of Mersey and therein, next Assizes;

Weever, with the Rivulets running into the fame, lying Ordered, That the said Dr. August, his Counsel, At* in the Counties Palatine of Chester and Lancaster, was this torney, and Sollicitor, be injoined to flay all further Pro-

Day read the Second time. ceedings in the Action brought against the said Rigby,

Resolved, See. That the said Bill be committed to Sir during the Session of this present Parliament,

Roger Bradshaigh, Sir John Birkinhead, Sir Cha. Harbord,

Sir Bain.Throckmorton, Sir JVm. Lowther. Sir Gilb. Ger- A Bill to make the Lessee prove his Lives in being rard. Sir Tho. Allen, Lord Herbert, Sir Chichester Wray, was this Day read the First time.

Sir Tho. Tomkins, Mr. Knight, Sir Hen. North, Sir John Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time Holland, Sir Cha. Berkley fen'for^ Mr. Gaudy, Sir Clifford on Thursday next.

Clifton, Lord St. John, Sir Tho. Lee, Lord Ancram, Sir

Edw. Maffey, Lord Gorges, Mr. Weflfaling, Sir Tho. Gower, A Bill for preventing Sea-Breaches, and draining certain

Sir Edw. Wtilpoole, Lord Fanfhaw, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Sey- Fen-Grounds, in the County of Norfolke, was this Day mour. Sir Rich. Oatley, Mr. Cornwallis, Lord Buckhurst, read the Second time.

Sir John Shaw, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Vice-Chamberlain, Sir The Question being put, That the Bill be committed

Rich. Browne, Sir Wm. Lewis, Sir Hen. Newton, Mr. It passed in the Negative.

Strickland, Sir Rich. Braham, Sir Wm. Compton, Sir Cha. The Question being put, That the Bill be ingrossed

Berkley junior. Sir Edm. Peirce, Major-Gfeneral Eger ton. It passed in the Negative.

Mr. How, Sir Anth. Cope, Mr. Jolly, Sir Hen. Felton, Sir CicillWyche, Sir John Goodrick, Sir Tho. Fanfhaw, Mr. A Bill for making navigable the River of Owfc, in the

Devereux, Sir Solomon Swale, Serjeant Charlton, Lord Falk- County of Bedford, was this Day read the First time.

land. Lord Cornbury, Colonel Leg, Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. &c. That this Bill be read the Second time,

Ernley, Sir John Shaw, Mr. Higgons, Sir Tho. Smith, Sir on Friday next.

Rob. Long, and all the Members of this House that

serve for the Counties Palatine of Chester and Lancaster: Ordered, That the Bill to fepeal the Act for a Trion-

And they are to meet in the Exchequer-Chamber, To- nial Parliament be brought in, and read Tomorrow morrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to Morning, fend for Persons, Papers, and Retords.

A Bill to inlarge the Power of the Law Martial in his A Bill for the Settling several Charitable Gifts of John Majesty's Fleet was this Day read the First time.

Guefl was this Day read the Second time. Resolved, See. That this Bill be read the Second time,

Resolved, See. That this Bill be committed to Sir Ro- Dn Friday next. ger Bradshaigh, Sir Wm. Lowther, Mr. Crouch, Mr. West-

faling, Sir Rich. Oatley, Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. Knight, Sir Ordered, That the Bill concerning the Great Level of Cha. Harbord, S\r Wm. Tompson. Sir Adrian Scroope, Sir the Fens* called Bedford Level, be read on Monday next. Tho. Allen, Mr. Seymour, Sir Ralph Hare, Sir Anth. Cope,

Lord Falkland, Mr. Secretary Bennet, Sir Edm. Peirce, Sir Ordered, That these Persons following be added to the Tho. Tomkins, Sir Wm. Compton, Sir John Shaw, Lord Committee, appointed to prepare Sumptuary Laws, and

Herbert, Mr. Croke, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Thomas, Mr. San-prevent encroaching upon Trade, by the French, dys. Sir Clifford Clifton, Sir Phil. Warwick,- Mr. SoIIicf- and other Foreigners; Sir Downing, Mr. -for-General, Mr Birch, Mr. Hungerford, and all the' Colonel Rob inf on. Sir John Sir Moseley,

\ - Sir

448 Journals of the House of Commons. A. i66z.

Sir Courtney Poole, Mr. Low, Mr. Mr. Woiler,

My. Vaughan, Sir Tho. LittletonMr. Vice-Chamberlain,

Sir John Holland, Colonel Str, Sir Fm. Goci-

n<T, Mr. Daniel!, Mr. Scawen, Colonel Mr.

Crouch, Sir ChichejleY Wray: And all the Members of this House, that come to the Committee, are to have Voices: And they are also impowered to receive Proposals, and consider of such Expedients, as may be effectual for the Regaining and Advance of Trade; and to prepare a Bill or Bills for that Purpose.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

several other Petitions from the Clothiers of several Counties, which were delivered in this Day; and also such. other Petitions of like Nature, concerning the Clothing-Trade, as shall be exhibited before them: And to receive such Addreftes and Propofols as they shall find effectual, for the Regaining and Advance of the Clothing-Trade; and report the fame* with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Ordered, That the Bill concerning the Poor of be read Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 11° Martiiy 150 Car. IP*.

Prayers.

r\Rdered, That Sir John Shaw have tire Leave of this House to go into the Country.

Sir Charles Harbord reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for the Punishment of unlawful Cutters and Carriers away of Wood arid Underwood was committed, several Amendments to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Which Amendments were read the First time: And the Five first Amendments, being read the Second time, were, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

The Sixth Amendment, being to leave out these Words,

" then shall suspect," in the Seventh Line of the Fourth Folio, was read the Second time.

The Question being put, To agree with the Committee in This Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The rest of the Amendments, unto the Amendment to the Eighth Line of the Eighth Folio, were read the Second time; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

The Amendment to the Eighth Line of the Eighth Folio being read the Second time; and agreed to be amended and, being accordingly amended at the Table; it was, upon the Question, agreed to.

The last Amendment was read the Second time; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrafted.

1

- A Petition, in the Name of the Clothiers of England,. Was this Day read.

Resolved, &c. That the said Petition be committed to a particular Committee viz. Mr. , Sir John

ston, Sir Clifford Clifton, Mr. , Sir Hum.

Mr. Sollicitor-General, Sir Tho. LSir fey. Colonel Windham, Mr. Sir Cha. Berkley

senior. Sir Edw. Moseley, Sir Rich. , Sir Bain.

Throckmorton, Mr. King, Sir John Rouse, Sir Colonel Gilby, Sir Rob. Atkyns, Sir John Sir

Tho. Gower, Mr. Tho. Jones, Mr. Ernley, Sir Courtney Poole, Sir Fra. Lawley, Sir Cha. Berkley junior. Sir Geo. Downing, Sir Nic. Crispe, Sir Wm. Lewis, Sir Rich. Everard, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Tho. Peyton, Sir Tho. Blud-Worth, Sir Norton KnatchbullSir John Goodrich, Mr. Aldworlh, Mr. Jones, Sir Rich. Mr. Trelawney, Mr. Edw. Bofcowen, Mr. Darcy, Sir John Torke, Sir Geo. Stonehouse, Mr How, Serjeant ChSir

Sir James Smith, Sir Edw. Masters, Mr. Devereux, Mr. Jay, Mr. Dowdfwell, Sir Wm. Lowther, Colonel Reames,

Sir Robert Holt, Mr. Westfaling, Sir John Norton, Mr. Finch, Mr. Clifford, Sir Rich. Ford, Mr. Seymour, Sir Tho. Dolman, Mr. Bofcowen, Sir Geo. Sends, Sir John Tal-bot, Mr. Edw. Phillips: And all the Members of this House, that come to the Committee, are to have Voices thereat: And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And to take into Confederation the Petition now read; and the

JovtSi 120 Martii, 150 Car. 11*'.

Prayers.

(JRdered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for better Observation of the Lord's Day, and the Committee to whom the Bill against Pluralities is referred, be revived; and do fit this Afternoon.

A Bill for Naturalization of A and others, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time on Monday next.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee appointed to peruse the Act for Highways, and other Acts, to consider of the Act for Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom; and to fee whether there be a sufficient Power therein for to charge a Tax for Relief of the Poor; arid whether they find it fit to make any Additions or Amendments to the Bill; and make Report to the House, what Amendments or Additions they think fit to be made thereto.

Ordered, That the Bill for repairing the Streets and Highways in and about London and Westminster be referred to the Committee appointed to peruse the Bill for Highways, and other Bills: And that these Persons following be ad, ded to the Committee viz. Mr. John Ashburnham, Sir John Denham, Mr. Waller, Sir Tho. Ingram, Sir Rob. Howard, Sir John Duncombe, Sir Geo. Downing, Sir John

Morton, Sir Bain. Throckmorton, Mr. Westfaling, Sir Edm. Bowyer, Mr. George, Mr. Reames, Sir Tho. Gower, Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Lane. Sir John Covert, Mr. Graham, Mr. Oneale, Mr. Glascock, Sir Rich. Onslow, Sir Rich. Browne, Mr. Whorwood, Mr. James, Mr. Morgan, Sir John Newton, Mr. Dowdfwell, Sir Rob. Holt, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Geo. Cartwright, Mr. Greenvile, Mr. Hungerford, Sir Geo. Probert, Mr. Pryn, Sir Cha. Huffey, Sir Geo. Ryve: And all the Members of this House, that come to the said Committee, are to have Voices thereat: And they are hereby impowered to make Sub-Committees and to report to the House such Amendments, Additions, or Explanations, as they shall think fit to be made to any of the Acts which are referred to their Consideration: And to expedite their Report upon the Act concerning Highways, and the Act for repairing the Streets and Highways in and about London and Westminster.

Ordered, That the several Knights of the Shire, or, in their Absence, the Burgesses, that serve for such Counties as have not made Return of the Monies which are, by Act of the last Session of Parliament, to be distributed amongst the indigent loyal Officers; and such Counties as have not returned a List of the Offices to be assessed by the said Act, for the said Officers further Supply; do write their Letters to the Sheriffs, and other Officers concerned, to quicken the Receipt and Return of the Monies; and also to speed the Return of the Lift of the Officers; and to make Report of their Proceedings therein to the

44 9

Car. II. Journals of the House of Commons:

A Petition was this Day read, presented in the Name of the truly loyal and indigent Commission-Officers, that have faithfully served the Royal Interest throughout the whole Course of the late Rebellion.

Resolved, &c. That a Committee be appointed, to consider of the said Petition*, and also the Act for distri-budng the Sixty thousand Pounds, and assessing Offices, for the loyal indigent Commission-Officers; and to peruse the Certificates returned concerning the said Offices; and receive Information touching the fame; and consider, whether there are any Officers admitted as indigent, which are not so , and whether any be allowed Officers in a higher Degree than they served *, or whether any be allowed, which revolted from their Loyalty: Lord

Bruce, Sir Wm. Compton, Colonel Lord

Falkland., Colonel Fretchvile, Colonel , Sir John Goodrick, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Tho. , Sir IVm.

ther, Sir Cha. Hujjey, Mr. , Sir Geo.

Lord Fanfhaw, Sir John HollSir John , Sir

James Smith, Sir Tho.Tomkins, Sir John , Sir

Cope, Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. CuMr. , Sir

Edm. Peirce, Sir Duncombe, Sir 2hi/». Throckmorton,

Mr. Thomas, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Nicolas , Sir

Strickland, Sir G<?0. Cartwr, Sir Adrian

Sir B irk inhead. Colonel Major-General

Egerton, Sir Tho. Gower, Colonel Gilby, Mr. Heywood, Sir Tho. Stewkley, Sir 7Fanfhaw,

Gorge, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Mr. Newport, Sir P/W. grave, Mr. Clifford, Sir Robert Howard, Mr. Hollis, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Higgons, Sir Cha. Harbord, Mr. Barnaby, Mr. Westfaling, and all the Members of this House, that have been Commission-Officers in the Service of his now Majesty, or his Royal Father: And they are to meet in the Star-Chamber, on Saturday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon*, and report their Proceedings and Opinions to the House.

A Bill to prevent the Growth of Popery, and Increase of the Number of Recusants, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time on Tuesday next.

A Bill for Relief of the Poor of Enfeild Chace was this Day read die First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time on Saturday next.

Ordered, That the Bill for apportioning Rents, and preventing concurrent Leases by Bishops and Clergymen, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill for the Increase of the Maintenance of Ministers in Cities, Towns-Corporate, and Market-Towns, be read the First time Tomorrow Morning.

The House taking into Debate an Address proposed to be made to the King's Majesty, to issue a Proclamation, to command all Priests and Jesuits, especially English, Scots, and Irish, to depart the Kingdom by a Day;

Ordered, That the further Debate of this Matter be adjourned till Tuesday next.

Ordered, That Mr. Clifford, Sir Onslow, Mr.

Hollis, and Mr. Thurland, and all the Members of this House that serve for the Counties of Torke, Lincolne, and Nottingham, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for veiling the Lands and Tenements of Cuthbert Morley in Richard Barret, Catharine Chute, and Arthur Ingram, their Heirs and Assigns, till they have received certain Monies due to them, was committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Venerif 130 Murtii, 15" Car, Hd‘.

Prayers.

A Bill for the Explaining and Inlarging an Act made in the Three-and-fortieth Year of Queen,

for Relief of the Poor, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be read the Second time on Monday next.

A Petition of divers distressed Hackney Coachmen* and Widows of Coachmen, in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Bills of Mortality, was this Day

read.

Resolved, See. That the said Petition be committed to Mr. Hungerford, Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir IVm. Lowther, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Hen. Newton, Sir John Denham, Mr. Morice, Sir John , Sir Tho.

Gower, Mr. Reames, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir John Sir Rich.Braharn, Sir John Birkinhead, Sir Rich.

rard, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Clifford, Mr. Sir Roger

Bradshaigh, Sir Phil.Warwick, Lord Sir

John Morton, Mr. Birch, Mr. Churchill, Mr.

And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber, at Two of the Clock: And to fend for Persons. Papers, and Records: And to examine the Matter of the Peti.ion s and to make Report of it to the House.

Ordered, That the Petition of several Commission-Officers Widows, whole Floffiands were flain in the Service of his Majesty, and his Royal Father, be read Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for Sale of Part of the Lands of Richard and Anthony Seignior, in the County of Derby, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill be committed to Colonel Fretchvile, Sir Bain. Throckmorton, Svc IVm. Lowther, Mr. Knight, Sir Rich.Oatley, Sir John Sir Tho.

Gower, Sir Hen. North, Mr. Hungerford, Sir Cha. Harbord, Mr. Allefiry, Sir John Talbot, Colonel Whitley, Mr. Aldworth, Sir Robert Holt, Mr. Price, Sir Tho. Tomkins, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. WeJIfalSir Mujgrave,

Mr. Coventry, Mr. Higgons, Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. Clifford, Sir Adrian Scroope, Mr. Crouch, Sir John Cary, Mr. Roger Vaughan, Mr. Scudamore, Sir Sol. Swale, Mr. Morice, Sir Edw. Moseley, and all the Members of this House that serve for the Counties of and Stafford: And they are to meet in the Exchequer-Chamber, Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill to prevent the Abuses in Silk-dying was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill be rej cited.

Ordered, That the particular Committee, appointed to prevent Incroachments in Trade, do consider of the present Debate, touching the Abuses in the heavy Dying of Silk: And are to receive such Proposals as shall be made for Remedy thereof*, and report the Matter, and their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Bill to inlarge the Power of the Law Martial, in Iris Majesty's Fleet, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Coventry, S\r Geo. Cartwright, Sir IVm. Compton, Sir Duncombe, Mr. Birch, Sir John Goodrick, Sir Cha. Harbord, Mr. Treasurer, Mr. Newport, Sir Robert Atkyns, Colonel Fretchvile, Mr. Clifford, Sir Tho. Gower, Mr. Wefifaling, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Edw. Walpoole, Mr. Gar-way, Sir Rowland Berkley, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Scot, Mr. Knight, Mr. Mountague, Colonel Strangwayes, Mr. Chet-wyn. Lord Vaughan, Sir John Birkinhead, Dr. Burwett, Sir Edm. Peirce, Mr. Jones, Mr. Finch, Sir Throckmorton, Sir Hen. North, Sir Rich. Oatley, Lord Mr. Spencer, Serjeant Charlton, Sir John Newton, Mr. 5 X Higgons,

Higgons, Mr. Roger VaughanSir John TColonel Progers, Serjeant Maynard, Sir Tho. , Mr. Trelawney, Mr. Ernley, Sir IVm. Lewis: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Sollicitor-General, Serjeant Charlton, Mr. Mountague, Sir Rich. Temple, Serjeant Maynard, Sir Rob. Atkyns, Mr. Vaughan, or any Three of them, do withdraw, and pernfe the Commission for swearing the Members of this House; and report, whether the same be (till in Force.

Serjeant Maynard reports, from the said Committee, That they had perused the said Commission: And that they were of Opinion, That the same was in being.

A Bill to make the Lessee prove the Lives in Being, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved,&c. That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Crouch, Sir Edm. Peirce, Sir Rich. Temple, Mr. Mountague, Sir Robert Atkyns, Mr. Sollicitor-General, Serjeant Charlton, Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir John Sir Hen.

North, Mr. Pryn, Colonel Strangwayes, Mr.

Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Higgons, Mr. Mr. Bof-

cowen, Mr. Trelawney, Sir Clifford Clifton, Lord St. John, Sir John Talbot, Mr. Seymour, Sir Tho. Tomkins, Mr. Dowdfwell, Mr. Whorwood, Sir Hen. Capell, Sir John Co-

vert, Sir Lane. Lake, Colonel Windham, Dr.

Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Edw. Walpoole, Sir Wm. Lowther, Mr. Chetwyn, Sir Tho. Gower, Sir Wm.

Strode, Sir Anth. Cope, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Clifford, Sir Courtney Poole, Sir John Birkin Sir Strickland,

Mr. Strangwayes, Sir Rich. Oatley, Mr. Birch, Mr. naby, Mr. Daniell, Sir Wm. Lewis, Mr. Elliot, Sir

Swale, Sir John Newton: And they are to meet, on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Sir John Newton, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Mu [grave. Colonel Robinson, Colonel Whitley, Mr. Burnaby, Sir Metcalfe Robinson, be added to the

Committee, to whom the Bill for settling the charitable Uses of John Guejl is committed.

Ordered, That the Bill for sowing Hemp and Flax be read the First time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the Floufe adjourned till Tomorrow Morn-jjig, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbat iy 14.0 Martiiy 150 . ir*.

Prayers.

A Bill to enable Edward Challoner Esquire to settle Lands for the Provision of Anne his Wife, and his younger Children, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be read again the Second time on T\uefday next.

A Bill for the Poor of Endfeild Chace was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Morice, Sir Cha. Huffey, Sir Wm. ther. Sir John Holland, Sir Tho. Proby, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Fane, Sir Rob.Howard, Colonel Phillip, Sir Tho. Allen, Colonel Reames, Sir Rich. Franklyn, Mr. Mountague, Sir Tho. Gower, Mr. Whorwood, Mr.

Mr. Vaughan, Sir Anth. Cope, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Wren, ' Sir Cha. Harbord, Mr. Chetwyn, Sir Tho. Dike, Sir Hen. North, Mr. Finch, Sir Maurice Berkley, Mr.

Dr. Burwell, Sir John Shaw, Dr. Arris, Sir

head, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Cornwallis, Sir John Cotton, Mr. Mallett, Mr. Whittaker, Mr. Buller, Mr. Knight, Sir Clifford Clifton, Mr. Clifford, Mr. y-

mer, Mr. Dennis, Sir John Goodrick, Sir Rich. Brabatn, Mr. Scawen, Sir John Tirrell, Sir John Frederick, Sir* John Newton, Sir Bain. Throckmorton, Sir Rob. Atkyns, Mr. Jay, Colonel Sandys. Sir Ralph Hare, Sir John Dun-combe, Colonel Whitley, Mr. Isaac Lloyd: And they are to meet, in the Speaker's Chamber, on Wednesday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to summon and hear Mr. Roger Langley, and all other Persons concerned: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records*

A Petition of the Commission-Officers Widows, whole Husbands fell in the Service of his Majesty, and his Royal Father, was this Day read.

Resolved, &c. That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to which the Matter touching the indigent Commission-Officers is committed; to take the Petition, and such Proposals as shall be made for the Petitioners Relief, into Consideration , and report their Opinions thereupon to the House.

A Bill for settling the Work of Draining of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, was this Day read the First time.

Another Bill, concerning the said Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, was this Day allb read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That both the said Bills, concerning the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, be read again the Second time on Wednesday next.

A Bill for Increase of Maintenance of Ministers in Cities, Towns-Corporate, and Market-Towns, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be read the Second time on Monday next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 16° Martiiy 150 Car, Hdl.

Prayers.

jBraham Didier did, this Day, take the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, before Mr. Speaker, at the Clerk's Table, in order to his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Mr. Bagnall, a Member of this House, have the Leave of this House to be absent for Three Months, about his Occasions abroad.

A Bill for the Naturalizing of Abraham , and others, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Sir John Morton, Sir Tho.Allen, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Lane.

Lake, Sir Clifford Clifton, Mr. Clifford, Sir John,

Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Phillips, Sir Edw. , Sir

Rob. Long, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Tho. Bludworth, Dr. Burwell, Sir Rich. Braham, Sir Cha. Harbord, Mr. Dennis, Mr. Steward, Sir Wm. Batten, Sir Tomkins, Mr. Turgis, Sir Tho. Gower, Sir Phil. Warwick, Lord St. John, Mr. Barnaby, Sir Rob. Atkyns, Mr. Morice, Sir Cha. Berkley, Sir Geo. Hungerford, Mr. Sprye, Sir John Denham, Sir Tho. Dike, Mr. Jay, Sir Sir

John Birkinhead, Sir Tho. Meres: And they are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber, Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Committee, to which the Petition of the Hackney-Coachmen was committed, be revived: And they are to fit this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Place formerly appointed.

Mr. Dennis reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for the Incorporating of the Matter and Wardens of

the

I Car. II. Journals of the

the Company of Grocers of L, to be Governors of the Free-School in Whitney, in the County of of the Foundation of Henry Box Esquire, Citizen and Grocer of London, and for the Settling of Lands and Possessions on That School, for the Maintenance thereof, was committed, several Amendments to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

And the several Amendments, unto the Amendment in the Tenth Line of the Sixth Page, were read the Second time; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Amendment to the Tenth line of the Sixth Page, being to insert these Words, " hot having formerly taken the said Oaths," was read the Second time.

The Question being put* To agree to That Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The rest of the Amendments were read the Second time; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

Resolved, See. That this Bill, with the Amendments and Alterations agreed to, be ingrafted.

Sir Thomas Tompkins reports, from the Committee tp Which the Bill for Sale of Part of the Lands late of Richard and Anthony Seignior, in the County of was

committed. That the Committee had heard all Parties, and carefully perused the Bill; and found no Cause to taiake any Alteration or Amendment thereto.

Resolvedt &c. That the said Bill be ingrafted.

A Bill for Supply of several Defeats of some Statutes, heretofore made, for the Benefit of Artificers and Han-dicraftsmen, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to the Committee for Trade.

Mr. Secretary Motice reports a Message from his Majesty, in Writing: Which he delivered to Mr. Speaker: And the same was twice read , and was as followeth:

TTlS Majesty is unwilling to inlarge upon the Address lately made to Him by His House of Commons, or to reply to the Realons; though He finds what He had laid much misunderstood: But renews His hearty Thanks to them, for their Expressions cf so great Duty and Affection; and for their free Declaration, "That, if any Person shall presume to disturb the Peace of the Kingdom, they will for ever, and in all Occasions, be ready, with their utmost Endeavours and Assistance, to adhere to, and serve His Majesty And doth very heartily desire them so to enable Him, and to put the Kingdom into such a Posture, as, if any Disturbance, or fedkious Designs, arise, they may be easily suppressed.

Resolved, See. That the humble Thanks of this House be returned to the King's Majesty, for his gracious Mef-sage to this House. And such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty's Honourable Privy Council, are to present the Thanks of this House to his Majesty.

Resolved, &c. That this House do, on Wednesday next, take into Consideration the Matter of the King's Majesty's Revenue, and the Militia; and proceed therein, alternis vicibus, de die in diem.

Ordered, That the Members of this House, appointed to return the Thanks of this House to his Majesty, do acquaint his Majesty, That the House, in pursuance of his Majesty's Message, had appointed next to

take his Majesty's Revenue, and also the Militia for the Preservation of the Peace of the Kingdom, into Com sideration, de die in diem* alternis Visibus.

House of Commons.

4?»

A Bill for the Increase of the Maintenance of Mini4 fters in Cities, Towns-Corporate, and Market-Towns, was this Day read the Second time.

The Question being put, That this Bill be committee^ to a Committee of the whole House;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Sir John T

Sir Clifford , Sir John D

Mr. Newton

f Tellers for the Yeas :7 >► I With the Yeas, $ fTellers for the Noes:'

I With the Noes, }

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved See. That this House do resolve into a Committee of the whole House, on Friday next, to take the said Bill into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Bill, for defining what Mines shall be deemed and taken for Mines Royal, be read To-mor* row Morning.

Ordered, That Sir W*m. H, Colonel Sir

Tho, Strickland, Colonel Robinson. Mr. Mr. Bag*

nail, Sir Gilb. Gerfard, Mr. Strickland, and Mr. Talbot,

be added to the Committee to whom the Two Bills concerning Rogues and Vagabonds is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Martis, i j° Mart, 150 Car. II*1.

Prayers.

PEter Beufenear, William and Mary,

did, this Day, take the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, before Mr. Speaker, at the Clerk's Table* in order to their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Majfey have the Leave of this House to go into Ireland.

A Bill to enable Edward ChaUoner Esquire to makp ProVifion for his Wife, and younger Children, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill be committed to Sit Richard Ingoldsby, Sir fVm. Lowther, Sir Rob.

Mr. Westfaling, Sir John Norton, Sir Clifford Clifton, Sir John Shaw, Sir Rich. Oatley, Mr. Crouch, Sir Bain. Throckmorton, Sir Geo. Clarke, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. -gerford. Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Wm. Smith, Sir Tho. Allen, Sif Geo. Probert, Colonel Gilby, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Edw. JValpoole, Sir Nich. Steward, Sir John Colonel

Phillips, Mr. Edw. Phillips, Sir Geo. Ryve, Mr. Ambrose Pudsey, and all the Members of this House that serve for the County of Yorke:And they are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber, Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the ^.fternoon: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Recodis.

A Bill, to define what Mines shall be deemed and adjudged to be Mines Royal, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, Sec. That this Bill be read again the Second time on Saturday next.

A Bill for explaining and inlarging an Act made concerning the Poor was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Cud Bill be committed to Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Tho. Lee, Mf. WeJlfaling, Sir Edm. Peirce, Sir Tho. JViddrington, Mr. Torke, Sir Geo. -bert. Sir Geo. Clarke, Mr. Crouch, Sir Edw. Mctfiers, Mr. Culleford, Sir Rich. Oatley, Mr. Scudamore, Sir Fra. Law ley, Mr. Barnham, Mr. Mr. Newport, Co-

lonel Gilby, Mr. Fane, Sir Hen. Newton, Mr. Knight, Sir John Norton, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Wm. Lowther, Dr. Burwell, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Rob. Atkyns, Sir Clifford Clifton, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Phillips, Mr. , Mr. West,

' Mr.

Mr. Lowther, Sir Chichester WColonel Z>£, Sir

Fredrick, Sir Ciw. Harbord, Sir Ud/». Throckmorton, Sir

Tho. Dike, Sir Tho. Gower: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock, in the Exchequer-Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir William Coventry reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for inlarging the Power of the Law Martial, in his Majesty's Fleet, was committed, several Amendments to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

And the Amendments being twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to,

A Proviso was tendered to be added to the Bill: Which was twice read.

The Question being put. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed,

It passed in the Negative.

Mr. Secretary Morice reports, That he had a Message to deliver from his Majesty, in Answer to an Address made by this House to his Majesty at the last Session: Which, being in Writing, he delivered to Mr. Speaker: Which was as followeth:

XT 7" Kereas, by an Order, of the Nineteenth of May last,

Our House of Commons did humbly recommend it unto Us, to take care for the Preservation of the Level of the Fens, called Lyndfey Level *, and did make it their humble Request unto Us, to give Ourself tile Trouble of caliir.g all Parties concerned before Us, and of hearing their several Claims and Interests: We did accordingly cause Summons to be given to all Parties, for their Appearance at Our Council-Board: Where We heard what was alledged by each Party: And, conceiving that the Matters in Difference might be brought to some Accommodation, We required a Committee of Our Council to endeavour it: By whole Report We are given to understand, that, through the Averseness of some Persons concerned, nothing hath been effected: Wherefore, out of Our Desire, that so good and beneficial a Work may not fall to the Ground, We have thought fit to return it back into your Hands , with Our special Recommendation, That Our House of Commons take speedy and effectual Care to put the said Business into such a Way, that the foresaid Level may not be destroyed, lo great Charges and Expences call: away, nor the Commonwealth receive such a Damage, as is likely otherwise to ensue.

And the same being read; *

A Bill was delivered in for the Draining of the Level of the Fens in Lincolneftdre, called Lyndfey Leval

Ordered, That the Bill for Draining of the Level of the Fens, called Lyndfey Level, be read on Tuesday next.

A Bill to hinder the Growth of Popery, and the Increase of the Number of Popish Recusants, was this Day read the Second time.

' Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Sir Rob. Atkyns, Sir Hum. Bennett, Sir Wm. Morice, Mr. Coventry, Sir Edw. Walpoole, Sir Rob. Holt, Sir Bain.

Throckmorton, Sir John Duncombe, Mr. West, Mr. Waller, Sir John Denham, Colonel Sir Edm. Peirce,

Sir Hen. Newton, Mr. Culleford, Mr. Sollicitor-General,

Sir John Coriton, Mr. Crouch, Sir Courtney Poole, Mr. George, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir John Talbot, Lord Fanfhaw, Sir John Newton, Colonel Strangwayes. Sir Rich. Temple, Sir Wm. Hickman, Lord Herbert, Mr. Mr. Clif-

ford, Sir Wm. Compton, Mr. Vaughan, Serjeant Charlton, Mr. Roger Vaughan, Sir Hen. North, Mr. Morgan, Sir Cha. Berkley, Sir Hen. Bennett, Sir Chichester Wray. Lord

Ancram, Sir Jordan Crojland, Lord Vaughan, Mr. Barnaby, Mr. Bofcowen, Sir John Fredrick, Mr. Lewis, Sir John Goodrick, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Knight, Sir Rob. , Mr. Dowdfwell, Sic John Nicholas, Mr. Gaudy, Sir Wm.

Fleetwood, Lord Bruce, Sir Ralph Hare, Sir Hum. , Sir Edw. Wife, Mr. Whorwood, Lord Richardson, Mr. Jay, Sir Phil. Mujgrave, Sir Tho. Gower, Dr.

Sir Tho. Lee, Lord Spencer: And all the Members of this House, that come to the Committee, are to have Voices thereat: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, &c. That his Majesty, having most graciously declared his Zeal for the Prevention of the Growth of Popery, be humbly desired to issue out his Proclamation, to command all Jesuits, and all Irish, and

Scotch Popish Priests, and all such other Priests as have taken Orders from the See of Rome, or by Authority thereof (except such Foreign Jesuits or Priests as, by Contraft of Marriage, are to attend die Person of either of the Queens, or, by the Law of Nations, to attend Foreign Ambassadors), to depart this Kingdom by a Day.

Resolved, &c. That the Concurrence of the Lords be desired to this Vote.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Mercuriiy 18° Martii^ 15a Car. II4*.

Prayers.

QRdered, That the Bill, to which the Bill for the better Observation of the Lord's Day was committed, be revived; and do fit this Afternoon at Two of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Committee, to which the Bill for naturalizing Abraham Didier, and others, be revived and do fit this Afternoon at Two of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Committees, which should have fat Yesterday in the Afternoon, be revived; and do fit this Afternoon at Two of the Clock.

Ordered, That Mrs. Ursula Vaughan, Thomas Butcher her Lessee, John Holland her Attorney, anti Thomas Carter her Ejeftor, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House; to answer the Breach of Privilege objected against them, in causing Declarations in Actions of Fjeftment to be delivered to Edward Grubb, and other Tenants of Mr. Barnaby, a Member of this House, to try the Title of certain Lands to him belonging in the County of Hereford; and proceeding to Judgment and Execution therein, since the Session of this Parliament, and after Notice was given them that Mr. Barnaby was concerned in the Title of the said Lands: And that the said Mrs. Vaughan, her Attornies, Sollicitor, and all Persons concerned, be injoined to stay all further Proceedings, touching the Lands in Question, during the Session of this Parliament.

Ordered, That the Names of Charlotte Hejfcit Killigrew Wife of Thomas Killigrew Esquire, Groom of his Majesty's Bedchamber; Charles Killigrew, Thomas,

and Robert Killigrew, their Sons; be inferred into the Bill for Naturalizing.

A Bill to enable Elizabeth the Relict of David Ramcge to fell certain Lands, devised to be sold by the last Will and Testament of the said David Ramage, for Payment of Debts and Legacies to younger Children, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for restoring Henry Vaughan Esquire to several Sums of Money, deceitfully gotten from him by John Allured, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved,

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for Settling the Draining of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, was this Day read the Second time.

Another Bill, for Settling the Draining of the said Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, was allb read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That both the fad Bills be committed to Sir Hen. North, Mr. Pryn, Lord Sir Rich.

Onslow, Mr. Jones, Sir John Holland, Sir Wm. Lewis, Lord Herbert, Sir Hum. Winch, Lord Richardson, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Morice, Sir Tho. Sir Tho.

Sir Edw. Walpoole, Sir Norton Knatchbull, Sir Cha.

fey. Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Ralph Hare, Sir Wm. Compton, Mr. Geo. Mountague, Sir Anth.Cope, Mr. King,- Sir John Goodrich, Colonel Reames, Mr. Westfaling, Mr. Price, Mr. Chicbley, Serjeant Maynard, Lord Sir Tho.

Meres, Mr. Wm.Coventry, Colonel Sandis, Lord Gorge,

Sir Tho. Wendy, Mr. How, Sir Geo. Sir Allen

Apjley, Mr. Seymour, Sir Tho. Mompeffon, Mr. Crouch, Lord Buckburjl, Sir James Smith, Mr. Tho. Coventry, Mr. Pleadwell, Sir Wm. Fleetwood, Sir Wm. Smith, Mr. Sandis, Sir Geo. Ryve, Sir John Talbot, Serjeant . ton, Mr. Birch, Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. Bockland, Mr. Wm. Sandis, Mr. Stafford, Sir Ralph Bankes, Mr. Roger ' Vaughan, Sir Edm. Peirce, Sir Rob. Howard, Sir Rich. Temple, Sir Geo. Downing, Sir Lowther: And all the Members of this House, that shall come to the Committee, to have Voices; except such who are Undertakers, or concerned in point of Interest, as Adventurers, Undertakers, or Commoners; who are not to have any Vote at the Committee, though they are named thereof: And they are to meet on Friday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer-Chamber; and to take care of the Interest of the Country: And to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House then proceeded, according to the Order of the Sixteenth of this Month, to take the Matter of the King's Majesty's Revenue into Debate.

And an Account, in Writing, of the Income and Issues of his Majesty's Revenue, being delivered in; and taken into Debate

Resolved, See. That the House do. Tomorrow at Ten

.of the Clock in the Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take the Matter of his Majesty's Revenue into Consideration -, and to dispose it into such a Method, as they shall think fit.

And then the House adjourned itself till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Jovts, 190 Martii^ 150 Car, II*1.

Praye r*s.

/~'Harlotte Heffen Killigrew did, this Day, take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, before Mr. Speaker, at the Clerk's Table, in order to her Naturalization.

Ordered, That these Persons following be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for Naturalization of Abraham Didier, and others, is committedviz. Colonel Kirkby, Sir Chichester Wray, Sir John Coriton, Mr. John Buller, Mr. John Trelawney, Sir Rich. Onslow, Colonel Robinson, Captain Garraway, Colonel Whitley, Sir Rob. Howard, Sir Hen. Puckering, Sir Edw. Wife, Mr. Francis Buller, Mr. Hen. Seymour, Mr. Geo. Howard, Sir Tho.

Strickland, Sir James Smith, Sir Tho. Sir Wm.

Tirringham.

Ordered, That these Persons following be added to the Committee, to which the Bill for the better Observation of the Lord's Day is committed -, viz. Sir Rich.

Lord Richardson, Sir Cha. Huffey, Mr. Bofcawen, Mr. Ratcliff'e, Mr. Knight, Mr. Daniel, Sir Clifford v Mr. Westfaleing, Sir John Nicholas, Sir Wm.

Mr. George, Mr. Henley, Mr. Lowe, Mr. Elliot, Mr* Morice.

Ordered, That all the Members of this House, that serve for the County of Bucks, be added to the Committee, to which the Bill for enabling Mr. Challoner to make Provision for his Wife and younger Children is committed.

Ordered, That Sir John Birkinbead and Mr. Greenvill be added to the Committee, to which the Bill for veiling the Lands and Tenements of Cuthbert Morley in Richard Barret, and others, is committed.

Ordered, That Sir John Norton be added to the Committee, to which the Bill for the Poor of Endfeild Chace is committed.

A Bill to restore Henry Vaughan Esquire to Certain Sums of Money, deceitfully gotten from him by John Allured, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, Set. That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Crouch, Sir Clifford Clifton, Sir Rob. Holt, Mr. Fane, Sir G'tlb. Gerrard, Sir Tho. Gower, Mr. Clifford, Sir Tho. Tomkins, Sir Colonel Strangwayts, Mr. Morice, Sir Lowther,

Colonel Robinson, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Tho. Wendy, Sir John Roll, Sir Tho. Meres, Colonel Hollis, Sir Cha. Huffey, Sir Rich. Oatley, Mr. Wefffaling, Sir John Marley, Mr. Coventry, and all the Members of this House that serve for the County of Yorke: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for Settling the Draining of the Level of the Fens in Lincolneshire, called Lyndfey Level, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be read the Second time on Monday next.

Another Bill, concerning the Level of the Fens in colneshire, called Lyndfey Level, was this Day delivered in.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That a Message be font to the Lords, by Sir Henry North, to desire the Concurrence of the Lords to the Vote of this House, for desiring his Majesty to issue a Proclamation for the Departure of Jesuits and Popish Priests out of this Kingdom by a Day.

Ordered, That a Message be font to the Lords, to acquaint them. That the Writings and Deeds concerning Impropriations, which they sent for to this House, were formerly delivered into the Hands of Mr. Jeff of, heretofore Clerk of this House of Commons; and were, by Warrant from his Majesty, delivered into the Hands of the Lord Fartjhaw, his Majesty's Remembrancer, where they still remain: And that Sir Thomas Meres do carry up the feme.

And then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in pursuance of the Order Yesterday, to take the Matter of his Majesty's Revenue into Consideration.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Rob. Atkyns took the Chair of the Committee.

' Mr. Speaker reafiumed the Chais.

Sir Robert Atkyns reports, from the Committee of the whole House, That it was the Opinion of the Committee, That the House would appoint a Committee to inspect that Branch of his Majesty's Revenue, concerning the Customs: That the House would impower the Committee 5Y of

4<j4 Journals of the House of Commons. A. i66z.

of the whole House to name Sub-Committees: That the House would resolve itself into a Committee of the wHole House, on Saturday next, to proceed in the Business of his Majesty's Rerenue.

Refilved, &c. That a Committee be appointed of the Members following , viz. Sir Wm. Sir

Strickland^ Sir Phil. Warwick, Sir John Sir

Cha. Huffey, Sir Tho. Gower, Mr. Knight, Sir Cha.

bord.Sax Solomon Swale, Mr. Pryn, Sir "Tho. Tomkins, Sir John Goodrich, Mr. John Vaughan, Sir The. Meres, Mr.

Tho. Coventry, Mr. Harvey, Mr. , Sir Allen Apjley, Sir Wm. Howard, Sir Wm. Hickman, Sir Cha. Berkley Treasurer, Sit Rowland Berkley, Sir Edm. Pye, Sir Edw. Moseley, Lord Falkland, Sir Cope, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Mountague, Colonel SMr. SoUidtor-General, Sir Rob. Howard, Sir Rich. Temple, Serjeant Charlton, Sir Wm. Compton, Colonel Reames, Sir Edm. Peirce, Sir John Talbot, Lord Gorge, Lord Sir

Tho. Allen, Mr. Crouch, Sir Rob. Mr. Clifford,

Sir Wm. Lewes, Sir Geo. Ryve, Sir Rob. Holt, Sir Clifford Clifton, Sir Cyril Wyebe, Mr. Ganvay, Sir Edm. JBowyer, Mr. Choume,- Sir Edw. Walpoole, Sir Crispe, Mr. Higgons, Colonel Progers, Lord Spencer, Mr. King, Sir Tho. Dolman, Mr. Newton, Mr. John Fredrick, Mr. Jones, Mr. Wm. Coventry, Sir John Holland, Sir Bain: Throckmorton, Colonel Birch, Sir Geo. Downing: And they are to meet Tomorrow, in the Speaker's Chamber, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon; and to inspect, and take into Confederation, that Branch of his Majesty's Revenue, which does arise by the Customs; and to receive Informations touching the feme, and such Proposals as shall be made for the Improvement thereof: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Refilved, &c: That the Committee of the whole House Jbe authorized to appoint Sub-Committees, to inspect fetch Branches of his Majesty's Revenue as the Committee shall direct: Which Sub-Committees are hereby impowered to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records} and to receive Informations and Proposels for Improvement of any Branch of his Majesty's Revenue.

Refilved, See. That the House will, on Saturday next, at Ten of the Clock, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the Matter of his Majesty's Revenue.

- Sir Henry North reports to the Houser That he had carried up the Meftage to the Lords, concerning PopHh Priestsand Jesuits; and that the present Answer he received from the Lords was. That they would take the same into serious Confederation; and would return further Answer by Messengers of their own.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning* Eight of the Clock.

Die Veneris^20* Marlii\ *5° Car. II*1.

S~*OrneIius Le Brune,- Son of Jasper Le Brune, born at Cullen on the Reyne in Germany, did, this Day, take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, before Mr. Speaker, at the Clerk's Table, in order to his being naturalized.

Prayers.

Ordered, That the Name of the said Cornelius Le Brune be inserted into the Bill of Naturalizing,

Ordered, That Colonel Reames have the Leave of this House Co go into the Country.

A Petition of John Hill, Constable of Chelsea in the County of Berks, and the rest of the Inhabitants there, was this Day read.

Refilved, See. That the said Petition be referred to a-Committee of the Persons following; viz. Mr. Fane, Mr. Hungerford, Sir Rich* Onslow, Colonel Sandis, Sir Tho*

Tomkins, Colonel Kirkby, Sir W Mr. Wfi-

phaleing, Sir Clifford Clifton, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Clifford, Sir Cha. Huffey, Sir Geo. Strode, Sir Antb.

Cope, Mr. Knight, Sir John Birkinhead, Sir Throckmorton, Mr James, Sir Rich. Mr. and

all the Members of this House that serve for the Counties of Berks, Wilts, Surrey, and Hampshire: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And examine the Matter of the Petition; and make Report of their Proceedings and Opinions thereupon to the House.

Mr. George reports, from the Committee to Which the.

Bill for the better Observation of the Lord's Day was committed, several Amendments to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place j and after, delivered the same m at the Clerk's Table: Which Amendments were read the First time.

And the several Amendments, preceding that Amendment concerning decent Demeanor in the Church, being read the Second time, were, upon the Question, severally' agreed to.

The feid Amendment, concerning decent Demeanor in the Church, Was read the Second time.

The Question being put. That the Bill be re-committed to the former Committee upon the present Debate, whether it be fit to leave out the said Amendment;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Committee are to fit this Afternoon at Two-of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Bill concerning Lindsey Level in the-Fens, which was appointed to-be read this Day, be read-the first Bill Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Committee, appointed to peruse the Act concerning the Militia, do fit this Afternoon, "to proceed in the Consideradon thereof: And that they do expedite and make their Report- therein on Monday next.

Ordered, That the Bill concerning the Widow Ramadge be read Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House resolved into a Committee of the Whole House, to take into Consideradon the Bill for the Ihcrease of the Maintenance of Ministers in Cities, Towns-Corporate, and Market-Towns.

Mr. Speaker left- the Chair.

Sir Thomas Meres took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker reassumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Meres reports, from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill *, and desired, that the House would again resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Tuesday next* to proceed upon the feme.

Refilved, See. That the House will, on Tuesday next* at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the Bill for the Increase of the Maintenance of Ministers in Cities, Towns-Corporate* and Market-Towns.

Ordered, That all the Members of this House, that serve for the Counties of Northampton, Norfolk,

Lincolne, Cambridge, and Huntington, and Isle of Ely, be added to the Committee to-whom the Two Bills for Bedford Level in the Fens are committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die

Die Sabbatiy 21° Ma 150 Car. U*

Prayers.

A Petition of the Parishioners and Inhabitants of StaH-don in the County of Hertford., was tins Day read; the Subdance of it being, for Leave to bring in a Bill for the Highway, lying in that Parish.

Ordered, That Leave be given for bringing in a Bill for Repairing of the Highway and Road lying in the Parish of Standon in the County of Hertford.

Another Petition of the Inhabitants of the Towns of .‘Baffngbome, JVbaddon, WendyArrington, Stow,

and Caxton, in the County of , was this Day

read; the Substance of it being, for Leave to bring in a Bill for Repair of the Highway and Post Road lying within the said Parishes.

Ordered, That Leave be given for bringing in a Bill for repairing die Highway and Road lying Within the said Parishes.

A Bill to make void several Judgments and Securities obtained by Practice, against George Pitt Esquire, and others, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, Sec. That this Bill be read the Second time, on Monday next.

Upon Complaint made to the House, on the Behalf of Mr. John George,a Member of this House, That one John George, by the Procurement of one William George, his Brother, one of the Farmers of the Excise, of the Town of Bristol, had personated the said Mr. George, and taken upon him his Addition and Place of Habitation; and accordingly had entered into Ten several Bonds, each of them of a Thousand Pounds Penalty, for the Pay-Ynent of the Excise.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed of the Persons following; viz.Sir Cha. Harbord, Serjeant Maynard,

Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Knight, Mr. Jay, Sir Tho. Gower, Sir Wm. Liwtber, Sir Solomon SwSir

Trnpkins, Sir John Birkinbead, Mr. Morice, Sir Antb. Cope, Sir John Holland, Mr. Finch, Sir Phil. Warwick; or ahy Five of them: And they are to meet at Two of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And to examine the Matter objected against the said John George, and William George:And report the same to the House.

And Sir Philip Warwick is desired to attend the Lord Tfoaforer; and desire him to give Order for Stay of the further Aftings and Proceedings upon the said Bonds.

A Bill to enable Elizabeth Ramadge Widow to fell Lands, for Payment of Debts and Legacies to younger Children, was this Day read the Second time.

The Question being put, That the said Bill be com-triitted

It passed in the Negative.

A Bill concerning the Level of the Fens in Lincolnt-shire, called Lindsey Level, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill be read again the Second time, on Monday next, after the other Bill concerning the said Level.

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Sale of some of the Lands of Richard Seignior and Anthony Seignior, deceased, for Payment of some of their Debts, was this Day read the Third time.

The Question being put. That the Bill do pass

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, &c. That the Title of the Bill shall be. An Act to enable the Sale of some of the Lands of Richard and Anthony Seignior, deceased, for Payment of some of their Debts.

An ingossed Bill for the Punishment of unlawful Cut-

ters and Spoilers of Wood and Understood, and Destroyers of young Timber-Trees, was this Day read the Third time.

Ordered, That the Words " Poles,*' and young,* be added in the several Places of the Bill, after the Word " Underwoods."

Which was accordingly done at the Clerk's Table.

A Proviso was brought in, to be added to the said Bill, and twice read.

Ordered, That these Words, " or any other the Premises, particularly mentioned in this Bill," be added to the Proviso: And that the Words " the fame" be added, in-Head of Wood. *'

Which was done accordingly.

The Question being put. That the Proviso, lb amended, be made Part of the Bill;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put. That the Words " Furze and Broom" do stand in the Bill,

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put, That the Bill, with the Proviso and Amendments, agreed to, do pass}

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, &c. That the Title of the Bill shall be. An Act for the Punishment of unlawful Cutting, or Stealing, or Spoiling of Wood and Underwood, and Destroyers of young Timber-Trees.

And then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in pursuance of a former Order, to take the Matter of his Majesty's Revenue into Considera-, tlon.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sit Rob. Atkyns took the Chair of the Committee*

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkyns reports, from the said Committee, That they had made some further Progress in his Majesty's Revenue: And that the Committee desired the House would impowef the Sub-committee Of the said Committee of the whole House to receive and consider of such Bills as should be tendered to them, concerning his Majesty's Revenue j and that the House, oh Monday next, at Ten of the Clock, would resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take his Majesty's Revenue into further Consideration.

Resolved, See. That the Sub-committee of the Committee of the whole House, for his Majesty's Revenue, be impowered to receive and consider of such Bills as shall be tendered to them concerning his Majesty's Revenue.

Resolved, &c. That the House will, on Monday next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take his Majesty's Revenue into further Consideration.

Ordered, That, whereas it was yesterday referred to a Committee, to inspect, and take into Consideration That Branch of his Majesty's Revenue arising by the Customs j Sir Edward Walpoole do especiafly take care thereof.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Eight of the Clock.

Die Luna,230 Martii, 150 Car. IId'

Prate r 4.

A Bill to vest and settle several Lands, in Woolf on and Marflon in the County of Warwick, upon William Warner, and others, according to a Settlement thereof, made by George Warner Esquire, deceased, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read the Second time, on This-day-sevennight.

A Bill forvefting and restoring Gentle-

man to the Office of Clerk of the Chamber #f London, was this Day read the First time.

2 Resolved,

Journals of the House of Commons. i66l>

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time, on Thursday next.

A Bill for naturalizing several Person9 was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time. Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill for clearing the Passage, intended to be made navigable between London and be read

Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Crouch reports, from the Committee, to which the Bill, for the Lessee to prove the Life in being, was committed, several Amendments to the said Bill, with a . Proviso to be added thereto: Which he read, with the Coherence in the Bill, and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table. And the said Amendments were twice read *, and, upon the Question, severally agreed to, except the Proviso only.

The Proviso being twice read,

And the Question being put. That the Proviso be agreed to;

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put. That the Bill be re-committed to the former Committee;

The House was. divided.

The Noes went out.

Sir Courtney Poole, f Tellers for the Yeas

Sir Ro. Bradshaigh, \ With the Yeas, $ I24<

Sir Sol. Swale, f Tellers for the Noes

Sir Tho. Gower, \ With the Noes, j

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative, That the Bill be re-committed to the former Committee.

And the said Committee is hereby revived: And they are to meet at Two of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Place formerly appointed.

Ordered, That the Two Bills, concerning Level

of the Fens, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Roger Talbot have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

The House did then resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of his Majesty's Revenue.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkyns took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker realfumed the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkyns reports, from the Committee, That they had made some further Progress in his Majesty's Revenue: And that the Committee were of Opinion, that the House would refer it to the Committee appointed by the House to insped the Customs, to insped That Branch of his Majesty's Revenue, arising by the Crown-Lands, and Fee-farm Rents; and to inquire into all Grants and Alienations of the Revenue made since the Death of his late Majesty, except such as have been confirmed by Act of Parliament; and also to inquire into the Charge to Officers, in Receipts and Payments of his Majesty's Revenues: And that the House would, on Thursday next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take his Majesty's Revenue into further Consideration.

Resolved, &c. That it be referred to the Committee appointed by this House to insped the Customs, to insped That Branch of his Majesty's Revenue, arising by the Crown-Lands, and Fee-farm Rents; and to inquire into all Grants and Alieniations of the Revenue made since the Death of his late Majesty; except such as have been confirmed by Act of Parliament , and also to inquire into the Charge to Officers in Receipts and Payments of his Majesty's Revenue.

Resolved, &c. That Sir Geo. Ryve, Colonel Kirkby, Mr. IVm. Sandys, and Mr. Hampden, be added to the Committee, to insped the Customs.

Refohedy &c. That the House will, on Thursday next.

at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take his Majesty's Revenue into further Consideration.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill against Pluralities is committed, be revived; and do fit this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And Mr. Hungerford and Mr. Bofcowen arc added to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to peruse the Act for regulating the Press, and other Acts, be revived; and do fit this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and take into Consideration the said Act for regulating the Press.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Martis, 240 Mart 150 Car. II*'

Prayers.

c^fAmesTaudin and Didier Faucant did this Day take the J Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, before Mr. Speaker, at the Clerk's Table, in order to their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Mr. Scudamore have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

A Bill for Naturalizing of Charlotte Heffen KilligreWy and several other Persons, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be committed to the Committee, to which the First Bill of Naturalizing was committed: And that the Committee be revived: And that these Persons following be added to the Committee; viz.

Sir Tho. Stricklandy Mr. Oldfeildy Mr. , Mr. , Sir Tho. Littletony Mr. Moorey Mr. Turgis, Mr. Jamesy Sir Edm. Bowyer, Sir Edm. Peirce, Mr. Dunster: And they are to fit this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill to make void several Judgments and Securities obtained by Practice, against George Pit Esquire, and several other Persons in the Bill mentioned, was this Day read the Second time.

A Petition of Sir George Pratt was read.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill and Petition be committed to Mr. Hungerford, Mr. , Sir Clifford

ton, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Courtney , Mr. , Sir

John Holland, Sir Edm. Peirce, Sir Cha. , Mr.

Knight, Colonel Phillips, Lord , Sir Geo. Probert.

Sir Robert Atkyns, Mr. Gaudy, Lord St. , Mr.

Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Tho. Tompkins, Sir John,

Mr. Seymour, Colonel Windam, Mr. , Mr.

Sir John Strode, Sir Solomon S, Sir Rich. Oatley, Mr.

Edw. Seymour, Lord Falkland, Sir Tho. Sir Rich.

Browne, Mr. Culleford, Sir Wm. , Mr. Scawen, Sir

Rich. Onslow, Colonel Kirkby, Serjeant , Sir Bain.

Trockmorton, Mr. Phillips, Colonel , Mr. Steward,

Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Tho. Cary: And they are to meet in the Exchequer-Chamber, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, on Thursday next: And to summon and hear all Parties concerned: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Bill for Restoring in Blood of Elizabeth Cheadle, an Infant, be read on Thursday Morning next.

Mr. George reports, from the Committee, to which the Bill for better Observation of the Lord's Day was recommitted, upon the Amendment formerly reported,

3 concerning

concerning decent Demeanor in the Church, That the Committee had met, and thought fit to omit the Words " be or fit irreverently or undecently."

The Question being put. To agree with the Committee -,

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put. That the Word " walk" be al so left out;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, &c. That the Amendment, with these Alterations, be agreed to.

The House proceeded to the Second Reading of the rest of the Amendments formerly reported.

And the several subsequent Amendments to the Second Line of the Second Page were read the Second time; and, on the Quell ion, agreed to.

The Amendment to the Second Line of the Second Page was read the Second, time.

The Question being put, To agree to that Amend-‘ment;

It passed in the Negative.

The next Amendment, to the Eighth Line of the same Page, was read the Second time and, on the Question,

agreed to.

The Amendment to the Ninth Line of the same Page was read the Second time.

The Question being put. To agree to the Amendment, as to the leaving out the Word " unlawful j"

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, See. That the remaining Part of the Bill, which is not yet passed, be re-committed to the former Committee: And they are to inspect the former Laws, touching the Observation of the Lord's Day; and to comprehend them in this Bill, so as the same may be effectual for the due Observation thereof: And these Persons following are added to the Committee; viz. Colonel Legg, Mr. Clifford, Dr. Bur-well, Sir John Mr.

Chovone, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Edm. Peirce, Sir Robert Holt, Mr. Westphaling, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Kent, Mr. Ernley, Sir

Wm. Compton, Colonel V/indham, Sir Tompkins, Sir John Birkinhead, Mr. Coventry: And all the Members of

this House that shall come to the Committee are to have Voices thereat: And they are to meet on next,

at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer-Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Bill concerning Mines Royal be read the Second time, on Thursday next.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Tompkins do carry up the Two ingossed Bills for preventing the Cutting and Stealing of Wood, and for enabling the Sale of some of the Lands of Richard and Anthony Seignior, to the Lords for their Concurrence.

The House then resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Bill for the Increase of the Maintenance of Mini-flers in Cities, Towns-Corporate, and Market-Towns.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Meres took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker re-afiumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Meres reports, from the Committee, That they had made some further Progress in the said Bill: And that it was the Opinion of the Committee, That the House would again resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Saturday next, at Ten of the Clock in the Morning, to proceed upon the fame.

Resolved, See. That the House, on Saturday next, at Ten of the Clock in the Morning, will resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the Bill for the Maintenance of Ministers, in Ciries, Towns-Corporate, and Market-Towns.

The Question being put. That the Committee for the Clothing-Trade, appointed to fit this Afternoon, be ad-

journed till Thursday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, See. That all other Committees, that were to fit this Afternoon, be adjourned till Thursday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning next, at Eight of the Clock.

Die Jovis, 26° Mar tit, 150 Car, Ild‘

Prayers.

f\Rdered, That Mr. Yorke, Sir Robert Atkyns, Sir Charles liar herd, and Sir William Low tier, or any Two of

them, be desired to speak with Mr. Hall, Deputy to the Lord Fanfhaw, his Majesty's Remembrancer of the Exchequer; and to inquire what Deeds and Writings he hath in his Custody concerning Impropriations or Annuities of any Members of this House, or other loyal Persons, which were forced from them on their Composition: And by what Warrant he became possessld of them: And to make Report thereof, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Steward have the Leave of this Eloufe to go into the Country.

Ordered, That the Bill to enable Sir John Packington, anil his Trustees, to sell or dispose Lands for the Payment of his Debts, and railing Portions for his younger Children, be read Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill to veil: and restore Mr. Wadefon to the Office of Clerk of the Chamber of London was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill be committed to Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Cha. HarborMr. Crouch, Sir Tho. Tompkins, Mr. Clifford, Lord St. John, Sir John Bramp-Jion, Colonel Lane, Sir John Packington, Mr. Chowne, Mr. Jolly, Sir Hum. Winch , Sir Rich. lord, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Kent, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Sprye, Mr. Ernley, Sir Cha. Berkley, Sir John Lew, Sir Rich. Sir Gilbert

Gerrard, Sir Rob. Atkyns, Colonel Saudis, Mr. Clff'ord, Mr. Jones, Lord Herbert, Mr. Love, Sir Hen. North, Mr.

Wfffaling. Sir Robert Long, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Wm. Tompson, Mr. Sollicitor-General, Sir Robert Howard, Sir Tho. Bludwcrth, Sir Edm. Peirce, Colonel Whitley, Mr.

Gaudy, Colonel Robert Phillips, Sir John Fredrick: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to summon and hear all Parties concerned: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for restoring in Blood Elizabeth Cheadle, foie Daughter and Heir of Richard Cheadle Esquire, was this Day read the First time.

The Question being put. That this Bill be rejected,

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Bill for the Draining of the Level of the Fens in Lincolneshire, called Lyndfey Level, was this Day read, the Second time.

Another Bill, concerning the Draining of the said Level of the Fens, called Lyndfey Level, was also read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That both the said Bills be committed to Mr. Treasurer, Serjeant Charlton, Sir Gilbert -Sir Edw. Walpoole, Sir Hen. North, Mr. Secretary Mo-rice, Sir Cha. Harbord, Lord St. John, Mr. Mount ague. Sir Allen Apjley, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Palmer, Sir Rob. Howard, Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. Secretary Bennett, Sir John Brampfton, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Sollicitor-General, Mr. Bain. Throckmorton, Sir John Birkinhead, Sir Rowland Berkley, Mr. Clifford, Sir Rob. Atkyns, Mr. Bofcowen, Mr. Coventry, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Geo. Clarke, Mr. Waller, Lord Herbert, Sir Robert Holt, Lord

*5 Z Sir

Sir Wm.Lowther, Sir John Newton, Sir Hen.

Mr. Gaudy, Sir Edm. Bowyer, Sir Rob. Long, Mr. Mo-

rice, Sir IVm. IVindham, Sir H Sir Bra-

bant, Sir Rob. Bolles, Sir Wm. Hickman, Mr. Elliot, Mr.

- Trelawney, Mr. Hungerford, Sir Tho. Sir Geo.

Iiungerford, Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Gar-raway. Colonel Kirkby, Lord Castleton, Sir Edm. Peirce, Mr. Fane, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir John Goodrick, Lord An-cram, Mr. Crouch, Sir Adrian Scroope, Sir Rob. Holt,

-Sir James Smith, Mr. Coventry, Sir Cha. Hujfey, Mr. Heby, Sir Hum. Bennet, Lord Newburgh, Mr. Newport, Sir Walter St. John, Colonel Sandis, Six Clifford Clifton, Lord

Richardson, Lord Bruce, Colonel Legg, Colonel Whitley, and all the Members that serve for: And all

the Members of this House that come to the Committee, are to have Voices thereat; except such as afeconcerned in point of Interest, as Owners, Adventurers, Undertakers, or Commoners: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer-Chamber; and to summon and hear all Parties concerned: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A MefTage from the Lords, by Sir Thomas Bird and Sir Toby Woolrich;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a present Conference 'with this House, in the Painted Chamber, in reference to the Message from this House, concerning Priests and Jesuits.

The Messengers being called in; Mr. Speaker did ac-

Suaint them. That the House had considered of their leffage; and consented to a present Conference, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Sollicitor-General, Mr. Vaughan, Serjeant Charlton, Serjeant Maynard, Mr. Sir

Robert Atkyns, and Mr. Waller, do attend the Conference; and make Report of it to the House.

Sir Heneage Finch made Report of the Conference had with the Lords, upon the Message, by them sent to this House, in reference to Popish Priests and Jesuits; and delivered in an Expedient, in Writing, from the Lords, by way of Petition, at the Clerk's Table.

And the same being read;

Resolved, &c. That the Debate of the Matter, upon the Petition sent from the Lords, be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning Ten of the Clock; and then taken into Consideration.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Momr ing, Eight of the Clock,

DieVeneris, 17° Mar 150 Car. IIHi-. Prayers.

A Bill to enable Sir John Packington, and his Trustees, to fell, or otherwise dispose of, certain Lands, for the Payment of Debts, and raising Portions for younger Children, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time, on Monday next.

A Bill for Apportioning of Rents, and Preventing concurrent Leases of the Lands of Bishops, and other Ecclesiastical Persons, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time* on Monday next.

Ordered, That the Bill for Regulation of the Hospital of St. Ofwold in the County of Worcester be read Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for the Sowing and Planting of Hemp and Flax was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time. On Monday Morning next.

The Representarion and Petition, sent from the Lords, as an Expedient to the Vote of this House, in reference to Jesuits and Romift* Priests, was read; and taken into Debate.

Resolved, &c. That it be referred to Mr. Sollicitor-General, Serjeant Charlton, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Waller, Sir Edward Walpole, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Phil. Warwick, Sir Robert Atkyns, Mr. Secretary Morice, Sir Tho. Meres; or any Three of them, to peruse the Vote of this House, and the Petition fefit from the Lords; and to unite the Preface of the Petition to the Substance of the Vote of this House,

Ordered, That the House will proceed in the further Consideration of this Matter, Tomorrow Morning gt Ten of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbatiy 2 8° Martiiy 150 Car. II‘

Prayers.

A BilJ for repairing the Highways lying within the Towns of Baffingborne, Waddon, Wendy, Wimple, Arrington, Stent}, and Caxton, within the County of Cambridge, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time On Tuesday next.

A Bill, to define what Mines shall be taken for Mines Royal, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill be committed to Lord St, John, Sir Solomon Swale, Lord Favfhaw, Sir Norton, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Clifford Clifton, Sir Edm. Peirce, Sir Courtney Poole, Sir Rich. Browne, Mr. Crouch, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Rob. Holt, Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. Knight, Sir John Brampfton, Sir Antb. Cope, Mr. Phillips, Sir Edw. Walpoole, Mr. Culleford, Sir John Holland, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Westph Sir Rich. Brabant, Mr. Jones, Sir John Birkinbead, Mr. Pryn, Sir Wm. Lewis,

Mr. Whitaker, Mr. Chetwyn, Mr. Coventry, Mr. v

ford. Colonel Gilby, Sir Nich.Steward, Colonel And all the Members of this House that shall come to the Committee, are to have Voices thereat: And they are to meet on Wednesday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Sir Rob. Holt, Mr. Yorke, Sir Lane. Lake, Colonel Bishop, Mr. Hoby, Lord Richardson, Sir Rob. Atkyns, Mr. Churchill, Mr. Morice, Sir John Birkinbead, Sir Courtney Poole, Mr. Mr. Clifford,

Sir Edw. Walpoole, be added to the Committee, to which

the Bill concerning Mr. Pitt, and others, is committed.

A Petition of Thomas Thory Esquire was this Day read. Ordered, That this Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to take the same into Consideration, this Afternoon.

A Bill to confirm an Act touching ColJcge-Leases was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, 8cc.That the said Bill be committed to Sir

Lane. Lake, Sir Rich. Francklyn, Mr. , Sir Edm. Peirce, Mr. Sollicitor-General, Mr. Crouch, Sir Rob. Holt, Sir Tho. Allen, Mr. Lewis, Sir Wm. Lewis, Mr. Knight, Sir John Birkinbead, Mr. Seymour, Sir John Brampfton, Mr. Phillips, Sir Tho. Meres, Dr. Mr. Hunger-

ford, Sir Rob. Atkyns, Sir Clifford Clifton, Lord Serjeant Keeling, Lord St. John, Sir Hum. Winch, Sir Holland, Sir Edw. Walpoole, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Mr. Clifford, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Morice, Sir Rich. Braham, Mr. -Chetwyn, Colonel John Robinson, Sir Onslow, Sir'

Henry North, and the Members of this House that serve for the Two Universities of Oxford and Cambridge: And. they are to meet on Wednesday next, at Two of the Clock

in

jfl the Aftgpnow, in the Speaker's Chamber \ and to fun> jnpn and hear all Parties concerned: i^nd to fend for Per-4w$> Pape/$ and Records.

Mr- Solicitor-General report!, from the Committee, appointed to annex the Matter of the Preface of the Petition, sept from the Lords, to the Substance of the Vote of thhi Hoyfe, touching Jefirits and Romish Priests, That fii? (pprpmittse had mad? feme Amendments to the fame: "Which he rcadi With the Coherence, in his Place and filer delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Which w?r? twice read j and, upon fheQuestion, severally agreed

Resolved, &c. That these Words, " and Commons," l?e added to the Title of the Petition.

Refolded, &c. That, at the Close of the Petition, these Words bg added, " under Pain of having the Penalty of the Laws inflicted upon them."

Resolved, ffec, That the Petition, thus amended, be agreed to.

Ordered, That the Committee, formerly appointed to annex the Preamble and Vote aforesaid, do withdraw > and agree the Reasons to be infilled on at the Conference to be had with the Lords, upon the Subject-Matter of the last Conference, touching Jefoita and Romish Priests.

Ordered, That the Report of Sir Robert rftkyns, upon the Bill to prevent the Growth of Popery, be heard on Monday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Report of Colonel Kirkby be heard on Monday Morning.

Ordered That Sir William Window have the Leave of this House tp go into the Country,

It is a doubtful Word, and may fecm to carry with it A Sense different from what is agreed in the Preamble to the Act of Attainder, wherein the true Sons of the Church of England are sufficiently vindicated,

II, " Extraordinary, and in far greater Numbers than hath been known."

It carries with it feme Reflection upon his Majesty's Government-, as if left Care had been taken against their coming in now, than heretofore.

III. Adhere to the Method of Proceeding by Proclamation.

j. \\ is the ancient, usual, and legal Way of enforcing Laws, and quickening their Execution i Never any Ponce's Reign, since the Reformation without one; and nothing more aggravates an. Offence against th? Law, than when the Law hath been enforced by a Royal Proclamation.

2, It is so far from looking like a Persecution, that, on the contrary, it is an Act of Mercy, and a gracious Admonition, from his Majesty, to prevent the Severities of the Laws.

3. It is more reasonable to believe, that a Proclamation, declaring, that the Severity of the Laws lhafi succeed, in case the Proclamation be disobeyed, will have a more certain and visible Effect, than a Petition which refers to no certain Expedient at all; or, if to any, to that which we apprehend to be neither honourable for his Majesty, nor fate for the Nation.

IV. We think there is no Cause to suspect, that this Method of Proceeding will be of such Latitude as the Petition proposed.

There every Person who pretends to merit, or can procure a Testimonial, is made capable of Connivance; which we look on as the worst way of rewarding; and is such an Advice as we cannot think fit to offer, nor believe his

Ordered, That these Persons following be added to the Committee, tq whom die Bill for restoring Mr. Wadejon to the Office of Clerk of the Chamber of London is committed viz.Sir Rich. Browne, Sir John Norton, Sir

Peyton, Mr. JVhorwood, Sir Tb , Sir Hum-

phrey Bonnet, Colonel Tho. Robinson, Mr. , Lord Falkland, Sir Courtney Boole, Serjeant Keeling, Sir Nich. Steward, Mr. Goreing, Sir The. Cary, Mr. Greeuvile, Serjeant Charlton, Sir Edw. Walpoql,

Ordered, That these Persons following be added to the Committee, to which the Bill concerning Mrs. Brifcoe is committed j viz.Sir James , Mr. O Neale, Mr. Graham, Sir Tho. StewHey, Mr,

The House then resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed on the Bill for the Increase of the Maintenance of Ministers In Cities, Towns-Corporate, and Market-Towns.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Meres took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker reafliimed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Meres reports, from the Committee, That they had made some further Progress in the said Bill: A nd that it was the Opinion of the Committee, That the House would again resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Tuesday next, at Ten of the Clock, to proceed upon the fame.

Resolved, &c. That the House, on Tuesday next, at Ten of the Clock in the Morning, will resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the Bill for Jnereafe of the Maintenance of Ministers in Cities, Towns-Corporate, and Market-Towns.

Mr- Sollicitor reports, from the Committee appointed to withdraw, and collect the Reasons to be infilled upon, nt the Conference to be had with the Lords, upon the Subject-Matter of the last Conference, touching Jesuits, and "Romish Priests, several Reafqns; Which he read in ilis Place i and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: And, being read the Second time, were agreed tq: Which are fofioweth viz.

J. The Word " Provocations" kfc out.

r

Majesty would receive well From us*

Here is only a Regard had to Articles, and to the Law of Nations.

Resolved, See. That' a present Conference be desired with the Lords upon the Subject-Matter of the last Conference, touching Jesuits, and Romish Priests.

Sir John Buncombe to carry this Message to the Lords.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for Naturalization of Charlotte Hejfen Killigrew, and others, is committed, be revived 1 and do fit on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And examine the Certificates on the Behalf of such Persons named in the Bill, as have not yet tendered, and shall then tender them to the said Committee 1 And the said Committee are to make their Repent on Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill fqr "preventing unnecessary Suits, Delays, Expences, and qtheC Abuses in Courts of Justice, and Proceedings at Law, is committed, be revived i and do fit this Afternoon at Two of th? Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir John Buncombe brings Answer, That the Lords do agree to a present Conference, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee, appointed to collect and bring in the Reasons to be infilled on, at the Conference, do manage this Conference with the Lords.

Resolved, &c. That Mark Mason, who made an Arrest upon Roger Barket, the menial Servant of William Griffith Esquire, a Member of this House; and Richard Cole, that did detain him, afteF he‘ was informed, that thq laid Barket was such menial Servant j be sent for into Gu-stody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for Breach of the Privilege of this House: And that the laic) Roger Barket be forthwith discharged of his Iroprisonment.

Resolved, &c. That if any menial Servant shall be arrested, and detained, contrary to Privilege, he shall, upon Complaint thereof made, be discharged, by Order from the Speaker.

- And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, at Eight of the Clock.

Bie

4^o Journals of the Honk Commons.

Die Lurue, 301 Marti, 150 11'".

Prayers.

f'\Rdered, That Mr. Alleflry have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

Ordered, That Mr. Seymour have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

A Bill for the Regulation of the Hospital of St. Oswald in the County of Wotcefier was this Day read the-First time.

Resolved,&c. That this Bill be read die Second time on Wednesday next.

A Petition of the Matter, Wardens, and Company of Brewers of the City of London and Places adjacent, was this Day read.

Another Petition of the Corporation of the Brewers of the City of Briftoll was delivered in.

Resolved, &c. That both the Paid Petitions be committed to the Committee of the whole House, appointed for the Intpedtion of his Majesty's Revenue: And that they be impowered to refer the same to the Sub-Committee appointed to inspect that Branch of his Majesty's Revenue, which dotharife by the Excise; with such Powers and Directions as they shall think necessary.

Mr. Hunger ford makes Report, from the Committee to which the Petition of the Hackney-Coachmen was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fact: And that they found the Complaint against the Officers, viz the Clerk, and the Messenger to be true:

And that, besides the Rent, payable by the Act of Parliament, there was exacted, by one the Messenger,

One Shilling a Quarter for Rent of each Coach , and, by one Ready the Clerk, Ten Shillings, for a Licence to each Coachman, and Five Shillings yearly for renewing such Licence; and that Two Shillings and Six-pence was taken for the Mark on each Coach: Bur, as to the Commissioners, the Committee found no Fault or Abuse: But that the Committee was of Opinion, That the Exactions by the Officers were Grievances.

The Question being put. To agree with the Committee, That the exacting One Shilling a Quarter by tVilfony for Rent, is a Grievance *,

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put, That the exacting Ten Shillings for a Licence, and Five Shillings per Annum yearly, for renewing such Licence, by Ready is a Grievance;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put, To agree with the Committee, That the Taking of Two Shillings and Six-pence, for the Mark or Figure of each Coach, is a Grievance;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, &c. That it be recommended to Mr. Solli-citor-General and Mr. Serjeant , to take care, that

there be a speedy Prosecution in the King's-Bench, or Sessions, against Wilson and Ready for their Abuse and Exaction on the Hackney-Coachmen.

Resolved, See. That the Bill for repairing the High* ways and Sewers, and for paving, and keeping clean, the Streets in and about the Cities of London and;

and for the Regulating and Licensing of Hackney-Coachmen; be committed to the Committee, to which the Petition of the Hackney-Coachmen was referred: And that the Committee, to which the Bill was formerly committed, be discharged thereof: And that these Members following be added to the Committee; viz. Sir John hamySir Robert Holty Sir Rob. Sir John

combe, Sir Wm. Lewis, Colonel , Colonel

lips, Colonel Leg, Sir Allen Apjley, Sir Courtney Poole, Mr.

Clifford, Sir Wm. Fleetwood, Sir Wm. Lowther, Colonel

Reames, Mr. Crouch, Sir Edm. , Sir Probert, Colonel Sandis, Sir Hen. WoMr. Onslow, Sir John

Holland, Sir Phil. Warwick, Colonel Progert, Sir Johh Goodrich, Mr. Westphaling, Sir Edm. Bowyer, Sir Rcb. Brooke, Sir Hum. Winch, Sir John Mr. Grd-

ham, Mr. Wm. Sandys, Mr. Torke, Sir Rich. Sir

Rob. Howard, Sir John Brampfion, Mr. Sir

John Nicholas, and all the Members that serve for the Cities of London and Westminster, and the County of Middlesex: And they are to meet on Wednesday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And they are to peruse the Act , and to-consider of some Means to impower the Commissioners- to gratify such Persons as shall be employed as Officers -in relation to the Hackney-Coaches; and to fee, whether the Act be defective In ally. other Particulars, and wherein; and what Additions or Amendments are necessary to be made thereto; and to make Report thereof to the Ploufe: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

:.i ' ->

A Message from the Ltirds, foy Sir 'Thomas Bermet and Sir JuJlinian Lewen-,

Mr. Speaker; The Lords have com mantled Us to- desire a present Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject-Matter of the last Conference.

The Messengers being called jn *, Mr. Speaker does acquaint them. That the House had agreed to a present Conference with the Lords, in the Painted -Chamber.

Ordered, That the Persons appointed -to manage the last Conference with the Lords do attend this Conference; and make Report of it to the House.

Mr. Sollicitor-General reports, from the Conference had with the Lords, That the Lords had concurred with this House in all their Alterations and Amendments to the Petition sent down from the Lords to this House.:

Ordered, That the Committee, to which the Bill far the better Observation of the Lord's Day was committed, be revived; and do fit in the Speaker's Chamber at Two of the Clock this Afternoon.

Sir Robert Athyns reports, from the Committee to which the Bill to prevent the Growth of Popery, and the I11-crease of PopifhReculants, was committed, several Amendments to the Bill: Winch he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Which Amendments were read the First time: And the several Amendments, precedent to the Amendment to the Eighth Line of the fifth Folio, were read the Second time*, and, on the Question, severally agreed to.

The Question being put, To agree to the Amendment to the Eighth Line of the Fifth Folio;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The next Amendment was read the Second time; and, on the Question, agreed to.

The next Amendment was read the Second time; and, on the Question, agreed to.

The rest of the Amendments, precedent to the last Amendment, by way of Addition, were read the Second time; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

The last Amendment, being read the Second time;

Resolved, See. That these Words, " Judges of Assize,'* be inserted in the Amendment.

Resolved, See. That the Amendment, with the Addition, be agreed to.

Ordered, That the further Debate upon this Bill be adjourned till Wednesday Morning next. Ten of the Clock , and then taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That these Persons following be added to the Committee, to which the Bill for making navigable the Rivers of Merfy and Weever was committed; Sir John Norton, Mr. Law. Hide, Sir John Trot, Mr. Clifford, Sir Rich. Everard, Colonel Fletcbvile, Sir Nich. Stuart, Sir Hum. Bennett, Sir TStrickland, Mr. Vowell, Mr. Giles Hungerford, and all the Members of the House that serve for the Counties of Lanca.ffirc and Cheshire.

.. - - - Ordered,

l£ Car* II Journals of the House of Commons. 4.61

Ordered, That the Committee for Trade be revived j and do fit at Two of the Clock, in the House, Tomorrow in the Afternoon.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Martis, 31° Martiiy 150 IP*.

Prayers.

ff\Rdered, That these Members following be added to the Committee, to which the Bill for veiling Mr.

Wadefon in the Office of Clerk of the Chamber of London was committed; viz. Sir Geo. Ryve, Captain

way, Sir Anthony Cope, Serjeant Sir John Birk-

enhead, Mr. Cornwall, Lord Bruce, Mr. Cory, Sir Rob. Holt, Sir Jeoffrey Shakerley, Major-General Egerton, Mr.

John Vaughan, Sir Wm. Smith, Serjeant Keeling, Sir 'Thomas Meres, Mr. Taylor.

The House taking Notice, That the Roof of tninster-Hall is much out of Repair, so as the Passage through the Hall, in rainy Weather, is very bad; and that the Hall will, in a short time, fall to Decay* if the Roof be not repaired j

Ordered, That the Warden of the do, on Summons, attend this House, Tomorrow Morning, to give an Account, whether he be not liable to take cate for the keeping the said Hall in Repair.

A Bill to repair the Highways in and other

Towns and Parishes in the Counties of Hertford and bridge, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be committed to the same Committee, to which the Bill for repairing Watling-street Highway was formerly committed: And all the Members of this House, that serve for the several Counties of Hertford, Huntington-, Cambridge, Lincolne, Torke, the Bishoprick of Durham, and County of Ware added to the Committee: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fehd for Persons, Papers* and Records.

A Bill to enable Sir John P and his Trustees, to fell, or otherwise dispose of, certain Lands, for the Payment of Debts, and raising Portions for younger Children, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Sii* Tho. Tompkins, Colonel Sandis, Mr. York, Lord Fanfhaw, Sir Cha. Berkley, Sir Cha.Harbord, Sir Rich. Oatley, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Hen. Newton, Mr. Newton, Sir Pye, Sir Fra.Vincent, Mr. Mr.;

Mr. Eyre, Sir Clifford Clifton, Mr. Mountague, Sir Cope, Sir Wm. Tirringham, Mr. Chichley, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Hen. Coventry, Sir EdtA. Peirce, Sir Rob. Holt, Sir

Lane. Lake, Colonel Phillips, Sir John Holland, Mr. Gaudy, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir John Brampfton, Sir John JTewtoti, Lord Richardson, Mr. Churchill, Colonei Sir Geo. Probert, Mr. Walden, Mr. Crouch, Lord Herbert, Sir Geo. Ryve, Lord Spencer, Sir Fra. Lawley, Colonel Lane, Mr. Goreing, Mr. Phillips, and all the Members of this House, that serve for the Counties of Buckingham and Worcester iAnd, they are to meet Tomorrow

at Two of the Clock* in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, arid Records.

Colonel Kirkby reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for settling the charitable Uses of John Was committed, several Amendments to the said Bill: "Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place 5 and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: And the fame, being twice read, were* upon the Question, severally agreed tov

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be fngrolfed.

Sir Charles Harbord reports, from the Committee to which the Bill against Pluralities of Benefices was committed, several Amendments, and a Proviso, to be added to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: And the Amendments, being twice read, were, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, Sec. That the Blank, as to the Distance of Miles, be filled up with the Word " Ten."

Resolved, &c. That the Clause concerning the Value of the Two Livings be omitted out of the Proviso.

Which was done accordingly.

Resolved, See. That the Bill, with the Amendments, be re-committed upon the present Debate concerning Curates: And they are to consider of the Consistency of the Proviso to this Bill, with those in the former Statutes: And Mr. Garway, Mr. and all the Gen-

tlemen of the Long Robe, are added to the said Committee: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And Mr. Thurland is to take elpecial Care thereof.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Thomas Bennet and Sir Justinian Lewen,

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have lent us to acquaint you. That they had received Notice from his Majesty, That his Pleasure is, to be attended by both Houses this Afternoon, in the Banqueting-House in Whitehall, at Four of the Clock.

Ordered, That all Committees, which were to fit this Afternoon, be adjourned j and do fit Tomorrow in the Afternoon*

Ordered, That all the Gentlemen that are of the Long Robe, be added to the Committee to whom the Two Bills concerning Rogues and Vagabonds are committed.

Resolved, Sec. That the House, on Thursday next, will resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the Bill for Increase of the Main? tenance of Ministers in Cities, Towns-Corporate, and Market-Towns.

And then the House adjourned till this Afternoon, Three of the Clock.

Post Merid*

THE House met, in order to attend His Majesty at

Whitehall: And

A4joufned till Tomorrow, Eight of the Clock in the Morning.

Die Mer'curiiy i6 AJprilis, 150 Car. IF1.

Prayers.

A Bill for settling the Hospital of Sh Ofwatd in Worcestershire was this Day read the Second time. Resolved, Sec. That the said Bill be committed to Sir Rowland Berkley, Mr. Geo. Clarke, Mr. Westphfiling. Sir Bain iTbrockmor ton, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Knight, Sir

ley. Sir Tho. Tompkins, Sir Wm. Lowther, Mr. James, Dr. Burwell, Mr. Lowther, Mr.. Sandis, Sir Rob. Atkyns, Sir Wm- Lewis, Colonel Robinson, Sir John Brampfton, Sir John Birkinbead, Sir John Buncombe, Sir Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Manwaring, Dr. Sir Edm.

Peirce, Mr. Sprye, Mr. Street, Sir Rich. Colonel

Sandis, Mr. Ernley, Sir John Packinton, Sir John Sir Hen. Newton, Mr. Chetwyn, Mr. Eyre, and all the Members of this House that serve for the County of Worcester: Arid they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

6A Sir

4&Z Journals of the House of Commons. 1663.

Sir Robert Atkins reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for the Naturalizing of Charlotte and others, was committed. That the Committee had taken into Consideration the Cafe, with the Certificates, concerning the several Persons mentioned in the Bill, being Fourteen in Number , and found, that they were all clearly capable, according to the Statute, of being naturalized: And delivered in the Bill at the Clerk's Table.

The Question being put. That the Name of James Taudin shall stand in the Bill;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Sir Rich. Mauleverer, f Tellers for the Yeas i 7

Sir Geo. Probert, \ With the Yeas, J ^I*

Sir John Coriton, X Tellers for the Noes: 7

Sir Rob. Brooke, \ With the Noes, j44'

And so it passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, That the Bill for the rest of the Persons be ingrossed;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Name of Mrs. Abigal,

Daughter of Sir John Hollandbe inserted into this Bill for Naturalization.

Ordered, That the Name of Thomas be in-

ferted into this Bill of Naturalizing.

A Bill for confirming an Award, made by the King's Majesty, for settling the Differences between John Lord Marquis of Winchester, and Charles Lord St. John, his eldest Son; and the Conveyances in pursuance of the Award; was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, Scc % That this Bill be read the Second time

On Friday next.

Mr. Crouch reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for enabling Mr. Edward Challoner to make Provision . for his Wife and Children was committed, some Amendments to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Which were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, See. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

A Bill for apportioning Rents, and preventing concurrent Leases of the Lands of Bishops, and other Eccle-liastical Persons, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill be committed to Sir Cha. Harbord, Mr. John Vaug Sir Rob. Atkyns, Sir TVm. Compton, Serjeant Keeling, Mr. Mountague, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Crouch, Sir Wm. Lowther, Mr.

Sir Rich. Onslow, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Treasurer, Sir Rich.

Oalley, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Attorney of the Duchy, Sir Wm. Hickman, Sir Rowland Berkley, Mr. Culleford, Mr.

Sprye, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Pryn, Dr. Burwell, Sir Edm. Peirce, Mr. Waller, Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. Coventry, Sir Tho. Tompkins, Sir Cha. Huffey, Sir Wm. Lewis, Mr.

Hungerford, Mr. Gaudy, Mr. Knight, Sir Anth. Cope, Sir Edw. Walpoole, Sir John Holland, Mr. Fane, Sir Hen. Newton, Mr. Pepis, Mr. Morice: And they are to meet In the Speaker's Chamber, on Friday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Speaker reports, from his Majesty, That the Lord Chancellor did tender the Petition of both Houses, with a short Speech: And that then the Petition was read to his Majesty: Which he received very graciously; and returned an Answer to it: And did deliver his Speech, which he had made in Answer to it, in Writing, to Mr. Speaker: Which he read to this House: Which was as followeth:

My Lords and Gentlemen,

V O U do not expect, that I should give you an Answer A presently to your Petition: Yet I will tell you, that I will speediJy fend you an Answer , which, I am confi-

dent, will be to your Satisfaction. It may bd, the general Jealously of the Nation hath made this Address necessary: And, indeed, I believe, nothing hath more contributed to that Jealously, than My own Confidence, that it was impossible there should be any such Jealously , and the Effects of that Confidence: But I shall give you Satisfaction j and then, I am fore, you will easily satisfy and compose the Minds of the Nation.

I confess, my Lords and Gentlemen, I have heard of one Jealously, which I will never forgive the Authors of j " That I had a Jealously of your Affections; that I was offended with the Parliament to that Degree, that I intend* ed to dissolve it." They say. Men are naturally most angry with those Reports which reflect upon their Under (landing; which makes them thought weak Men. Truly, 1 should appear a very weak Man, if I should have any such Passion, any such Purpose.

No, my Lords and Gentlemen, I will hot part with you upon these Terms: Never King was so much beholden to a Parliament, as I am to you: And, if My Kindness to you, and My Confidence in you, be not proportionable, I am behind-hand with you i Which, God willing, I will not be.

Mr. Speaker, and you, Gentlemen of the House of Commons, I am willing to take this Occasion to give you My particular Thanks, for your great Kindness, in taking hold upon an easy Intimation, rather than an Invitation from Me, to enter upon the Consideration of My Revenue: It was kindly done, and I shall never forget it. I have given Order, that you be folly informed of the true State of it; and then I know you will do that which is good for Me and you. And, I pray, purfoe your good Resolution, in putting the Kingdom into such a Posture, that we may prevent, at least not fear, any desperattt Insurrection.

Ordered \That the Committee for Trade do fit con* stantly ort every Monday and Wednesday in the Afternoon 1 And that no other Committee do then fit*

Ordered, That the Committee for the King's Majesty's Revenue do fit constantly every Friday and Saturday in the Afternoon: And that no other Committee do then fit*

The House then, according to the Order made on Monday last, took into Debate the Matter upon the Bill to prevent the Growth of Popery.

Resolved, See. That the Bill to prevent the Growth of* Popery be re-committed to the former Committee, upon the present Debate: And that the Provisoes brought in, and such other Provisoes as shall be offered, be referred to the Consideration of the same Committee: And the Committee is hereby revived: And they are to fit Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And no other Committee to fit then.

Ordered, That the Report concerning the Militia be heard on Friday.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die jfovisy 2° Aprilis, Car, IIdl

Prayers.

MR S. Abigal Holland, Daughter of Sir John Holland Baronet, did, this Day, take the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance at the Clerk's Table, in order to her being naturalized.

Ordered, That Mr. Knight, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Tre-lawney, Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. Mr. Specot, be

added to the Committee, to which the Bill concerning Mr. Wadefon is committed.

5 &Bili

Car. II. Journals of the House of Commons. 463

A Bill for Confirming of Two Decrees made in the Exchequer was this Day read the First: time.

Resolved, &c. That, this Bill be read the Second time On Saturday Morning next.

A Petition of divers Inhabitants in Chace was

this Day read.

Ordered, That this Petition be committed to the same Committee, to which the Bill concerning the Poor of Enfeild dace is committed.

Sir John Birkinhead reports, from the Committee to

which the Bill for the Impowering of Sir John Drake Knight and Baronet, and others, to make Sale of the Manor of Limington in the County of , for Payment of the Portion of Ellen Widow, one of the

Daughters of Sir John Drake Knight, deceased, was committed, several Amendments to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place j and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: And the Amendments, being twice read, were, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, See. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Towns of

ton, Goodmanchester, and other Towns in,

was read.

Resolved, &c. That this Petition be referred to the same Committee, to which the Bill for Repair of the Highways of Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire is committed; to consider, whether they can conveniently make Provision, in that Bill, for the Repairing of Highways, mentioned in the Petition or, whether it be not fit to have a tiew Bill brought in for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the Committee, appointed to review the Act for repairing the Highways and Sewers, and for paving and keeping dean the Cities of London and West-mittfter, and for the Regulating and Licensing of Hackney-Coachmen, do take an Account, from the Commissioners, what they have done in that Work; and what Money is received, and disbursed therein; and do hasten their Report upon that Act.

Sir John Birkinhead reports, from the Committee to whom the Two Bills concerning the Draining of Lindsey Level are committed, the Opinion of the Committee, That the House be desired to appoint a Day for the Hearing of the whole Matter at the Bar of their House j thereby to determine by whom the said Fens shall be drained.

Resolved, &c. That the Matter upon the Two Fills depending in this House, for the Draining of Lindsey Level, be heard, at the Bar of this House, on This-day-month.

The House then resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed on the Bill for the Increase of the Maintenance of Ministers in Cities, Towns-Corporate, and Market-Towns.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Meres took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker reafliimed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Meres reports, That the Committee had made some further Progress in the said Bill , and the Opinion of the Committee, That the House would, on Saturday next, at Ten of the Clock in the Morning, re-lolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take the said Bill into further Consideration.

Resolved, &c. That the House, on Saturday next, at Ten of the Clock in the Morning, will relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into further Consideration the Bill for Increase of the Maintenance of IVIinifters in Cities, Towns-Corporate, aid Market-T owns.

A Message fronvthe Lords, by Sir Thomas Bennett and

Sir Justinian Lewen,

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent us to acquaint you. That they desire a present Conference, in the Painted Chamber, touching a Message newly received from his Majesty.

The Messengers being called in; Mr. Speaker does acquaint them, That the House had agreed to a present Conference with the Lords, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Sollicitor-General, Sir Sir Rob. Atkyns, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Vaughan, Serjeant

Keeling, and Sir John Holland, do attend this Conference with the Lords; and report the same to the House.

Sir Heneage Finch reports, from the Conference had with the Lords, That the Effect of it was, to communicate a Message to this House, which the Lords had received from his Majesty (with Direction to impart it to the House of Commons), in Answer to the Petition of both Houses, presented to his Majesty; Which Answer, being in Writing, was read , and after, delivered in at the Clerk's Table; and then read again; Which is as followeth: Viz.

TTIS Majesty having seriously considered and weighed *- the humble Representation and Petition of his Lords , and Commons ailembkd in Parliament, and the great Affection and Duty with which the same was prcLnted unto Him j and after having made some Reflections upon Himlelf, and His own Actions; is not a little troubled, that H.s Lenity and Condescensions towards many of the Pop.fh Persuasion, which were but natural Effects of His Ger.erofity and Good-nature, and after having lived so many Years in the Dominions of Roman-Ca-tholick Princes, and out of a just Memory of what many of them had done and suffered in the Service of His Royal Father, of blessed Memory, and of some eminent Services performed by others of them towards His Majesty Himself, in the Time of His greatest Affliction, have been made so ill Use of, and lo ill deserved, that the Resort of Jesuits and Priests, into this Kingdom, hath been thereby increased; with which His Majesty is, and hath long been, highly offended: And, therefore, His Majesty readily co.ncurrs with the Advice of His Two Houses of Parliament; and hath given Order for the Preparing and Ifiuing out of such a Proclamation as is desired; with the same Clause, referring to the Treaty of Marriage, as was in the Proclamation, which, upon the like Occasion, issued out, upon the Advice of both Houses of Parliament, in the Year 1640: And His Majesty will take further care, that the same shall be effectual, at least to a greater Degree than any Proclamation of this Kind hath ever been. And His Majesty further declares, and allures both His Houses of Parliament, and all His loving Subjects of all His Dominions, That, as His Affection and Zeal for the Protestant Religion, and the Church of England, hath not been concealed, or untaken Notice of in the World; so He is not, nor will ever be, so sollicitous for the settling His own Revenue, or provide-ing any. other Expedients for the Peace and Tranquillity of the Kingdom, as for the Advancement and Improvement of the Religion Established *, and for the using and applying all proper and effectual Remedies, to hinder the Growth of Popery: Both which He doth, in Truth, look upon as the best Expedient to establish the Peace and Prosperity of all His Kingdoms.

Given at Our Court at Whitehall, this First Day of April 1663, in the Fifteenth Year of Our Reign.

Resolved, &c. That the humble Thanks of this House be returned to the King's Majesty, for his gracious Mef-sage.

Resolved, See. That the Concurrence of the Lords be desired to this Vote: And that Mr. Sollicitor-General do go to the Lords, to desire their Concurrence,

A Mef-

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Thomas Bennett and Sr Justinian Lewett \

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill, to enable Edward Marquis of Worcester to receive the Benefit and Profit of a Water-commanding Engine* by him invented , One Tenth-Part whereof is appropriated for the Benefit of the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Ordered, That this Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morn* ing, Eight of the Clock.

Windham, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Bain. Co*-

lonel Kirkby, Sir John Marley, Sir Rob. Sir John

Dawney, Mr. Greenvile, Sir Rich. , Sir John

Brampflon, Mr. Knight, Sir Wm. Compton, Colonel Reames, Sir Rob. Howard, Sir John T, Mr. , Sir Tho.

Thompkins, Sir Lane. Lake Lord , Sir Eim.

Peirce, Colonel Fretchzile, Sir Nich. Steward, Mr. Harvey, Sir Rich. Onslow, Sir Cha. Colonel Robin-

son, and all the Members of this House that serve for the County of Southampton: And they are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber, on Tuesday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Die Veneris, 30 Aprilis, 1 Car. Hdi

Prayers.

UPON Information given on the Behalf of Mark Mason, who was taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, for arresting of Roger Barket, the menial Servant of William Griffith Esquire, a Member of this House, That the said Mason did not know him to be lo, when he arrested him; but was employed by one John Terry, Haberdasher;

And the said Mason having submitted himself; and Mr. Griffith being satisfied, and consenting that he be discharged;

Ordered, That the said Mark Mason be discharged from the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, paying his Fees.

.Upon Information, That John Terry, Haberdasher, did employ Mark Mason to arrest Roger Barket, the menial Servant of Mr. Griffith, a Member of this House; and was present, when it was done; and, after the said Barket did shew his Protection, and M$fon would have discharged him, the said Terry bid him do it at his Peril , and threatened to make him pay the Debt if he did j

Ordered, That the said John Terry be sent for in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, for his Breach of Privilege, in causing Roger Barket, the menial Servant of Mr. Griffith, a Member of this House, to be arrested and detained.

Ordered, That the Committee, appointed to review and peruse the Act concerning the indigent loyal Officers, be revived; and do fit on Tuesday next in the Afternoon: And Colonel Arundelland Colonel Trelawney are added to the Committee.

Ordered, That the Committee, to which the Bill to prevent the Growth of Popery is re-committed, be revived and do fit Tomorrow in the Afternoon: And that the Committee concerning the King's Revenue, and all other Committees, do forbear to fit then.

Sir John Birkinhead reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for making navigable the Two Rivers of Mersey and Weever was committed, several Amendments to the said Bill: And the same being twice read} and, with the Addition of the Name of Sir Henry Brooke, instead of William Lejtwych, upon the Question, severally agreed to;

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

A Bill to enable Edward Marquis of Worcester to receive the Benefit of a Water-Engine, by him invented, was read.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill to confirm an Award made by his Majesty, for composing the Differences between John Lord Marquis of Winchester, and Charles Lord St. John, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be committed to Lord Herbert, Sir John Norton, Lord Bruce, Mr. Sir

Hum. Bennet, Sir Wm. Lewis, Sir Hum. Winch, Colonel

A Bill for settling the Jurisdiction of the Admiralty was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, &cc. That this Bill be read again the Second time on This-day-sevennight.

Sir Thomas Metes reports, from the Committee appointed to peruse the Act concerning the Militia, with other Acts, That the Committee had taken a great Care and Pains in perusing the Act of the Militia; and had heard the several Objections which had been made against the Bill (which he did open to the House); and had thereupon considered the Defects therein: And, for Supply thereof, and the better settling the Militia, had, according to the Power given them, prepared a new additional Bill: Which he delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

The additional Act for the better ordering the Forces in the several Counties of this Kingdom was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read ,the Second time on Thursday next.

Ordered, That the Reporter, who does report the Amendments to any Bill, do, after the same are agreed by the House, fee that the same be duly entered in the Bill, that the Bill may be righdy ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill, for fetding the charitable Use of John Guefl, was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be. An Act for fetding the charitable Gift of John Guejl.

t

"And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

DieSabbati, 4.0 ApriliS} 150 Car. IIdI Regis.

Prayers.

QRdered, That the Committee, to which the Two Bills concerning the Draining of Bedford Level were committed, have Leave to fit on Monday next, notwithstanding the Order for the Committee for Trade-to fit.

A Bill on the Behalf of the Plumbers, to prevent Abuses in the Adulteration of Lead, was read the First time.

The Question being put, That this Bill be read the Second time

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

('Tellers for the Yeas:*) I With the Yeas, / 3 fTellers for the Noes -I With the Noes, 42

Sir Rich. Onslow, Sir John Brampflon, Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. Clifford,

And so it passed in the Negative.

Mr. Crouch reports, from the Committee to which the Bill to enable Sir John Packington and his Trustees, to sell and dispose Lands for Payment of Debts, and Provision for younger Children, That the Committee had carefully perused and considered of the Bill; and found Cause only to make one Amendment thereto: Which was twice read , and, on the Question, agreed to.

Resolvedt

Car. If. journals of the House of Commons. 46$

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendment agreed to, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Bill, brought in to preserve the Spawn of Fish, and Fishing in fresh Rivers, be read dtx Monday Morning.

A Bill for confirming Two Decrees, made in the Duchy, and Exchequer, for settling certain Inclosures of Lands, was read the Second time.

Refohed&c. That the said Bill be committed to Sir Tho. Tompkins, Mr. Croke, Mr. Hen. , Mr. Wm.

Coventry, Mr. Westpba ling, Sir Solomon Swale, Lord Fan-shaw, Sir Roger Brad/haigb, Sir Wm. , Colonel

Fretcbvile, Sir Edm. Pye, Mr. , Sir Bain. Trock-morton, Colonel Windham, Sir Geo. , Colonel Sir Edm. Peirce, Mr. Hoby, Sir John Mr.

Crouch, Mr. Sandis, Sir &?£. Sir Gee.

Mr. Hunger ford. Sir Smith, Mr. Kent, Sir 7*6* Dawney, Sir R/V&. Temple, Sir A/VA Ingoldsby, Sir Cfe‘-chester Wray, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Knight, Mr. Mr.

Taylor, Mr. Sir iV/YA. Steward, and all the Members of this House that serve for the Counties of Derby and Stafford: And they are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber, on Tuesday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition being tendered ort the Behalf of the Brewers of the City of Norwich,

And there being another Petition of the Brewers of London, and Places adjacent, and allb a Petition of the Corporation of Brewers of the City of , lately brought in; which Two last Petitions were referred to the Committee of the whole House, for his Majesty's Revenue; but That Committee having not since met, no Proceedings have been had thereupon,

Ordered, That the Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, and Company of the Brewers of the City of London, and Places adjacent, be referred to the Sub-Committee, appointed by the Committee of the whole House, to in-ipedt that Branch of his Majesty's Revenue, which does arise by the Excise, to take the said Petition into their Consideration , and to summon and hear all Parties concerned: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And to make Report of their Proceedings, and Opinions therein, to the House: And that the said Sub-committee be made a Committee of the House* and shall have Leave to fit on Monday next, notwithstanding the Order for the Sitting of the Committee of Trade.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Corporation of Brewers, of the City of Bristol, be referred to the Sub-committee, appointed by the Committee of the whole House, to inspect That Branch of his Majesty's Revenue, which does arise by the Excise; to take the said Petition into their Consideration', and to summon and hear all Parties concerned: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And to make Report of their Proceedings, and Opinions therein, to the House: And that the said Sub-committee he made a Committee of the House: And shall have Leave to fit on Monday next, notwithstanding the Order for the Sitting of the Committee of Trade.

Ordered, That the Petition on the Behalf of the Brewers of the City of Norwich be referred to the Sub-committee appointed by the Committee of the whole House, to inipedt That Branch of his Majesty's Revenue which doesalrile by the Excise; to take the said Petition into their Consideration , and to summon and hear all Parties concerned: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And td make Report of their Proceedings* and Opinions therein, to the House: And that the lad Sub-committee be made a Committee of the House: And shall have JLeave to fit on Monday next, notwithstanding the Order for the Sitting of the Committee of Trade.

'The Names of the said Sub-committee are as followeth } viz. Sir John Goodrich, Sir Tho. Gower, Sir Wm.

Sir Hen. North, Sir Rob. Holt, Lord Falkland, Sir Rich.

% "ciftple. Sir Hen, Newton, Mr. Sollicitor-General, Six' S6-

lomon Swale,. Mr, Mufgfave, Sir Hum. Winch, Sir Clem. Fisher, Mr. Knight, Colonel Sandis, Mr. Strickland-, Mr. Geo. Mountague, Mr. Wm. Sandis, Mr. Elliot, Sir John

Covert, Sir John Talbot, Mr. Garraway, Mr. John Vaughan, Sir Tho. Meres, Colonel Windham, Sir Courtney Poole, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Westfaling, Sir Tho. Tompkins, Mr.

Mr. Williams, Sir Edw. Moseley, Sir Geo. Downing, Sir Tho. Wendy, Colonel Strangwayes. Sir Rich. Oatley, Mr.

Bockland, Sir John Birkinhead, Mr. Scawen, Sir Cha.

fey, Mr. Hide, Mr. Culleford, Mr. Chowne, Sir Fra. Law-ley, Sir Roger Bradshaigh* Mr. Clifford, Mr. Lowther, Sir John Morley, Sir Gtlb. Gerrard, Mr. Fane, Colonel

Whitley, Sir Edm. Peirce, Sir Nich. , Sir Wm.

Hickman, Sir Clifford Clifton, Mr. Rryn, Mr. Jones, Sir John Frederick, Sir Wm. Tompfo Sir Richard Powlet, Sir

Bain. Throckmorton.

An ingrossed Bill to impower Sir John Drake, and others;, to make Sale of Lands for Payment of the Portion of Ellen Brifcoe Widow, was this Day read the Third time;

Resolved, See, That the said Bill do pass: And that the Tide shall be. An Act to impower Sir John Drake, and others, to make Sale of Lands for Payment of the Portion of Ellen Brifcoe Widow: And that Sir John Birkinhead do carry up the Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence;

Ordered, That these Members following be added to the Committee* appointed to review the Act for Regulating the Prels; viz.Sir John Mr. , Sir

Lane. Lake, Sir Cha. Harbord, Mr. Crouch, Sir Wm. Compton, Mr. Jay, Sir Edmund Peirce, Mr. Westfaling, Sir Rich. Oatley, Mr. Hungerford, Colonel; Mr.

Graham, Sir John Birkinhead, Sir Rob. Atkyns, Colonel Legg-, Mr. Knight, Mr. Pepis, Sir Tho. , Sir Geo. Prd-bert. Lord Bruce, Sir Hen. Herbert, Sir Newton, Mr. Bulteele, Mr. Wm. Sandis, Mr. Crooke, Sir Tho.

Sir John Holland, Mr; Lewis, Sir Hen. North, Mr. Burnaby, Mr. Wren, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Sir Nich.

Steward: And they are to meet on next, at Two

of the Clock in the Afternoon, and to expedite their Report upon the said Act.

A Bill to enable Edward Lord Marquis of WoYcester to receive the Benefit of a Water-commanding Engine, by him invented, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill be committed to Lord St. John, Sir Geo. Probert, Sir Rob. , Mr. Clifford, Sir John Goodrich, Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. Wm. Sandis, Mr. Chichley, Sir Tho. Ingram, Mr. , Mr.

Serjeant Charlton, Lord Herbert, Lord Bruce, Mr. Hen. Coventry, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Birch, Sir Tho. T Mr. John Vaughan, Sir Rich. Braham, Sir John Birkin-

head, Mr. Wren, Sir Rowland Berkley, Colonel Fletch-vile. Sir Geo. Downing, Mr. Westfaling, Mr. Waller, Sir Cha. Harbord, Mr. Wm. Mountague, Colonel Windham\ Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Sprye, Sir , Sir Rich. On-

flow, Mr. Gaudy, Mr. Prideaux, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Humphrey Bennet, Colonel Gilby, Sir Wm. , Sir

Solomon Swale, Mr. Geo. Mountague, Mr. Morice-, Sir John Low, Sir John Holland, Sir Roger Rradjhaigbi Sir Nich. Steward, Mr. Whorwood, Sir John , Sir

John Norton, Mr. Cornwallis: And they are to meet on Tuesday next, in the Exchequer-Chamber, at TwO of the Clock in the Afternodn: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And it is recommended to the Committee, to provide, That, after the Death of the Lord Marquis, the Benefit of the Water-commanding Engine may come to the Lord Herbert his Son.

An ingrossed Sill to enable Edward Esquire

to make Provision for his Wife, and younger Children, was read.

Resolveid, Sec. That the said Bill do pals: And that the Title shall be, An Act to enable Edward Challoner Esquire 6B to

to make Provision for Anne his Wife, and his younger Children.

A Bill for the better regulating Common Fields was read the Second time.

Rep I rd, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Sir

Anth. Cope, Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir Hen. Sir

Walpoole, Mr. Fane, Sir John Buncombe, Sir John rick, Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. Whorwood, Mr. Sir

Nub. Steward, Sir Hen. Herbert, Sir Courtney Poole, Mr. Prideaux, Mr. Clifford, Sir Hen. Newton, Sir Tho. , Sir Wm.Tompson, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir John Talbot, Sir Rob. Atkyns, Mr. Fowell, Sir Jordan Crojland, Colonel Jon, Colonel Leg, Mr. Spencer, Sir Geo. Sir

Lane. Lake, Lord Richardson, Major-General Egerton, Mr. Aldworth, Lord Herbert, Sir Rich. Temple, Sir Cha. Huffey, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Knight, Sir Edm. Peirce: And all the Members of this House that shall come to the Committee, are to have Votes thereat: And they are to meet in the Exchequer-Chamber, at Two of the Clock in the- Afternoon, on Thursday next: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Sollicitor-Genetal reports. That he had attehded the Lords, to desire their Concurrence to the Vote of this House, for Thanks to be returned to his Majesty for his gracious Message: And that the Lords had returned Answer, That they had considered of the Message; arid did fully agree to the Vote of this House: And that they had appointed Six of their Members to attend his Majesty , and desired this House to name a double Number of their Members, to join with them: And as soon they had Notice when his Majesty would be attended* they Would give Intimation of it to this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Sollicitor-General, Mr. Fane, Mr. Clifford, Sir Edw. Walpoole, Sir Wm. Compton, Sir Robert

Atkyns, Sir John Goodrich, Mr. Waller, Sir John Bun-comb, Mr. Treasurer, Lord Herbert, and the Lord St. John, be appointed to join with the Members named by the Lords, to attend his Majesty, to return him Thanks for his Gracious Message, in answef to the Petition of both Houses presented to his Majesty, concerning JesuitS and Popish Priests.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the Bill for the Increase of the Maintenance of Ministers in Towns-Corporate and Market-Towns.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Tho. Meres took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Tho. Meres reports. That the Committee had made some further Progress in the said Bill , and the Opinion of the Committee, That the House would, on Tuesday next, at Ten of the Clock in the Morning, relblve itself into a Committee again, to take the said Bill into further Consideration.

Resolved, &c. That the House, on Tuesday next, at Ten of the Clock in the Morning, will relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into further Consideration, the Bill for Increase of the Maintenance of Ministers, in Cities, Towns-Corporate, and Market-Towns.

The House adjourn till Monday Morning, Eight Clock.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read again the Second time, on Wednesday next.

Mr. Crouch reports, from the Committee, to which the Bill to make void a Fine, whereby the Tide of Mr. Newport to certain Lands and Houses is barred, was committed. That the Committee had fumirioned all Persons concerned: And that one who pretends Title

to the Lands and Houses, as also Mr. Newport, were, by Counsel, several times heard what they could offer on either Side, in relation to their respective Claimfe: And did state the whole Matter offaft, as it did appear to the Committee; and their Opinion, That Mr. Newport had made out a good Title, if the Fine were not set up to bar him: But that the Desire of the Committee was, in respect the Matter did relate to a Fine, to have the Opinion of the House therein, whether they should proceed upon the Bill.

Resolved, See. That the Committee do proceed td report the Bill to the House.

Ordered, I'hat the Committee, td which the Bill to prevent the Growth of Popery was committed, have Leave to fit this Afternoon, notwithstanding the Order for the Sitting of the Committee of Trade*

The tioufe then resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the Matter of his Majesty's Revenue.

Mr. Speaker left the Chain

Sir Robert Atkyns took the Chair of the Committee;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkyns reports, from the Committee, Thai they had made some further Progress in his Majesty's Revenue: And that the Committee are of Opinion, That the House would impower the Sub-committee appointed to inspect That Branch of his Majesty's Revenue, arising by Hearths and Chimnies, to peruse the Act for raising the same , and to consider wherein it may be defective; and how it may be supplied , and to report the fame,

Resolved, &c. That the Sub-committee, appointed to inspect That Branch of his Majesty's Revenue arising by Hearths and Chimnies, be a Committee of the House: Who have Power to perilfe the Act for raising of a Revenue by Hearths and Chimnies i and to consider of the Defects therein; and how they may be supplied; and to report the same to the House: And all Members that come to the said Committee, are to have Voices thereat.

The Names of the Committee are as followeth, viz. Sir Cha. Berkley, Sir Rich. T mple, Mr. Progers, Mr. , Sir John Buncomb, Sir Rich. Onslow, Sir Antb. Cope, Co-

lonel Robinson, Sir John Covet, Sir John Talbot, Lord Richardson, Sir John Goodrich, Sir John Brampjion, Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. Bamaby, Sir Wm. Lowther, Mr. gons. Sir Hen. Lee, Sir Rob. Holt, Mr. Clarke, Colonel Strangwayes, Mr. Clifford, Sir Gerrard, Sir Wm. Lewis, Sir Courtney Poole, Sir HNorth, Sir Tho. Strick-

land, Sir Bain. Throckmorton, Mr. Baniel, Sir Allen sley, Sir Edm. Peirce, Lord Herbert, Mr. Milward, Mr. Mujgrave, Sir John Coriton, Mr. Trelawney, Sir Geo. Bowning, Sir Tho. Middleton, Sir Hum. Winch, Mr. Jay, Mr. Greenvile, Mr. Pryn, Sir Geo. Ryve, Sir John Fre-

derick, Sir Phil. Warwick, Mr. Sprye, Sir Phil. Mujgrave, Mr. Culleford, Mr. Garraway, Colonel Sandis, Baron of

Kinderton, Sir John Birkinhead, Mr. Pepis, Mr. Glascock, Mr. Whorwood, Mr. Bulteele, Mr. Coventry.

Die Dunce, 6° April. 150 Car. IP Regis.

CrtObn Van Wachtendonck did this Day take the Oaths of J Allegiance and Supremacy, before Mr. Speaker, at the Clerk's Table, in order to his being naturalized.

Prayers.

A Bill to preserve the Spawn of Fish, and Fishing in fresh Rivers, was this. Day read the First time.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Justinian and Sir Nathaniel Hobart,

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint you. That they received a Message from his Majesty, That he may be attended by the Members of both Houses, this Afternoon at Six of the Clock: And that the Lord Chamberlain would be then ready in the Gallery, at Whitehall, to bring them to his Majesty.

Resolved, See. That, the Committee, to whom it is rei $ ferred

ferred to examine the Excise, be impowered to receive Petitions and Proposals for the Improvement or Regula-, tion of that Revenue.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

*Die Martis,70 Aprilis, 150 Car. 11 Regis.

MR. George Willoughby did this Day take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, before Mr. Speaker, at the Clerk's Table, in order to his being naturalized.

Prayers.

Ordered, That Serjeant Keeli, Sir Rob. Alky ns*, Mr.

Grouch, Sir Henry North, and Mr. , do prepare and

bring in a Bill for the better Observation of the Lord's Day.

Ordered That these Pfersons following be added to the Committee, to which the Bill for confirming an Award made by his Majesty, for composing the Differences between John Lord Marquis of and Charles Lord

St. Joviz. Colonel StrangwayesMr. Sir

Antb. Irby, Mr. Milward, Mr. , Sir James

Mr. Howard, Sir Tho. Strickland, Mr. Newion.

A Petition of Daniell Witcbe Gentleman was this Day read.

Ordered, That this Petition of Mr. Witcberley be referred to the same Committee, to which the Bill for confirming an Award made by his Majesty, for settling the jDifferences between the Marquis of Winchester and the Lord St. John, was committed: And that Sir George Carteret t, Colonel Grey, Colonel Williams, Sir and all the Members of this House, that are of the Long Robe, are added to the Chmihittee.

Ordered, That Anthoney B'ujhell be ifent for, in Custody to f the Serjeant at Arms attending this House; to answer his Contempt in not attending the Committee, to Whom it was referred to examine an Abuse by him committed* klthough he was summoned to attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That all the Members of this House that are of the Long Robe, be added to the Committee, to which the Bill concerning Mines Royal was committed.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; Sir Wm.

Hickman, Mr. Finch, Mr. Holy, Mr. Sir Cha.

Hujfey, Sir Tho. Allen, SxxTho. Mr. Hollis, Mr.

Holman, Sir Robert Cordell, Lord Mr.

.Sir Rich. Powle, Mr. Maynard-, Mr. Sir Tho. Lee,

Mr, Garway, Mr. Hampden, Sir Maurice Berkley, Sir Edw. Littleton, Sir Nich. Steward.

A Bill for restoring his Majesty to Eight thoularid Acres in the Eight hundred Fen in

Resolved, That this Bill be read the Second time Oft This-day-sevennight.

Ordered, That the Warden of the Fleet do attend Mr; Attorney and Mr. Sollicitor-General; and do shew unto them by what Title he does claim the Shops standing in Westminster-Halb, to the end that, if he cannot make out st good Title thereto, the Rents of the Shops may be employed towards the keeping the Hall in Repair.

A Bill for Naturalizing of George Willoughby Gentleman was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time

on Thursday next.

Ordered, That the Committee For Grievances hare Leave to fit Tomorrow in the Afternoon, notwithstanding the Order for the Sitting of the Committee of Trade.

Upon Complaint made to the House of a printed Paper, which was dispersed amongst-the Members at the House-Door, intituled, The Mayor of s

Cafe," That the same did contain Matter of Scandal against several Persons of Quality;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, after they have heard the same between Sir William Dudley and Mr. to examine

the Matter as to the printed Paper; and make Report to the House.

Sir Robert Atkyns reports, from the Committee, to

which it was referred to prepare and bring in Sumptuary Laws, to prevent Encroachments in Trade by the Jews', French, and other Foreigners, several Heads agreed by the Committee; and resolved to be reported to the Housei as the Advice of the Committee: Which were as followed; viz.

That a free Exportation of Foreign Corn will be for the Advantage of the Trade of the Kingdom.

That Bills and Bonds be made assignable.

That there be a Liberty of exporting Wheat, when die Price of a Quarter of Wheat, after Winchester Measure; is not exceeding Forty-eight Shillings, at the Place of Exportation; and so of all other Corn and Grain proportionably.

That when Wheat does not exceed Five Shillings a Bushel, and other Corn and Grain does not exceed that Price proportionably, there may be a Liberty of laying up Corn in Store, without incurring any Penalty.

That when Wheat does not exceed the Price of Six Shillings a Bushel, at the Place where any Wheat shall be imported; and so of other Corn and Grain proportion- ably, that the Custom upon every Bushel of Wheat imported, shall be Eight-pence; and so of other Corn and Grain imported proportionably.

That no Commodities of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of Europe (the Wines of Medera, and the Western Islands, and Salt employed for the Fishery of New-England and Newfoundland excepted), shall be carried into any English Plantation in Asia, Africa, of America (Tangier excepted), but from England, and in Ship-ing belonging to the People of England, whereof the Matter, and Two Third Parts of the Mariners at leafti are English.

That these Two Clauses be added to the last Refblve; viz.

1. That where any Person shall' take in any Goods for the fad Plantations, in any Other Port or Place than in England, as is above expressed, the said Ship* and such Goods, so taken in, shall be forfeited.

2. And that there be the like Penalty inflicted upon the Commissioners, and other Officers of the Customs, that shall give any Warrant, or suffer any Goods of the Growth of the English Plantations, which are, by a certain Act, for Ehcouraging and Increasing of Shipping and Navigation, to be brought into England or j or Principality of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, until they have been unladen in some Port or Place of England ox Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed.

That a higher Custom be hud upon all Cattle that shall be brought over from Ireland into England, between the First of June and the Twentieth of December, in every Year.

That the King's Majesty be humbly moved, from the House, to take care for the Encouraging of the Vent of Woolen and other Manufactures of England, into Scotland and Ireland; and that no Impositions be laid or continued in those Kingdoms, that may discourage the Vent of them.

That the King's Majesty be humbly moved, from the House, to give-Leave* that there be a constant free Exportation of Geldings; and that he would be plealed to recall his Proclamation that restrains their Exportation.

That his Majesty be humbly desired, by the House, that no confulary Power be continued, or hereafter granted, to any Persons, but at the Desire of the Merchants, and

by

by their Nomination, with his Majesty's Approbation; and at such Allowances and Salaries only as the Merchants shall consent to give them.

Which Votes of Advice were delivered in at the Clerk's 'Table; and read.

Resolved ', See. That it be referred to Sir Downing., Sir Rob. Atkyns, Mr. Jones, Mr. Attorney of the Duchy, Mr Pryn, Serjeant Charlton, Serjeant Keeling, Sir Tho.

Littleton, Mr. Mountague, Sir Tho. Meres, Mr.

Mr. Clifford, Sir William Tompf Sir John Sir E&w. Walpoole, Sir Cha. Mr. Jolly, Mr.

Wm. Sandis, -or any Three of them, to prepare and bring in Bills upon the several Heads agreed by the Committee, and reported, as their Advice and Opinion, to the House; saving the Three last Heads; upon which it is advised, that his Majesty be moved, from the House,

The First of those Heads being read;

Resolved, Sec. That this House doth agree with the Committee, That the King's Majesty be humbly moved, from the House, to take care for the Encouraging of the ' Vent of Woolen and other Manufactures of England into Scotland and Ireland; and that no Impositior.s be laid or continued in those Kingdoms, that may discourage the Vent of them.

The Question being put. That the King's Majesty be humbly moved, from the House, to give Leave, That there be a constant free Exportation of Geldings; and that he would be pleased to recall this Proclamation, that restrains their Exportation;

The House was divided.

The Noes went out.

Sir Allen Apjley, f Tellers for the Noes:

Sir John Duncomb, \ With the Noes, j

Sir Geo. Downing, f Tellers for the Yeas: 7, r

Mr. Clifford, i With the Yeas, J 110*

And lb it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Debate upon the last Proviso be adjourned till Tomorrow.

respective Persons to whom the same do belong, according to a late Act of Parliament for restoring of all such Advowsons, Rectories impropriate, Glebe-Lands, and Tythes, to his Majesty's loyal Subjects, as were taken from them \ and making void certain Charges imposed on them upon their Composition for Delinquency by the late usurped Powers: And Colonel , Colonel Ro-

binfon, and Mr. Torke, are to attend his Majesty with this Message.

Ordered, That Scotton be sent for in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for his Contempt of the Order of this House, in refusing to bring in such Bonds as were given by certain loyal Persons on their Imprisonment, or appearing and giving an Account what is become of them, although he hath been served With the Order,

Ordered, That it be referred to the Sub-Committee, appointed to inspect those Two Branches of his Majesty's Revenue, which do arise by the Post-Office and Wine-Licences, to take into their Consideration the same of such Persons as formerly had Licences by Patent for Re-taling of Wines; and also the same of the of the City of London, in relation to the Privilege by them claimed, of Selling of Wine j or any other Matter which shall be offered to them; and do make Report thereof to the House.

An ingrossed Bill, for Naturalizing of Chatlotte Killigrew, and others, was this Day read.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be, An Act for Naturalizing of Charlotte Heffen Killigrew, and others.

Resolved, &c. That the Name of James audin be inferred into the Bill, now depending, for Naturalizing of George Willoughby, and others.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Mercurii, 8b Aprii5° Car. II

T\Aniel Tripier, Peter Roufcean, John Le Roy, and Thomas Verbeque, did, this Day, take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, in order to their being naturalized.

Prayers.

A Bill for the making good an Assurance of Charles Pitcarne Esquire, of certain Lands in Twickenham in the County of Middlesex, and enabling him to make Sale of other Lands, for the Payment of Debts, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time on Friday next.

Mr. Crouch reports, from the Committee, to which the Bill to make void a Fine, set up to bar the Right of Mr. Newport, was committed, several Amendments to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's . Table *. Which Amendments, being twice read, were, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, See. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That his Majesty be humbly moved, to give Order to the Lord Fanshaw, his Remembrancer of the Exchequer, to deliver such Deeds and Writings as he hath in his Custody, concerning Advowsons, Rectories, impropriate Annuities, or other Matters, which were extorted from any Members of this House, or other his Majesty's loyal Subjects, upon their Composition to the

An ingrafted Bill, for the making navigable the Rivers of Mersey, was this Day read.

A Proviso was tendered to be made Part of the Bill. And, being read and debated;

Resolved, Scc. That it be referred to the former Committee; to prepare and bring in a Proviso or Provisoes, for the limiting a Time for the making the Rivers navigable; and to make the Rates general for other Commodities, as well as Salt; and to provide, that a Rate be not set for Carriage, where the Rivers are already navigable; and to make the Bill extend to both the Counties of Lancaster and Chester; and to provide for an Appeal from the Commissioners to the Sessions of each County: And the said Committee is hereby revived: And they are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber, on Friday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of this Bill be adjourned till after Easter. '

The House then resumed the Debate upon the last Proposal from the Committee, appointed to provide Sumptuary Laws, and to prevent Encroachments in Trade by' Jews, and French, and other Foreigners.

Which Proposal was read; and, upon Debate, amended; and was as followeth: V

a That his Majesty be humbly desired by the House, That no Consulship be continued, or hereafter granted, in any Place, but at the Desire of the respective Merchants trading to that Place; and at such Allowances and and Charges only as the Merchants shall consent to give them."

The Question being put, To agree to the Proposal, lb amended;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The House adjourned itself till Eight Clock, Tomorrow Morning.

Die

15 Car. II Journals oft he House of Commons.

' *

Die Jovis, 90 Aprils 150 C^r. Il"1 Regis.

Prayers. -

f\ Rdered, That Mr* Milwar, Sir John Talbot, Mr.

Walden, Sir John Terrill, and Sir be

.added to the Committee, to which the Bill concerning Mr. Wadefon is committed.

Resolved,&c. 1'hat the Committee, to whom the Bill concerning Mr. Wadefon is' committed, have Leave to meet this Afternoon, notwithstanding the Sitting of the other publick Committees; in order only to adjourn to a further Day.

A Bill for Naturalizing of Willoughby Gentle-

man, and several other Persons, was this Day read the Second time,

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be committed to the same Committee, to which the former Bill for Naturalizing was committed: And the said Committee is, for that Purpose, revived: And these Persons following are added to the Committee; viz.Colonel Kirkby, Mr. Daniell, Mr. ther. Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Moun Mr. Newton, Mr.

Newport, Mr. Vice-Chamberlain, Sir Ffa. , Sir

Solomon Swale, Sir Rich. Oatley, Colonel Robinson, Mr. Sprye, Sir John Birkinhead, Sir Edm. , Sir John Brampfton, Sir Rich. Browne, Mr and the Mem-

bers which serve for the Cities of London and Westminster: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber:

' And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for Preservation of the Spawn of Fish, and Fishing in fresh Rivers, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Sir «Rich. Oatley, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Lane. , Sir Cha. Hujfey, Sir John Goodrick, Mr. Gaudy, Sir Bain. T'brockmorton, Sir Rob. Atkyns, Sir Edm. Peirce, Lord ' Fanjbaw, Sir Wm.Tirringham, Sir John Holland, Sir Rich.

Browne, Sir Wm. Tompson, Mr. Bofcowen, Mr. Torke, Sir Roger Brad/haigb, Sir Gilb. GMr. Knight, Sir

Rob. Brooke, Colonel Gray, Mr Mr Sir

jfcbn T:rrell. Sir Jeoffrey Shakerley, Sir Phil. Warwick, Sir Rich. Everord, Sir Cha. Sir Lowther,

Colonel Reames, Mr. Croke, Sir John Talbot, Mr. Attorney of the Duchy, Mr. Daniell, Colonel Kirkby, Sir Hen.

Capell, Dr. Burwell, Mr. Harbord. Sir Wm. Doyley, Sir

Wm. Smith, Sir Courtney Poole, Mr. Oakley, Mr. Pepis, Mri Torke, Sir Edm. Pooley, Mr. Lowther, Sir Patricius Curwen, Mr. Hungerford, Sir Tho. Strickland, Mr. Moun-tague. Sir Hen. Wright: And all the Members of this House, that shall come into the Committee, are to have Votes: And they are to meet on Saturday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And to fend for such Water-Bailiffs as they shall find Cause; and examine their Patents; and report the Matter, in relation to such Water-Bailiffs, to the House: And also to peruse the Laws now in Force concerning Fishing; and to consider wherein the same are defective; and provide such further Remedies and Additions by this Bill, as they shall find necessary.

Upon Consideration had of a Petition presented on the Behalf of George Wither, now Prisoner in the Tower;

Ordered, That Elizabeth, the Wife of George Withers, have Leave to have Access to her Husband in the Tower, in order to bring from him his Recantation and Submit-fion, for his Misdemeanor and Offence for which he was committed.

Serjeant Charlton reports, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, in the same between Sir William JDudley and Mr. Christopher Hatton, touching the Election For the Town of Northampton, That the Question was, -Whedier the Mayor, Aldermen, and Eorty-eight, had

the foie Power of Election: And that die Committee was . of Opinion, That, the Voices in Election do not belong to the Mayor, Aldermen, and Forty-eight only: And that Sir William Dudley was not duly elected, but Mr. Hatton was duly elected.

Resolved, &c. That this House do agree with the Committee, That Mr. Christopher Hatton was duly elected, far

the Town of Northampton, and ought to fit. '

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown, or his Deputy, do attend with the Indenture, by which Sir William Dudley was returned; to the end the same may be amended.

And the Clerk of the Crown's Deputy, attending ,at the Door with the Indenture, was called in: And, at tl\e Clerk's Table, the Indenture was amended; and tfye Name of Sir William Dudley razed out, and the Name of Mr. Christopher Hatton inserted intp the Indenture.

, f

The additional Bill, for the better settling the Forces ' in the several Counties of this Kingdom, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill be commi^e'. to a Committee of the whole House; and that the Cot. '. rcee have Power to receive any Proposals, which shall be .* 1 le for the more effectual Settling the Militia; and to import to the House such Amendments and Additions, as they shall find necessary for that Purpose.

And then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed on the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Milward took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker realfumed the Chair. -

Mr. Milward reports. That the Committee had made some Progress in the said Bill; and the Opinion of the Commiitee, That the House, on Saturday next, at Ten of the Clock in the Morning, would again resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the said Bill.;

Resolved, &c. That the House, on Saturday next, at Ten of the Clock in the Morning, would again resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Petition of Sir George Coney be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill concerning the Marquis of Winchester and Lord Sk John is committed.

Ordered, That Colonel Whitley and Sir Chichester Wray be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill concerning Henry Vaughan Esquire is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die VizneriS) 1 o° Apr His, 150 Car. II41 Regis.

f) Rdered, That the Lord the Lord,

Lord Buckburjt, Mr. Stanley, Sir Chichester Wray,

Mr Windham, and Mr. Sherrard, be added to the Committee to which the Bill concerning Mr. Vaughan is committed.

Upon Information given to the House, on the Behalf of Mr. Knight, a Member of this House, That he going to attend the Lord Treasurer, -to make Complaint against one George, and others, for their ill Carriage in managing the Excile for Brijloll; one Manton, a Commissioner, of the Excise, in Breach of the Privilege of this House, did there accule and charge Mr. Knight for Words pretended to be spoken at a Committee of this House, in Prejudice to his Majesty's Revenue;

Resolved, &c. That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges, to examine the Matter of Breach of Privilege, objected by Mr. Knight, a Member of this House, against one Mr.' Manton, a Commissioner of Excile, in charging Mr. Knight with Words pretended to be by him spoken 6 C

at the Committee of this rfoufe, in Prejudice to his Majesty's Revenue: And the Committee are to take the ftme into Confederation at their next Sitting , and to make Report thereof to the House.

An ingrossed BUI to enable Sir John Packingtcm, and Jus Trustees, to fell, or otherwise dispose of, certain Lands, for the Payment of his Debts, and raising Portions for his younger Children, was this Day read.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be. An Act to enable Sir and his Trustees, to fell, or otherwise dispose of, certain Lands; for the Payment of his Debts, and raising Por-Hdons for his younger Children.

A Bill for the better Observation of the Lord's Day was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for the establHhing the Jurisdiction of the Admiralty was this Day read the Second time.

A Petition on the Behalf of the Matters and Owners of several Ships was read.

Resolved, &c. That the further Debate of this Bill be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Sakbati, n° Aprili, 150 11" Regis*

Prayers.

A Bill, to enable John Rohinfon to fell'and dispose Lands, for Payment of Debts, and making Pro-Vision for his Wife, and younger Children, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time on Monday next.

A Bill for Improvement of Wastes was this Day read.

A Petition of the Lord Edward was this Day read.

Resolved, &c. That this Petition be referred to the same Committee to which the Bill for confirming an Award, made by his Majesty, for settling the Differences between the Lord Marquis of Wivchester, and the Lord St. John, was committed.

A Bill for the better Observation of the Lord's Day was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Sir Hen. North, Colonel Robinson, Sir, Mr.

! Thurbane, Mr. Pepis, Sir Rob. Sir

mortony Mr. Danielly Mr. G, Mr. Sir Wm. Smith, Sir John Talbot, Serjeant Maynard, Sir Nich. Steward, Sir Wm. Lowther, Mr. Swinfen, Mr. , Sir

Joint Brampflon, Sir John Mr. Mr.

York, Mr. Attorney of the Duchy, Lord St. , Sir Edw. Walpoole, Sir Anth. IrbySir John Co-

lonel Strangways, Sir Clifford , Mr.

Mr. Culleford, Sir Edm. Peirce, Colonel Mr. Latter ell, Sir Hen. Newton, Mr. , Mr.

Colonel Robinson, Colonel Reames, Sir Phil.

Mr. Pleadwell, Mr. George, Sir John Goodrich, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Hoby, Sir Patricias Curwen, Mr. Whor-wood, Mr. Wren, Mr. Pryn, Sir Hum. Winch, Colonel Rob. Phillips, Six Tho. Allen, Mr. Sir Tho. Wid-

drington. Colonel Gilby, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Rich.

Sir Rich. Temple, Colonel Windham, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr.

Mountague, Colonel Edw. Phillips, Sir Cha. Harbord, Dr. Burwell: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Sir John Coriton, Sir Courtney Poole, Sir Hen. North, Sir Phil. Musgrave, Sir John Norton, Mr. Swinfin, Colonel Wancklyn, Mr. Price, Sir Rich. Oatley, Mr. Strickland, Mr. Pepis, Sir John Norton, Sir John

Roily Lord St.John, Mr. Garrawayf Mr. Pryn, Sir Hum. Bettnet, Mr. Lewis, Sir Nich. Steward, be added to the Committee, to which the Matter concerning the Post-Office and Wine-Licence is committed.

A Bill for enabling Merchants, and Others, to assign Bills and Bonds, and to prevent Abuses in Shop-Books and Contrafts, was tins Day read the First time.

The House did then resume the Debate upon the Bill foriettling the Jurisdiction of the Admiralty. —

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Thomas Bird and Sxr Mundef ord Brampfion-,

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have lent you down an ingrafted Bill, intituled, An Act for preventing of Abatements of Writs of Error, upon Judgments in the Exchequer: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House: And have commanded us to acquaint you. That they intend to adjourn on Tuefda next, till the -

.fortnight following. —

The House then proceeded in the Debate of the Bill touching the Jurisdiction of the Admiralty.

Resolved, See. That a Committee be appointed, to pre- pare and bring in a Bill upon the Debates of the House, against their next Meeting after the Recess, for the expediting Maritime and MerchantsCaufes; Mr. Sollidtor-

General, Mr. Vaughan, Sir John Keeling, Sir

head, Mr. Jolly, Mr. Jones, Mr. Waller, Mr. Knight, Sir John Brampflon, Sir Rich. , Sir Edm.

Sir Gee. Downing, Mr. Clifford, Mr. Wm. Coventry, Colonel Robinson, Sir Wm. Tomp Sir Rich. Ford, Si*

Rich. Browne, Mr. Geo. Mounta, Sir Rob. Atkyns, Dr.

Burwell, Sir Edw.Walpoole, Mr. Pryn, Sir Mr. Hen. Coventry, Sir Tho. Widdrington, Sir Cha. Harbord, Mr. Trelawney, Mr. Fowell: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Eight of the Clock.

Die Dunce., 130 Aprilis, 15° Car. 11" Regis.

Prayers.

f\Rderei, That the Cause between the Drainers and the Tenants of Epwerth, upon the Bill depending in this House, concerning the Draining the Level of the Fens, called the Level of Hatfeild Chace, be heard at the Bar of this House the first Tuesday of the Meeting of this House after their Recess, being the Fifth Day of May next: Whereof the Parties concerned are to have Notice, to the End they may attend the Hearing.

A Bill for the reinvesting the Crown with the Manor of Slindon in Suffetewas read the First time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections do, on Tomorrow Month, being the Twelfth of May next, proceed to hear and determine the Cause touching the Election for the Town of Newport in Cornwall, between Mr. Ford and Mr. Edgcombe.

Mr. Hungerford reports, from the Committee to which the Bill, lent from the Lords, for enabling the Lord Marquis of Worcester to take the Benefit of a Water-commanding Engine, by him invented, ferecal Amendments

j

ments to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in the Bill; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: And the said Amendments, being twice read, were, upon the Question, severally agreed to} and were as follow: Viz.

First Skin, Sixth Line, after the Word " known," leave out to the Word " which," in the Ninth Line; instead thereof, read these Words, " and being no Pump or Force now in Use; nor working by any Suckers, Barrels, or Bellows, heretofore used for the Raising or Conveying of Water."

Second Skin, Second Line, after the Word " here-

after," add " during the said Term."

Eighth Line, after the Words " Lord Chief- fustice,

add " or from arty Two Justices of the Peace within the respective County or Liberty where such Search shall be made."

Eleventh Line, after the Word and, " leave out these Words, " the said Work or Engine to break down and demolish i" and insert " upon Discovery of any such Engine, to proceed against the said Person or Persons by Action, Information, or Indiftmerit; and, after Conviction thereof in due Course of Law, in any Assizes or Publick Sessions of the Peace, or any of the Courts, at Westminster, or any other his Majesty's Courts of Record, in any City, Borough, or Town-Corporate, or in any -Stannary-Court or Jurisdiction of Lead-Mines , then such Engine or Engines to be forfeited and seized to and for the Use of the said Edward Marquis of , his

Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, respectively.

Nineteenth Line, leave out " Ibj" and, after " Prejudice," add " any other Water-work or Engine now known and used, nor."

Second Skin, Thirty-second Lane, leave out " other than the new Engine in this Act mentioned."

Thirty-third Lane, after " said," add " the other said "Water-works, and the said."

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to9be read the Third time.

The Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, was read the Third time.

Resolved, &c. That the Words " after such Conviction," be added* by way of Amendment, after the Word " fame," in the Line of the Skin.

Resolved, &c. That it be referred to the same Committee, to prepare and bring in a Proviso Tomorrow Morning, upon the Subject-Matter of the present Debate, in relation to the limiting a Time for the Perfecting of the Engine; and to provide, that the same may not prejudice any other Engine which shall be invented for the future: And the Committee are hereby required, and to jneet at Two of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Nlr.Terry be discharged out of the Cu-, stody of the Serjeant at Arms, paying his Fees.

Ordered, That the Names of Nicolas , Ashley, and George Beomont, be inserted into the Bill for Naturalizing of George Willough, and others.

Sir Charles Harbord reports, from the Committee of the Revenue, That, upon Complaint made. That there are about Five hundred Cutters of Wood set on Work by Sir John Wintour, in the Forest of Dean; who, by virtue of some late Grant from his Majesty, claims all the Trees there, saving only such as are marked for Ship-Timber for his Majesty's Navy, computed to contain Eleven thousand Tons of Timber fit for that Use; and excepting that Part of the Forest called the Lea t and that his Majesty hath been deceived in the Account made by Sir John Wintour, whereupon that Grant was obtained; and that, if great Care be not taken to prevent it, the fad Trees, reserved for Ship-Timber, may be cut down, and the Timber cut into Cord-wood j which would be an irreparable Loss, and of great Importance, at a time when Timber is grown lo scarce and dear, by

8

reason of the great Waste thereof, made in that Forest, and elsewhere, since the Troubles began.

Ordered, That Sir John Wintour be summoned to attend this House the Second Day of May next; and to bring with him his Patent, by which he makes Claim to the Trees in the Forest of Deane, to the end the same may be perused: And that, in the mean time, he, and his Agents and Workmen, be restrained from felling or cutting down any more Timber-Trees in the said Forest of Deane; and from carrying away, or cleaving, or cutting into Cord-wood, any Timber of the Trees already felled: And that the Leaving of a Copy of this Order with Sir John Wintour's Lady, or at his House here in London, shall be a good Service and Summons.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect the Statute of the Fifth of Edward the Sixth, and other Laws, concerning the Buying and Selling of Offices; and to lee whether the same be defective in any Particulars, and wherein; and what Supplies are fit to be made thereto t and to make Report thereof to the House; Sir Rich. Temple, Colonel Kirkby, Mr. Knight, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Wm.Tompson, Mr. Whorwood, Sir Rob. Holt, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Rich. Everard, Sir Job , Sir

Bain. Throckmorton, Sir Edm. Peirce, Sir Tho. Strickland, Sir Tho. Fanshaw, Colonel Arundell, Sir Cka. Lord

Cajlleton, Mr. Wm. Sandis, Colonel Reames, Sir Allen Apjley, Lord Fanshaw, Sir Courtney Poole, Sir Tho. T -kins. Six Win. Compton, Sir John Duncombe, Colonel Edm. Windham, Sir Wm. Howard, Lord , Colonel

Robinson, and all the Members of this House that are of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And they are impowered to receive such Informations as shall be given them, touching the Buying and Selling of Offices: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Committee of the Revenue have Leave to lit this Afternoon, notwithstanding the Sitting of rife Committee of Trade.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee appointed to peruse the Act for regulating the Press, and other Acts; to inspect the Act for Confirmation of Judicial Proceedings; and to fee, whether the same do comprehend the Act touching Alimony , and whether the Proviso therein, for Writs of Error, and Bills of Review, be not defective, as to the Cafes of Alimony; and to make their Report to the House: And, for that Purpose, the Committee is revived: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of Breach of Privilege, complained of by Mr. Whorwood, in laying on a Sequestration on his Estate, since such time as he ought to have Privilege, as a Member of this House.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Thomas Bird and Sir Nathaniel Hobart;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have returned you a Bill, to enable the Sale of some of the Lands of Richard Senior and Anthony Senior, deceased, for Payment of some of their Debts; with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House: And they have also font you a Bill, for fetding an Annuity, of Three hundred Pounds per Annum, upon Earl of Port-,

land, and for the Benefit of Willoughby Whitelocke,

strode Whitelocke, and Carleton Whitelocke, Infants; and for Confirming of Agreements made to compose Suits in Law against them: To which they likewise desire tho Concurrence of this House.

And then the House adjourned itself till Monday, Eight of die Clock in the Morning.

Die

47i

Journals of the House o/Commons. A. 1663.

Die Mortis, 140 April 150

Prayers.

ments, the Justices of the Peace, and all other his Majesty's Officers, in the several Counties, are to be aiding and assisting to the Farmers and Commissioners of Excise, in the Levying thereof,- according to the Law.

A Bill to enable John Ro to sell and dispose Lands, for the Payment of Debts, and the making Provision for his Wife, and younger Children, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be committed to Mr. Sollicitor-General, Colonel Ph, Sir Sir Bain. 7hrochnorlon, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Phil. Howard, Mr. Bulteele, Mr. Scot, Sir , Mr. Old-

fcild, Sir JVm. Hartop, Colonel Whitley, Sir Denny Ash-btirnbam, Mr. Wren, Sir Tho. Tompkins, Sir ard, Dr. Quartermaine, Mr. Strickland, Sir John head, Mr. Hatton, Sir Rich. Everard, Mr. Sir

Herbert Price, Mr. Progers, Mr. Crouch, Sir Clifford Clifton, Colonel Leg, Mr. Eyre, Mr. Collins, Sir Rich. Oatley, Sir Tho. Fanshaw, Mr. Mil-ward, Mr. Pepis, Lord . Richardson, Lord Fanshaw, Mr. Tho. Price, Mr. Graham, Mr. Westphaling, Mr. Lowther, Sir Patricias Cur-

wen, Sir Jervas Clifton, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Barnaby, Sir Phil.

Musgrave, Mr. Daniell, Colonel Fretcbvile, and all the Members of this House that serve for the County of Yorke: And they are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber, the first Afternoon of the Meeting of the House, after the Recess.

Ordered, That the Word " Timber" be omitted, in the Order of Yesterday, concerning Dean Forest.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Worjley do prepare, and bring in a Bill at the next Meeting of the House, against.Pro-faneness, Licentiousness, and Impiety.

Ordered, That the House be Called, over on fortnight, upon Pain of Five Pounds to be paid by every Member, that shall be then absent, whose Excuse: the House shall not allow.

Ordered, That the House be adjourned till To-morrow-fortnight.

Ordered, That Sir Edmund Peirfe have the Leave of this House to go into the Country for a Month.

And then the House adjourned itself, accordingly, till To-morrow-fortnight, Nine of the Clock in the Morning.

Mr. Crouch reports, from the Committee, to which the Bill for Repairing the Highways in the Counties of Hertford, Cambridge, and Huntington, was committed, several Amendments to be made, and Two Provisoes to ,be added to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place -, and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

The several Amendments, precedent to the Amendment unto the Third Line of the One-and-twentieth Folio, were twice read-, and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The said Amendment, being to leave out the Provilb, was read the Second time.

The Question being put. To agree to the Amendment

It paired in the Negative.

The last Amendment was read the Second time j and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The First Proviso was read twice.

Resolved, See. That the said Proviso be agreed to.

The Second Proviso was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That die Words " and be it Enadted" be inserted after the Word " provided."

Resolved, Sec. That the Proviso, fb amended, agreed to.

The Question being ,put. That the Bill, with Amendments and Provisoes agreed to, be ingrafted j

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

J Tellers for the Yeas:

I With the Yeas,

J Tellers for the Noes:

£ With the Noes,

Mr. Williams, Mr. Chichley, Mr. Newton, Mr. Harbord, And so it was

be

the

108.

91-

Bill, with ingrafted.

resolved in the Affirmative, That the

the Amendments and Provisoes agreed to, be

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Writ for the Election of a Knight for the County of in the

"Room of the Lord Falkland, deceased.

Whereas it hath been represented to this House, that whilst the Inspection of the Excise is before a Committee, who are impowered to examine the best Way that his Majesty's Duty thereupon be duly paid, according to the Act of Parliament, and with the most Ease to the People, feme Persons take occasion, by colour thereof, to forbear to make their just Payments: This House declares, That, if any Persons refuse to make their Pay-

Mercurii, 290 Apr

r

CHOhn Baptist Capell and Peter did this

J Day take the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, at the Clerk's Table, in order td their being naturalized.

Prayers.

Ordered, That the Names of the said John Baptist Capell and Peter Vanoverfcbeld be inserted into the Bill for Naturalization.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Writ, for Eleding of a new Member, to serve for the Town of Wallingford in the County of Berks, in the room of Mr. George Fane, lately deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Writ, for Eleding of a Member to serve for the Borough of Richmond in the County of Yorke, in the room of Sir John Yorke, lately deceased.

A Bill for preventing Profaneness, Licentioulness, and Impiety, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, Sec. That this Bill be read again the Second time. Tomorrow Morning.

The Question being put, That the Order, made the Second of this Month, for Hearing of the Cause, upon the Bills depending, concerning the Draining of the Level of the Fens, called Lyndfey Level, at the Bar of this House, Tomorrow, do stand}

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That such Committees as were appointed to insped the several Branches of the King's Majesty's Revenue, be revived; and do meet this Afternoon, at the Places formerly appointed: And they are to prepare, and bring in, their Reports, on Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That all Committees, which are not already adjourned to a Day certain, be revived -, and do meet this Afternoon, at the Places formerly appointed.

Ordered, That Mr. Spry, Colonel Kirkby, Mr. Culle-ford. Sir Tho. Stewkley, Sir John , Mr.

Mr. Rigby, Sir Bain. Throckmorton, Mr. Elliot, be added to the Committee, to which the Bill for regulating Abuses in the Law is committed.

Ordered,

475

Ordered, That these Members following be added to the Committee, to which the Bill for reftofing Henry Vaughan Esquire to certain Sums of Money unduly-gained from him by John Allured, was committed , viz. Sir Anth.

Irby, Sir Tho. Strickland, Colonel Mr.

Sir Geo. Ryve, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Sir John

Birkinbead, Sir Edw. Walpoole, Mr. Oldfeild, Mr* Geo. Mountague, bit. Cornwallis, Sir John Coriton, Mr Mr. Waller.

An ingossed Bill, sent from the Lords, for settling an Annuityof Three hundred Poundsupon Charles Earl of Portland, and for the Benefit of Willoughby Whitlock e, Buljlrode Whitlocke, and Car let on , In-

fants; and for Confirming of Agreements made to compose Suits in Law against them \ was this Day read the First time.

The Question being put. That this Bill be read the Second time, on This-day-sevennight;

The House was divided.

- The Yeas went out.

Sir Bain.Throckmorton, C Tellers for the Yeas: )

Sir Cliff. Clifton, \ With the Yeas, $ °4*

Sir Tho.Tompkins, S Tellers for the Noes: I

Sir Cha. Harbord, \ With the Noes, J

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative, That this Bill be read the Second time, on This-day-sevennight.

A Bill to enable Merchants, and others, to assign Bills and Bonds, and for preventing Abuses in Shop-Books and Contracts, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir Job Charlton, Sir Wm. Compton, Mr. Rigby, Sir Rob. Atkyns, Mr. Sollicitor-General, Sir John Keeling, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Vice-Chamberlain, Colonel Legg, Sir Edm. Pooley, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir John Frederick, Mr. Waller, Mr. Jolly, Mr. Culleford, Mr. Finch, Mr. Hen. Coventry, Mr. Sprye, Sir Rich. Ford, Colonel Birch, Sir Edw. Seymour, Sir Cha. Cottrell, Sir Geo. Downing, Sir Brin. Throckmorton, Sir Tho. Allen, Colonel dell, Colonel Robinson, Sir Wm. Batten, Mr. Vaughan, Colonel Gil by, Mr. Newport, Sir John Goodrich, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Clifford, Mr. Pryn, Colonel Reames, Mr. Wefiphaling, Sir Edw. Moseley, Sir Sir

Widdrington, Mr. Jones, Sir HWood, Sir Tomp-

kins, Sir John Talbot, Colonel Edm. Windham, Sir Chichester Wray, Sir Rob. Brooke, Mr. Oglander, Sir Jeoffrey Shakerley, Mr. Wm.Mountague, Mr. Gaudy, Mr.

Milward: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber, at -Two of the Clock: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Letter, dire died to the Lord Fanfhaw, and subscribed by Mr. Willoughby, and several other Persons of Quality, of the County of Hertford, complaining of the frequent and numerous Conventions of Quakers, Anabaptists, and other Dissenters from the Church of England, was read.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to peruse the Statute of 3 5° Eliz.; and to consider, whether the same be defective, and wherein; and to provide such further Remedies and Expedients as they shall find necessary, against the Meetings and Conventions of Sectaries, Nonconformists, and Dissenters from the Church *, viz. Lord Fanfhaw, Sir Tho. Strickland, Sir James Smith, Co-

lonel Robinson, Sir Tho. Meres, Colonel Arundell, Sir -Allen, Lord Herbert, Colonel Kirkby, Sir Courtney Poole, Sir Tho. Tompkins, Sir John Keeling, Sir John Birkinbead, Colonel Leg, Mr. Gaudy, Sir Rob. Brooke, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Edw. Moseley, Sir Clifford Clifton, Mr. Culleford, Sir , RogerBradJIoaigh, Sir Wm. Tompson, Mr. Price, Sir Cha. Cottrell, Lord Gorge, Sir Job Charlton, Mr. Seymour, Mr.

Trelawney, Sir Hen. Herbert, Lore] Bruce, Sir Bain. Throckmorton, Colonel Sandys, Sir Allen Apjley, Sir Tho. Tompkins. Colonel Fretchvile, Sir John Hotbam, Sir Edm. Rye, Sir Wm. Terringham, Sir John Denham, Sir Rich. Vivian, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Newport, Mr. Milward, Mr. Crouch, Sir Edm. Pooley, Sir Musgrave, Mr. Hen.

Coventry, Sir John Duncombe, Mr. Loveliice, Mn Bul-teele: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Join's, 30° April. 15° Car,

NTlcholas Lichere did this Day take the Oaths of AlJe- giance and Supremacy, at the Clerk's Table, in order to his being naturalized.

Prayers.

Ordered, That the Name of Nicholas Lichere be inserted into the Bill for Naturalization.

A Petition on the Behalf of the Brewers of Surrey be* ing this Day tendered to the House;

Ordered, That the said Petition of the Brewers of the County of Surrey be referred to the Committee appointed to inspect That Branch of his Majesty's Revenue arise-ing by the Excise; to take the same into Consideration j and report their Opinions therein to the House.

Ordered, That all such Persons as have, in their Custody, any Bonds, or other Securities, heretofore given by the Loyal Party, upon their Imprisonments, or any other Occasion, for their quiet Demeanor, in the late Times, do, upon Notice, forthwith bring in such Bonds in this House j or else appear, and give an Account, What is become of such Bonds and Securities.

Ordered, That Mr. Rigby do prepare, and bring in, a Bill to make void such Bonds and Securities, as were heretofore given by the Loyal Patty, for their quiet Demeanor, in the late Times.

Ordered, That Sir Denny Ashbiirnham, Sir George Cour-top, and Sir John Holland, have the Leave of this House to be absent in the Country, for a Week, notwithstanding the Order for the Calling over the House, on Penalty or Five Pounds for every Member that shall be absent.

A Bill to prevent Licentioufnels, Profaneness, and Impiety, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed to Sir Hen. Worjley, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Wefiphaling, Sir Roger Brad-Jhaigh, Colonel Reames, Sir Nich. Steward, Sir Job Charlton, Mr. Clifford, Mr. Gaudy, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Rigby, Sir Rob. Holt, Mr. Hen. Coventry, Colonel Phillips, Sir Tho. Tompkins, Lord Cajlletcn, Sir Tho. Smith, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir John Goodrich, Sir John Fitz-James, Sir Richi, Oatley, Mr. Culleford, Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Anth. Irby, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Sollicitor-General, Sir Rob. Atkyns, Mr. Knight, Colonel Robinson, Colonel Windham, Sir John Coriton, Sir Rob. Howard, Sir Edm. Bowyer, Sir Bain. Throckmorton, Mr. Croke, Colonel Robinson, Mr. Seymour, Sir Jeoffrey Shakerley, Mr. Lowther, Colonel Kirkby, Sir Tho.

Mr. Mountague, Lord Richardson, Colonel Arundell, Sir Cha. CottreU, Mr. Hungerford, Sir Wm. Mr.

Vaughan, Mr. Trelawney, Sir Hen. Wood, Mr. Oglander, Sir Tho. Strickland: And all the Members that shall come to the Committee are to have Voices thereat: And they are to meet on Saturday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And the said Committee are impowered to return the said Bill, amended as they shall think fit; or else to fever the Matters therein; and to bring-in distinct Bills upon such Particulars contained in this Bill, as they shall find necessary: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House proceeded to resume the Cause upon the Bills depending in the House, concerning the Draining of Lyndfey I^evel in Lincolnshire.

6 D A Petition-

474 Journals of the House of Commons. A. 1663.

A Petition, in the Name of several Lords-Owners and Commoners of and within the Fens and Low Grounds, lying within the Level, called Level, in Lincoln-

shire, was read.

The Question being put. That the Parties concerned, and the Counsel, be called in *,

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Parties, and their Counsel, were accordingly called in to the Bar of the House.

And several Witnesses being examined on the Behalf of Sir William Killigrew and Sir Henry Heron *, and cross-examined on the Behalf of the Lords-Owners and Commoners within the said Level , and Counsel heard on both Sides*, the Lords-Owners and Commoners alledging, that their Witnesses were not yet come up to Town *, and they were not now prepared to make out their full Defence *, and therefore praying a further Day *,

Resolved, See. That the further Hearing of the Cause, upon the Bills depending, concerning the Draining of Lyndfey Level, be put off till Wednesday next: And That Day to be final to both Parties.

mitted since the First of January 1659, as for the preventing the future Sale of Offices.

The Question being put, That Leave be given to the Committee, for the bringing-in a Bill for Discovery of Offences against the Statute of the Fifth of Edward the Vlth, and other Statutes, concerning the Buying and Selling of Offices, committed since the Twenty-fourth of June 1660*,

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

{Tellers for the Yeas:')

With the Yeas, J f Tellers for the Noes*/)

£ With the Noes, j And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill shall also contain a Provision to prevent the future Sale of Offices.

Sir Rich.

Mr. Clifford Sir Cha.

Sir Edzv.

120.

85*

Ordered, That the Committees for the Excise and Customs do fit this Afternoon; and no other Committee to fit then, or at any other Day, when these Committees do fit.

Ordered, That t!y Report upon the Bill to prevent the Growth of Popery be heard on Thursday Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Saturday Morning next. Eight of the Clock.

Sabbati, 2° Mail, 150 Car. IId'

Prayers.

Ordered That the Name of Bevill Skelton be inserted into the Bill for Naturalization: And that these Members following be added to the Committee, to which the said Bill is committed; viz. Mr. , Mr.

Sir John Brampston, Sir Cha. , Mr.

Mr. Rigby, Mr. Morrice, Mr. Colonel Edw.

lips, Mr. Owen.

A Bill for the Regulating of Vestries was this Day read the First time.

- Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time,

on Monday next.

An ingrafted Bill, sent from the Lords, to prevent the Abatement of Writs of Error, upon Judgments in the Exchequer, was this Day read the First time.

Ordered, That the Name of be inserted

into the Bill for Naturalization.

Amendments, sent from the Lords, to an ingrafted Bill, sent up from this House, to enable the Sale of feme of the Lands of Richard and Anthony Seignior, were twice read.

Resolved, &c. That the said Amendments be agreed to; and inserted into the Bill.

A Bill for inverting the Manor of Slindon, in the Crown, was this Day read the Second time.

The Question being put. That the Bill be committed}

It passed in the Negative,

The Question being put. That the Bill be rejetted \

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Sir Richard Temple reports, from the Committee, appointed to consider of Matters for preventing the Sale of Offices, the Opinion of the Committee, That the Committee be impowered, by the House, to bring-in a Bill as well for the Discovery of the Offences against the Statute of the Fifth of Edward the Vlth, and other Statutes, concerning the Buying and Selling of Offices, com-

Ordered, That the Committee for preventing Sale of

Offices do fit on Monday next.

Sir John Wintour, being called in to the Bar of this House, to produce his Patent, by which he makes Claim to the Trees in the Forest of Deane, did accordingly bring in and leave his Patent, and other Papers touching the lame.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee formerly appointed to inspect That Branch of his Majesty's Revenue, arising by the Crown-Lands*, to inspect the Patent touching Deane Forest, and Papers, brought-in by Sir John Wintour, on Monday nekt; and to make their Report therein to the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir JVm. Child, and Sir Toby Woolrich *,

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill, for veiling certain Lands of John Copplefion Gendeman, in Sir Francis Vincent Knight and Baronet, Thomas -grave Esquire, Charles Cornwallis Esquire, Thomas West-lake Gentleman, and their Heirs, to fell, for Payment of his Debts.

Ordered, That the Members that do come, shall have Votes at the Committee, touching the Excise: And that these Members following be added to the Committee; viz. Sir Edm. Pooley, Mr. Newtek, Sir Harbord, Colonel

Robinson, Sir Fra. Goodrich, Sir Bain. Throckmorton, Mr. Woiler, Mr. Tanner, Mr. OSir John Duncombe, Sir Tho. Gower, Sir Charles Cottrell, Sir John,

Mr. Pryn, Sir Edw.Moseley, Mr. Fox, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir

Nich. Steward, Colonel Kirkby, Sir Sir Ro-

ger Bradfjaigh, Sir Courtney Poole, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Rofcarrock, Colonel Sandys, Sir Rich. Edgcombe, Sir Jeof-

frey Shaker ley, Mr. Rigby, Colonel Strangwayes, Mr. Rash-leigh.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Eight of the Clock.

Die Lunce, 40 M 150 Car. IF*

Prayers.

SIR Thomas Tomkins reports, from the Committee, to which the Bill to enable John Robinson Esquire to sell and dispose Lands for Payment of Debts, and to make Provision for his Wife, and younger Children, That the Committee had carefully perused the Bill, and examined the Matter of Fatt *, and found the Bill to be very just, and fit to pass, without making any Alteration or Amendment thereto.

Resolved, See. That this Bill for enabling John son Esquire to fell Lands, for Payment of Debts, and providing for his Wife, and younger Children, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Committee, to which the Bill for Preservation of the Spawn of Fish, and Fishing in frefti Rivers, is committed, be revived: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Place formerly appointed: And these Members following are added to the Committee j Mr. Sir

Rowl. Berkley, Mr. Culleford, Sir Nich. , Mr.

Westphaling, Colonel Gtlby, Colonel Trelawney, Sir John Con ton. Sir James Smith, Mr. , Sir Lane.

Sir John Cover!, Sir 'iVm.Doyley, Mr. JVm. Saudis, Sir

Tho. Allen, Colonel Robin fen, Sir John Mr. Graham, Mr. BoJowen, Mr. Kent, Sir Tirringham.

An ingrafted Bill, sent from the Lords, for Preventing of Abatements of Writs of Error, upon Judgments in the Exchequer, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill be committed to Sir Cha. Harbord, Colonel Reames, Sir John Sir

Cha. Harbord, Sir Anih. Cope, Sir Sir

Strode, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Hum. Winch, Mr.

M r. Geo. Clarke, Sir Abraham Cullen, Mr. Westphaling, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir John Tirrell, Mr. Culleford, Mr. Street, Mr. Aldworth, Sir Jcrvas Clifton, Sir Reger Bradfmigh,

Sir Geo. Ryve, Dr. Bur-well, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Crouch, Sir Cha. Huffey, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Daniel!, and all the Membets of this House that arc of the Long Robe: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to End for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for regulating Vestries was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill be committed to Lord Fanfoaw, Sir Cha. Harbord, Mr. Westphaling, Dr. Bur-well, Sir JervasClifton, Sir Job Charlton, Mr. Mountague, Co-

lonel Reames, Mr. Crouch, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Anth. Cope, Sir John Tirrell, Colonel Gilby, Mr. Jones, Mr. Wyn, Sir Tho. Widdrington, Sir John Coriton, Mr. Sprye, Mr.

ward, Mr. Clovene. Sir Rich. Sir Roger Brad-

Jfoaigh, Mr. Geo. Clarke, Sir Rob Sir John Strode, Sir Geo. How, Mr. Garraway, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. T)nit, Sir Cha.Huffey, Sir Tho. Gower, Sir Tho. Tom-

kins, Sir John Brampston, Sir Steward, Mr. Pepis, Mr. Kent, Mr. Culleford, Sir Rob. Bolles, Sir John Birkinhead, Colonel Kirkby, Sir Tompson, Sir Courtney Poole, Sir Phil. Warwick, Mr. Chetwyn, Sir

Sir Rich.Powle, Colonel Strangwayes, Sir Tho. Fanshaw,

Sir Lane. Lake, Colonel Robinson, Colonel Trelawney, Sir

Rob. Holt, Sir Hum. Winch, Sir Richard Oatley, Colonel John Robinson, and all the Members of this House that are of the Long Robe: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House was then Called over, according to the Order formerly made for that Purpose.

And several Members making Default in Attendance > a Note of whose Names being taken by the Clerk,

Ordered, That an Extract be made out of the Names of the several Members that made Default in attending the House this Day: And that the Fines of Five Pounds apiece, of such Defaulters, be collected by the Serjeant at Arms attending this House j to be distributed as the House shall direct.

Resolved, See. That the House be Called over again, on This-day-fortnight; on the Penalty of Ten Pounds, to be paid by every Member that shall make Default in attending, whose Excuse the House shall not allow.

Resolved, &c. That, on Friday next, the House will resume the publick Business of his Majesty's Revenue, 1

and the Militia *, and proceed therein die in diem, after Nine of the Clock: And that no private Business do intervene.

Ordered, That all Members of this House that come, shall have Votes at the Committee, touching the Buying and Selling of Offices: And that these Members following, be added to the Committee; Sir Roger -Jhaigh, Sir Rich. Oatley, Colonel Edm. Windham, Colonel Fra.Windham, Sir Geo. Ryve, Lord St. John, Sir Jecffrey Shaker ley, Mr. Garraway, Sir So Swale, Mr. Waller, Mr. Barnaby, Mr. Price, Sir John Coriton.

Ordered, That the Committees, to which the Branches of his Majesty's Revenue, arising by the Post-Office and Wine-Licences, were referred, be revived,) and do meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock.

Ordered, That all such Members as do come, shall have Votes at the several Committees, to which any of the Branches of his Majesty's Revenue is committed: And that such as are named of any of the said Committees, be appointed to be of every of them.

Ordered, That all the Members that shall lerve for the

several Counties of 2'orke, Derby, Cornwall, Somersett, and Devon, and all the Members of the Ploufe that are of the Long Robe, and Sir Thomas Widdrington, and Sir John Strode, be added to the Committee, to which the Bill concerning Mines Royal is committed.

Ordered, That the Committee to which the Bill against Pluralities of Benefices is committed, bet joined to the Committee to which the Bill to prevent granting concurrent Leaks by Bishops and Clergymen was committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

llemy Linckebeck did this Day take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, before Mr. Speaker, at the Clerk's Table, in order to his Naturalization.

Die Mariis}5° Mali, 150 Car. Iidl.

Prayers.

FjRdered, That the Committee, to which the Bills for the Draining the great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, was committed, be revived; and do fit Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, at the Place formerly appointed.

A Petition of Sir Tho. Afofeild was this Day read.

Resolved, &c. That it be referred to the Committee appointed to insped That Branch of his Majesty's Revenue arising by the Customs j to examine the Matter of the said Petition, both in relation to the King's Majesty, and the Petitioner j and to report the Matter of Fad, with their Opinions, to the House: And the Committee is hereby impowered to receive any other Petitions or Complaints of the like Nature.

Ordered, That the Committee, appointed to insped the Act for regulating Corporations, be revived; and do fit this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Place formerly appointed.

Mr. Hungerford reports, from the Committee, to which the Bill, sent from the Lords, for enabling the Lord Marquis of Worcester to take the Benefit of a Water-commanding Engine, was committed (unto whom it was, by Order of the Thirteenth of April last, referred, to prepare and bring-in a Proviso to the said Bill, to limit a Time for perfeding the Engine, and to provide, that the fame

Dinitiyprl hv

47 6 Journals of the House of Commons. I

fame may not prejudice any other Engines, which should be invented for the future); That the Committ e had accordingly prepared a Proviso for the Purposes aforesaid: Which he read in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

The said Proviso being twice read,

ResolveJ,&c. That the Words " raising and " be inserted in the Proviso, after the Word " the," and before the Word " Carriage," in the Fourth Line of the Proviso.

Which was done accordingly.

The Proviso, thus amended, was read the Third time.

Refolded, Sec.That the Proviso, so amended, be agreed to.

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill, with the Amendments and Proviso, agreed to, be returned to the Lords, for their Concurrence.

And the Lord Herbert is to carry the same up to the Lords.

An ingrossed Bill to enable John Rcbinfon Esquire to sell or dispose of Lands, to pay Debts, and making Provision for younger Children, was read.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill do pass: And that the ' Title shall lie. An Act to enable John Robinson Esquire to sell or dispose of Lands, to pay Debts, and making Provinon for younger Children.

A Bill for the Keeping and Holding of the Courts of Great Sessions, and General Quarter-Sessions of the Peace for the County of Carnarvon, at the Town of was read.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Inhabitants of

ditonin the County of Devon, be referred to the Committee appointed to inspect the Act for Corporations.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, for veiling certain Lands of John Coppleft in Sir Francis Vincent Knight and Baronet, Thomas Esquire, Thomas

Westlake, Gentleman, and their Heirs, to fell for Payment of Debts, was read the First time.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read the Second time on Friday next.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in for disposing all Offices, military and civil, into the Hands of such Persons as have been loyal Subjects, and conformable to the Church of England: And that it be referred to the Lord Bruce, Mr. Sollicitor-General, Serjeant Charlton, Sir Allen Apfley, Lord Newburgh, Sir Tho. Tomkins, Lord

shaw, Mr. Milward, Sir Rob. Serjeant Keeling,

Mr. Coventry, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Sir Courtney

Poole, to prepare and bring- in the Bill.

The House then, according to the Order of the Thirteenth of April last, did proceed to the Hearing of the Cause between the Drainers and the Tenants of the Manor of Epworth, upon the Bill depending in this House for the Draining of the Level of the Fehs, called the Level of Hatfeild Chace.

And the Parties and Counsel on both Sides were called in to the Bar of the House: And several Certificates, returned into the Exchequer, upon Commissions issued from thence, being read; and divers Witnesses examined, and cross-examined j and the Counsel on both Sides fully heard;

Resolved, Sec. That a Judicatory be erected by the Bill, to consider of the Interests of the Drainers, and of the several Owners of Lands, within the Manors of Epworth, Mifierton, Stockwith, and Everton; and to do equal Right to the several Parties concerned.

Resolved, Scc. That the Judicatory, so to be erected, be confined to execute their Powers in Two Years from the Time of the passing this Act.

Resolved, &c, That the Bill be referred back to the former Committee, to bring in the fame, amended according to the aforesaid Votes: And for that Purpose the said Committee is revived: And they are to meet at Two of the Clock on Thurslaynext, in the Afternoon, at the Place formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Mercurii, 6° Mali, 15° . IldL

Prayers.

/~\Rdcred, That Sir John Trot be excused for not attending on Monday last, when the House was Called; and be struck out of the Lift of Defaulters.

Ordered, That Colonel Bishop be excused for his not attending, when the House was called, on Monday last; and be struck out of the Lift of Defaulters.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and ..... the Highways, within the Counties of Hertford, Huntington, and Cambridge, was this Day read.

Ordered, That the Word " aforesaid" be inserted into the Bill, instead of " the fame."

Ordered, That the Word " Stocking" be inserted into the Bill.

Which was done accordingly.

A Proviso brought-in, to be added to the Bill, was twice read.

Ordered, That these Words, " and Repayment of such Monies as shall have been borrowed," be inserted in the Proviso.

Which was done accordingly.

The Proviso, so amended, being read the Third time;

Resolved, See. That the Proviso, so amended, be agreed

to.

Another Proviso was tendered; and twice read. Ordered, That the Blank in the Proviso be filled up, with the Word " Six."

The Proviso, so amended, being read the Third time; Resolved, &c. That the Proviso, so amended, be agreed

to.

The Question being put. That the Word " Peny,* for the Score of Sheep, shall stand in the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Word " Halfpeny" be inserted, instead of " Pcny."

Which was done accordingly.

The Question being put, That the Bill, with the Proviso agreed to, do pals,

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Colonel Williams, Sir Tho. F

Mr. Rigby,

Mr. Strickland,

J Tellers for the Yeas :*) \ With the Yeas, y f Tellers for the Noes:

119.

\ With the Noes, "} 8^ And so it was resolved in the Affirmative, That the said Bill, with the Provisoes agreed to, do pass: And that the Title, shall be. An Act for repairing the Highways within the Counties of Hertford, Cambridge, and Huntingdon.'

Ordered, That the Lord Fdo carry up the Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Harbord do attend the Lord Treasurer; and desire his Lordship, that he would give Order to the Officers of the Forest of Deane, to take notice of such Persons as have or shall cut down, carry away, or make any Waste or Spoil upon the Wood or Trees in the Forest of Deanej and to return a List of their Names to this House.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom it was referred to bring-in Bills upon several Votes, reported to the House, from the Committee of Trade, do, To-morrow-Morning, bring-in a Bill or Bills thereupon.

The

Car. II.

Journals of the House Commons.

477

The House then, according to the Order of the Thir-ti'. th of Aprillafb, proceeded in the further Hearing of

the Cause upon the Two Bills depending, concerning the Draining of the Level of the Fens, called Lyndfey Level.

And the Parties, and their Counsel, being called in to the Bar; and several Witnesses being examined 5 and several Deeds and Writings being produced, and read, on the Behalf of the Lords Owners, and Commoners; and Counsel on both Sides heard,

The Question being put, That the Bill of Sir William K'lligrtiv be proceeded in;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Quell ion being put. That there be a Judicature created by the Bill, to do equal Right to all Parties concerned;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be re-committed to the former Committee: And that the Committee be revived: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer-Chamber.

Ordered, That all Committees, which should have fat this Afternoon, be adjourned and do fit Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Places appointed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Jovis, 150 Car. IIdi.

Prayers.

QjRdered, That Appleyard be sent for in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for his Breach of Privilege, in proceeding to Tryal against a Tenant of Mr. Cooke, a Member of this House, concerning Tythes, after he had Notice given, that Mr. Cooke was concerned in the-Title.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Hickman, Mr. Jones, Sir John Fagg, and Sir Norton Knatchbull, be excused for not attending the House on Monday last, and struck out of the Lift of Defaulters.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to the Committee appointed to inspect the Act for the better regulating Corporations , viz. Sir Courtney Poole, Colonel Strangwayes, Sir Hen. Herbert, Colonel Mr.

Prideaux, Colonel Robinson, Colonel Colonel

Reames, Sir Hugh Betbell, Mr. Culleford.

A Bill for fetding an Annuity of Three hundred Pounds per Annum upon Charles Earl of Portland, and for the Benefit of Willoughby Whitelock, and

CarletonWhitelocke, Infants; and for Confirming of Agreements made, to compose Suits in Law against them was this Day read the Second rime.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Geo. Mountague, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Clifford, Sir Gower, Mr. Culleford, Mr. Mr. Knight,

Mr. Mountague, Mr. Waller, Mr. Pepis, Mr.

Sir John Shaw, Mr. Knight, Lord Herbert, Sir Allen, Dr. Burwell, Mr. Hoby, Mr. Gaudy, Colonel Reames, Lord Fanfhaw, Sir Rob. Atkyns Sir John Brampfton, Sir Rich. Onslow, Sir Hen. Herbert, Colonel Fretcbvill, Mr. Kent, Mr. Hender Roberts, Sir Edm. Peirfe, Sir Wm. Tompson, Sir John Rouse, Sir Rich. Ingoldsby, Mr. Bulled, Mr. Sicklemore, Mr. Coventry, Nit. Harvey, Sir John Cotton, Mr. Wm. Sandis, Sir John Sir John Frederick, Mr. Lovelace, Sir Tho. Dolman, Mr. Sir

Hen. Bennet, Mr. Cornwallis, Mr. Onslow, Sir Edm. Pye, Mr. Cory, Sir Tho. Dyke, Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir Tho. Lit-lleton. Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Allen Apfley, Mr. Croke, Sir John Birkinbead, Sir Rich. Wiseman, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Tho. Widdrington, Colonel Strangwayes, Sir

Serjeant Maynard, Sir Rich. Temple, Mr. Scawen, SY Geo. Ryve, Sir Fra. Vincent, Colonel Birch, Mr. Bennet And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Petition of Mr. Nathanael StaughtoH be referred to the same Committee to which the Bill of Sir Wm. Killigrew, and Sir Henry Heron, for the Draining of Lyndfey Level, is re-committed; to take the said Petition and Claim of Mr. Staughton into Consideration.

Sir Robert Atkyns reports, from the Committee to which the Bill to prevent the Growth of Popery was recommitted, several Amendments to be made, and Provisoes and Clauses to be added, to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

The Amendments, Provisoes, and Clauses, were read the First time.

The First Amendment to the Third Folio of the Bill, being to leave out the Two last Lines, and the Fourth Folio wholly, and all the FifthJ Folio, until you come to the Words " all which Forfeitures and to insert what is contained in Five Sheets of Paper j was read the Second time: And the First Paragraph of the Five Sheets was also read the Second time.

Ordered, That, after the Word " Wales," in the Sixth Line of the First Folio, thele Words be added, " and Town of Berwick upon Tweed."

Resolved, See. That the First Paragraph, so amended, be agreed to.

The Second Paragraph was read the Second time.

The Question being put. To agree to This Paragraph j

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

CTellers for the Yeas:7 7 With the Yeas,

JTellers for the Noes :7 7 With the Noes, J in the Negative.

Resolved, Sec. That it be re-committed to the former Committee, to bring in a Clause to supply the Paragraph rejected upon the present Debate of the House , and that the Committee be revived, for that Purpose: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Place formerly appointed.

Mr. Hobby,

Sir Hen. Felton, Lord St. John, Sir Sol. Swale, And so it palfed

93-

124.

Upon Information, That one John a Scrivener,

had in his Hands a Deed of Uses of a Fine, and Two Recoveries, and other Writings, concerning the Estate of the Marquis of Winchester, which are necessary to be used before the Committee, to which the Bill Concerning the Lord Marquis of Winchester, and the Lord St. , is committed *,

Ordered, That the said John Parry do forthwith, upon Sight of this Order, deliver, into the Hands of Mr. Hungerford. Chairman of the said Committee, or such Person as he shall appoint to receive the lame, all such Deeds and Writings as he hath in his Custody, concerning the Lord Marquis of Winchester, (or the Lord St. John.

Ordered, That the Committees for the King's Revenue do fit this Afternoon.

Ordered, That* the Lord Herbert, and Mr. have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

6 E

Die

47$ Journals of the House of Commons. A. 1663.

Die Veneris,8° Mail, 150 . IK

pRAVr. R s.

ORdered, That Mr. Pendarvisand Mr. be ex-

cufid for not attending the House on Monday last, and llruck out of the Lift of such as made Default.

Ordered, That the Name of Isaac Le Gouch be inserted

into the Bill for Naturalization.

Upon Information, That the Lady Grace Widow, having in her Hands the Deeds and Evidences concerning an House, which Colonel Francis a Member of this House, did purchase of Captain , lying in the Pall-Mall; yet the Lady Newton proceeds at Law, to evict Colonel Windham of the House j

Ordered, That the Lady Grace , and Howell

Jones her Attorney, be injoined to stay all Proceedings at Law, concerning the House in the ', now in

the Possession of Colonel Francis , during the

Session of this Parliament.

A Bill for the Advancement of Trade was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time on Monday next.

Upon Information, That one Richard Cajlell Esquire had brought an Action of Ejedlment, and, in Hilary Term last, caused Declarations to try the Title of certain Lands in the County of Pemb, in the Possession of Isaac Lloyd Esquire, a Member of this House, and his Tenants,

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, or his Deputy, do apprehend Richard , and bring him up in Custody, for his Breach of Privilege objected against him by Mr. , a Member of this House.

A Bill for remedying divers Abuses and Grievances in the Trade of "Weaving was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read again the Second time on This-day-sevennight.

Sir Charles Harbord reports, from the Committee appointed to inspect these Branches of his Majesty's Revenue which arise by Customs, and the Lands and Rents belonging to the Crown, That, upon Consideration of the Balance of the Profits of the Customs for the Year ended at Michaelmas last, the Opinion of the Committee, That the Customs are worth Four hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, and are so to be admitted and taken as Part of his Majesty's Revenue-, and that, upon Debate and Consideration of the whole Revenue of the Crown, in Lands and Rents, in Charge in the Exchequer, and Duchies of Lancaster and , the Opinion of

the Committee, That they conceive the fame, being well managed, may reasonably amount to an Hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, de , besides all Forests, Parks, and Chaces, and such Lands and Rents as have been granted away by Letters Patents.

The Question being put. To agree with the Committee in the Two Heads reported -,

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, &c. That a Bill be brought in, by the Committee appointed to inspect the Customs and Crown-Lands, for fixing the publick Charges of the Kingdom upon iome particular Branches of his Majesty's Revenue.

Resolved, Sec. That these several Branches of his Majesty's Revenue, arising by First-Fruits, Newcastle Coal, Alienations, Hanaper, Post Fines, Issues of Jurors, Green-wax, Aulnage, Butlerage, Faculties included in the Hanaper, and Coinage, and Pre-emption of Tin, or any other Branches of his Majesty's Revenue which are not here enumerated, be referred to the same Committee, to inspect and examine; and also to examine the Issues of

his Majesty's Revenue, and such Grants and Charges as are upon any Branches of the Revenue and to consider, how any of the Branches may be improved; and to report the same to the Ploufe: And they are impowered to make Sub-Committees: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and to fit de die in diem--, and Ipeed their Report.

Ordered, That the Cause depending before the Committee of Elections, touching the Flection of Sir Charles Cot ter ell, be put off till Luefday the Ninth Day of June next.

Ordered, That the Committee, to which the Bill of Sir William Killigrew, touching the Draining of Lindsey Level, was committed, have Leave to fit on Monday next in the Afternoon.

The House adjourns itself till Tomorrow Morning, Eight Clock in the Morning.

Die Sabbati, 90 Mail, 150 Car. IIdl Regis.

Prayers.

VJRdered, That Colonel Popham, Sir Edward Hunger-ford, and Mr. Seymour, be excused for not attending the House on Monday last.

The Question being put. That the Order, made for the Commitment of Mr. Appleyard to the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, do Hand -,

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Matter of Breach of Privilege, ob-jedted by Mr. Cooke against Mr. Appleyard, be referred to the Committee of Privileges to take the same into Examination at their next Sitting j and to make Report of it to the House.

A Petition of Samuel Northcot, and others, concerning the Post-Office, was read.

Resolved, Sec. That this Petition be referred to the Committee, appointed to inspect that Branch of the Revenue which does arise by the Post-Office, to consider the Matter of the Petition; and report it to the House: And they are hereby impowered to make a Sub-Committee, to examine the Matter of the Petition, if they think fit.

Sir Robert Atkyns reports, from the Committee to whom the Bill to prevent the Growth of Popery was formerly committed, and unto whom it was referred to bring in a Clause to supply the Paragraph for making the Refusal of the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy a Conviction, which was formerly rejected; That the Committee had agreed of a Clause, instead of the said Paragraph: Which he read in his Place , and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

And the First Paragraph of the Clause being twice read

Resolved, Sec. That this First Part of the Clause be agreed to.

Resolved, See. That the Blank be filled up with " Ten Pounds."

Resolved, Sec. That the Blank in the next Part of the Clause be filled up with " Five Pounds: " And that this Part of the Clause be agreed to.

The next Part of the Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Proviso in the Close of the Clause was twice read; and, on the Question, agreed to.

The House then proceeded to the reading the Residue of the Five Sheets, formerly reported from the Committee by way of Amendment.

The Paragraph next ensuing was twice read.

Ordered, That the Blank for the Time be filled up with " Three Months."

Ordered, That the Penalty be inserted, " Twenty Pounds for each Month and that the Words " alter 3 li,c

the /ait I Three Months" be infer ted j and the Words " the like."

Which was done accordingly.

Ordered, That the Paragraph, so amended, be agreed

to.

The Proviso following, in the Five Sheets, was twice read.

Resolved, Sec. That the Clause concerning the receiving the Sacrament, and the Minister's Certificate, be omitted out of the Proviso.

The Proviso, as amended, being read, and debated, was, upon the Qut ftion, agreed to.

Resolved, &c. That a Proviso or Provisoes be brought in, upon the present Debates of the House: And that it be referred to Mr. Vaughan, Sir "John , Sir Job

Charlton, Sir Hum. IVynch, Sir John , Sir Rob.

yltkyns, Serjeant Seys, or any Two of them, to prepare and bring in the same: And it is recommended to Mr. Serjeant Maynard, and Mr. Vaughan, to take especial Care thereof.

Resolved, See. That the Committee, to which the Act for the Chimney-Money is committed, have Power to inspect that Act, as to the Defects; and also to consider of the Improvement of that Revenue.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Lord Henry,

and Charles Pazvict, Son and Heir of the Lord Charles Pazvlet, deceased, be referred to the Committee, to which the Bill for the Lord Marquis of IVtnchester, and the Lord St. John, is committed.

Resolved, &rc.That the House, on next, at

Ten of the Clock in the Morning, will resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the Bill for the Increase of the Maintenance of Ministers in Cities, Towns-Corporate, and Market-Towns.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Eight of the Clock.

Die Lur.cey n0 Ma:i, 150 Car. 11*.

Prayers.

fJRdered, That a Bill be prepared and brought in, to vacate all such Deeds and Assurances of Lands or Rents, belonging to the Crown, as were made by the late usurped Powers; and to cancel the Inrollment of such of the said Deeds as are inrolled: And that it be referred to Sir Lancelot Lake, Mr. , Mr.

Sir Francis Goodrich, Mr. Street, and Sir Edmund , or any Two of them, to prepare and bring in the Bill.

Ordered, That it be referred to the same Members, or any Two of them, to bring in the Bill, formerly ordered to be brought in by Mr. Rigby (who is now absent upon urgent Occasions), to make void all Deeds and Securities given by the loyal Party to the usurped Powers, for their quiet Demeanor in the late Times of Trouble.

Ordered, That the Committee, to which the Bill for

regulating Vestries was committed; and the Committee appointed to inspect the Act concerning Quakers; and to prepare and bring in such Supplies thereto; and for pre-vinting the Me. tings of Sectaries, as they should find necessary; be revived , and have Leave to fit this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, at the Places appointed.

Ordered, That Mr. Sveinfen, having urgent Occasions in tire Country, be difpcnled with for a Fortnight for not attending the Ploufe.

Ordered, That Mr. Ycrke, having been ficlc, and not able to attend the Service of this House, be discharged of the Fine of Five Pounds, imposed on him for his Default: And that his Attendance be dispensed with for a Fortnight.

A Petition of divers Persons who have redeemed themselves, or their Relations, from the Slavery they were blunder the Turks, was read.

The Question being put, That the said Petition be re*-jested; --‘'

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That John Holland, and o filers, who fiood committed to the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, lor a Breach of Privilege by him committed against Mr. naby, be, by Consent of the said Mr. Burnaby, discharged of their Commitment.

A Bill for erecting a Light-House near Mi'ford-Haven was read.

The Question being put, That the Bill be thrown out;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Colonel Kirkby reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for naturalizing George Willoughby, and others, was committed, That they had carefully perused the Certificates on the Behalf of the several Persons therein named; and found the same to be perfect , and that the Committee had returned the Bill, without any Amendments.

Ordered, That the Names of Bevill Skelton, Henry Linckebeck, and Cornelius Van whole Certificates

were produced to, and allowed by the House, be inserted into the Bill for Naturalization: And that tire Bill be ingrafted.

Mr. Croke reports, from the Committee to which the ingrafted Bill, sent from the Lords, for settling an Annuity of Three hundred Pounds per Annum upon Charles Earl of Portland, and for the Benefit of Willoughby Whitelocke, Buljlrode Whitlocke, and Charlton,

Infants; and for Confirming of Agreements made to compose Suits in Law against them; was committed , That the Committee had carefully perused the Bill, and taken into Consideration the Interest of all Parties concerned , and found the Bill very just and equitable; and law no Omission or Defect therein; and, therefore, had returned the same back to the House, without any Alteration.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Street reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for the Regulation of the Hospital of St. in

the County of Worcester, was committed, several Amendments to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Amendments being read the First time;

The several Amendments precedent to the Amendment to the Fifteenth Line of the Third Page were read the Second time; and, on the Question, severally agreed to.

The Amendment to the Fifteenth Line of the Third Page was read the Second time.

Ordered, That the Word " Five" be inserted, instead ' of " Three," in That Amendment.

Which was done accordingly.

Resolved, Sec. That the Amendments, so altered, be agreed to.

The subsequent Amendments were read the Second time; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, See. That the Eill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrafted.

An ingrossed Bill, to enable Newport Efauire to enter into certain Messuages lying in was read.

And some Amendments being made thereto at the Table and agreed to;

Resolved, Sec. That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be. An Act to enable Jehu Newport Esquire to enter into certain Messuages lying in

Ordered, That Mr. Crouch do carry up the Bill to the Lords, for their Concurrence.

The

Journals of the House of Commons.

The House then did resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the additional Bill for the hotter ordering the Forces in the several Counties of this Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Milwardtook die Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker again took the Chair.

Mr. Milward reports, from the Committee, That the

Committee had made some further Progress in the said Bill; and desired, that the House would again resolve it li lt into a Committee of the whole House, on next, to resume the Debate upon the said Bill.

Resolved, See. 1'hat the House will, on Thursday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to resume the Debate upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Sir John Morton have the Leave of this House to be absent for a Fortnight from his Attendance upon this House.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to the Committee, to which the Bill for confirming Two Decrees made in the Duchy and Exchequer; viz. Mr. Cornua His, Sir Hum. Winch, Mr. Finch, Sir Fra. Good-rick, Sir Rich. Oatley, Sir Hen. Mr. Walden, Mr.

Burlace, Mr. Williams, Sir Geo. Ryve, Mr. Hatton, Sir Rob. Holt, Colonel Wanklyn, Mr. Thurland.

Ordered, That Colonel Wanklyn, Sir Cha. Cottrell, Mr. Ernlcy, and Colonel Reames, be added to the Committee to which the Bill for Lyndfey Level is committed.

Ordered, That the Committee, to which the Bill for Common Fields is committed, be revived: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the Place formerly appointed.

Ordered, That the Committee, appointed to inspect the Act for regulating Corporations, be impowered to summon and hear the Parties concerned, and such Persons as they shall find necessary to be examined, upon any Complaints that shall come before them; and, if any Persons summoned shall refuse to attend, to report their Contempt therein to the House, that further C*der may be given therein.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

jDie Martis,i 2° Mai/, 150 Regis Car. IIdi.

Prayers.

UPON Information given to the House, That William George, an Officer of the Excise, had counterfeited the Hand of John George Esquire, a Member of this House, to a Protection, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That the said William George be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, or his Deputy; to answer his Misdemeanor, and Breach of Privilege, in counterfeiting the Name of John George Esquire, a Member of this House, to a Protection.

Refoh ed, See. That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Waldgrave, Sir Courtney Poole, Mr. Sir Lane.

Lake, Mr. Gaudy, Sir Sol. Mr. Crouch, Lord

Richardson, Mr. Powlett, Sir Doyley, Mr. Jones,

Sir Edm. Peirfe, Colonel Rolinfon, Mr. Sir

John Birkinhead, Sir Rich. Onslow, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Job Charlton, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Strode, Mr.

Mr. Cornwallis, Mr. Mallett, Mr. Warton, Sir Everard, Mr. Marvell, Mr. Sprye, Mr. Wbcrwood, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Hollis, Sir John , Sir John Buncombe, Sir John Coriton, Sir Edm.Pooley, Mr. Edw.

Mr. Kent, Mr. Culleford, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Devon and Cornwall: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed, by Order of the Thirteenth of April lad, to inspect the Act for the Confirmation of Judicial Proceedings, be revived; and do fit Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to the Committee, to which the Bill concerning the Confirmation of College-Leases was committed; Mr. Culleford, Sir Sol. Swale, Mr. Gaudy, Dr. Burwell, Sir Edm. Peirfe, Mr. Oakley, Sir Geo. Downing, Mr. Gold, Sir Fra. Goodrick, Mr. Daniell, Mr. Owen, Colonel Ro-binfon. Sir Rich. Oatley.

A Bill for the Advancement of Trade was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the- said Bill be committed to Sir Geo. Downing, Sir Edm.Pooley, Mr. Whorwood, Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. Seymour, Sir John Coriton, Mr. Jones, Mr. Knight, Mr. Cory, Sir John Goodrick, Sir Tho. Strickland, Mr. Clifford, Mr. Musgrave, Sir John Talbot, Mr. Hen.

Coventry, Sir Rob. Brooke, Mr. Strickland, Sir Lake, Sir Sol. Swale, Mr. Coventry, Sir Rich. Onslow, Sir Cha. Harbord. Lord Richardson, Mr. Sprye, SivWm. Tcmpfon,

Sir John Duncombe, Mr. John Vaughan, Colonel wayes. Sir Tho. Gower, Mr. Pryn, Sir Cha. Huffey, Mr. Harbord. Sir Edw. Moseley, Mr. Jolly, Sir Lee, Mr. Culleford, Mr. Wm.Sandis, Mr. Heath, Sir Phil. Muf-grave, Mr. Wren, Colonel Edm. Windham, Colonel Edw. Phillips, Colonel Fra. Windham, Mr. Jones, Sir

wick, Mr. Daniell, Sir Tho. LittletonMr. Sir John Cotton, Mr. Geo. Mountague, Col. Gilby, Mr. Garway, Mr. Kent, Lord Newburgh, Mr. Talbot, Sir

Rich.Temple,1 Sir Wm.Hickman, Sir Rich. Browne, Mr.

Jay, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Glascock, Sir Rich. Ford, Sir John Rouse, Mr. Harvey, Colonel Birch, Mr. Waller: And all the Members of this House, that shall come to the Committee, are to have Votes: And they are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber at Two of the Clock Tomorrow in the Afternoon; And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. And the Committee are hereby impowered to fever the Matters in the Bill; and to bring in distinct Bills upon such several Matters of the Bill as they shall find necessary; and also to consider of a Clause to be inserted in this Bill; or else to prepare and bring in a Bill, to inhibit Butchers from Selling of live fat Cattle.

Ordered, That William Vernon Esquire be sent for in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, or his Deputy, for his Breach of Privilege, in causing Actions of Ejectment to be brought against Edward Witson. Tenant to William Thompson Esquire, a Member of this House; and a Declaration, to be delivered to Mr. Thomson, to try the Title of certain Lands in the Possession of the said Mr. Thomson.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, for veiling certain Lands of John Coppleflon in Sir Francis Vincent, and others, for Payment of his Debts, was read the Second time.

A Bill being tendered, for constituting a Registry for registring Deeds and Conveyances -,

Resolved, See. That the Bill for constituting & Registry be read Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Child and Sir Toby Woolrich;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you back a Bill, to impower Sir John Drake, and others, to make Sale cf Lands, for Payment of the Portion ot Ellen Brifcoe Widow, with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. And they have also commanded us to let you know, that they do concurr with

this House, to the Amendments made to the Bill, to enable Edward Marquis of Worcester to receive the Benefit and Profit of a Water-commanding Engine, by him invented, one Tenth-Part whereof is appropriated for the Benefit of the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors: And that they have agreed to these Bills sent up from this House; viz. The Bill for the Punishment of unlawful Cutting, or Stealing, or Spoiling of Wood and Underwood, and Destroyers of young Timber-Trees: The Bill for settling the charitable Gift of John Gueji: And the Bill to enable Edward Challoner Esquire to make Provision for Anne his Wife, and his younger Children.

Sir Charles Harbord reports, from the Committee of his Majesty's Revenue, the Opinion of the Committee, That the House be moved to desire his Majesty, that no Grant be passed, or Contract made, of, or touching, the Post-Office, until the Committee shall have inspected the fame, and made Report thereof to the House, as well for the Improvement of the Revenue thereof, as for the better Management of that Office.

He also further reports, the Opinion of the Committee, That the House be moved to declare, that all such as shall offer most for the Improvement of any Branch of his Majesty's Revenue, they being duly qualified, shall be, by the House, recommended to the King, for the Farming of such respective Branch.

Which Votes he delivered in at the Clerk's Table: And, being twice read;

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, in the Particulars by them reported.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary Bennet, Sir William Compton, Mr. Treasurer, and Mr. Vice-Chamberlain, being of his Majesty's Privy-Council, and Members of this House, do atten<j his Majesty; and acquaint him with the Votes before-mentioned; as also with the Votes of this House, for Messages to his Majesty, formerly passed; viz.

" That the King's Majesty be humbly moved, from the House, to take care for the Encouraging of the Vent of Woolen and other Manufactures of England, into Scotland and Ireland: And that no Impositions be laid, or continued, in those Kingdoms, that may discourage the Vent of them."

" That the King's Majesty be humbly moved, from the House, to give Leave, that there be a constant free Exportation of Geldings: And that he would be pleased to recall his Proclamation, that restrains their Exportation."

" That his Majesty be humbly desired, by the House, that no Consulffiip be continued, or hereafter granted, in any Place, but at the Desire of the respective Merchants trading to that Place; and at such Allowances and Charges only as the Merchants shall consent to give them."

Ordered, That Sir John Goodrich have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

JDieMercurii, iff Matt, i ff Regis, Car. IF*

Prayers.

(YRdered, That the Cause depending before the Committee of Elections, concerning the Election of Sir Charles Cotter ell, being appointed to be heard the in Whit fun Week, be put off from that Day; and be appointed to be heard on the Tuesday following, being the Sixteenth of June next.

Ordered, That these Persons following be added to the Committee, to which the Bill against Licentiousness, Pro-faneness, and Impiety, was committed; viz. Mr. Mr.

ff^borwood, Mr. Holy, Sir John Strode, Mr. Crouch, Sir Ji-ich. Vivian, Sir Clifford Clifton, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr.

Daniell, Mr. York, Sir Cha. Cotterell, Sir John Covert, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Jay, Dr.

A Bill to make good an Assurance, made by Charles Pitcarne Esquire, of certain Lands in Vwickenham in the County of Middlesex; and to enable a Sale of other Lands,

for Payment of his Debts; was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Sir Lane. Lake, Colonel Robinson, Mr. Westphaling, Sir Anth. Irby, Mr. Whorwood, Colonel John Robinson, Dr. Burwell,

Mr. John Vaughan, Sir Wm.Hickman, Mr. Kent, Sir Rob. Holt, Mr. Bulteele, Lord Cornbury, Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir John Shaw, Sir Tho. Ingram, Mr. Hungerford, Colonel Reames, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Edm. Pye, Sir Cliff. Clifton, Sir Tho. Tompkins, Mr. Yorke, Sir Job Charlton, Sir

Rich. Onslow, Colonel Strangwayes, Mr. Knight, Colonel Edw. Phillips, Mr. Crouch, Sir John Coriton, Mr. Mil-ward, Sir Allan Apfley: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Committee, appointed to inspect the Act concerning die Repairing and Cleansing the Streets and Highways in the Cities of London and and Parts adjacent; and also to consider of the Matter touching Hackney-Coachmen; be revived; and do fit Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Place formerly appointed.

Amendments, sent from the Lords, to an ingrossed Bill, to enable Sir John Drake, and others, to fell Lands, for the Payment of the Portion of Brifcoe, and a Proviso to be added to the Bill, were this Day twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

The Bill, with the Amendments and Proviso agreed to, being read the Third time;

Resolved, That the said Amendment and Proviso be added to, and made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, &c. That a Committee be appointed to inspect the Act for the Importation of Madder, ' pure and unmixt; viz. Mr. Jones, Sir Geo. Ryve, Mr. Clifford, Sir Wm. Doyley, Sir Wm. Tompson, Mr. Knight, Mr. Jolly, Sir John Frederick, Sir Geo. Downing, Sir Theo. Biddolph, Colonel Robinson, Sir Edm. Peirfe, Colonel Reames, Mr. Street, Sir Tho. Strickland, Mr. Scawen, Dr. Burwell, Mr. Jay, Mr. Sprye, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Whorwood, Sir Robert Brooke, Sir Nich. Crispe, Sir BrampJion, Air.

Pepis, and all the Members of this House that serve for the City of London: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber; and to summon and hear the Merchants, and Dyers: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And to consider what Amendments are necessary to be made to the Act; and report the same to the House.

Sir Charles Harbord reports, from the Committee appointed to inspect several Branches of his Majesty's Revenue, That, upon Consideration and long Debate of the Business, touching the Newcastle Coals; and the Duty of Twelve-pence per Chaldron upon the Inland Rent, whereof Sir Jeremy Whitchcott Baronet claimeth one Third-Part, by virtue of some Grant thereof, made to the Lord Vif-"count Mordant, Sir Thomas Peyton, and himself (as he pretends), by his Majesty at Brin or about February

next before his Majesty's happy Return, at the Rent of One thousand Eight hundred Thirty-six Pounds Twelve Shillings per Annum; which Grant was not produced, nor in the Lid Sir^rwy's Hands, as he pretended (there being then a former Grant in being, which ended at Christmas 1660); the Opinion of the Committee, That this Revenue is well worth Eight thousand Pounds per Annum; and is a growing Revenue.

Which Report he delivered in at the Clerk's Table; And the same was twice read.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee in the Matter reported.

6F Ordered,

Ordered, That it be referred to the same Committee, to fend for the Patent, or the Exemplification of it, whereby the Coal-Farm of Newcastle is granted , and to inspect the fame; and report the Matter, with their Opinions thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That the Matter upon the Bill for Increase of the Maintenance of Ministers, in Cities, Towns-Corporate, and Market-Towns, be adjourned, and resumed Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect such publick Bills as are now under Commitment (a List whereof is to be made out by the Clerk of the House); and to consider such as are of most Consequence to be parted; and make Report thereof to the House; that such Bills may in the first Place be proceeded in, and receive Dispatch; viz. Mr. Mr. , Sir Tho.

W?ndy. Sir John Buncombe, Sir Job , Sir John Birkinhead, Sir Bain.Tbrockmorton, Sir Mr.

Sprye, Mr. John Vaughan, Sir Rich. Onjlotv, Sir 'Tho. Meres; or any Three of them: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in die Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for constituting a Registry for registring Deeds and Conveyances was this Day read the First time.

The Question being propounded, Whether this Bill for constituting a Registry is regularly brought in;

The Question being put, That this Question be now put;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the main Question being put, Whether this Bill for constituting a Registry is regularly brought in;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That these Realons following. Why the Bill did not come in regularly, be expressed in the Journal; viz.

Because the Bill, upon the Reading, does appear to tend towards the Repeal of divers Laws now in Force; and to lay a Charge on the People; and was brought in, without first asking the Leave of the House.

Resolved, &c. That a Committee be appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill to prevent fraudulent Conveyances and Afiiirances; viz. Mr. Sollicitor-General, Sir John Keeling, Mr. Waller, Sir Job Charlton, Sir John Maynard, Sir Fra. Goodrick, Mr. Torke, Sir John Talbot, Mr. Pryn, Sir John Buncombe, Mr. Hen. Coventry, Sir Geo. Court hop, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. John Vaughan, Sir Rich. Temple, Mr. Clifford, Colonel Birch, Mr. Thurland, Mr.

Whorwood, Mr. Street, Sir Thomas Meres, Mr. Seymour, Sir Rob. Atkyns, Mr. Wm. Coventry, Sir Wm. Boyley, or any Three of them: And it is recommended to them, to expedite and bring in the Bill against This-day-sevennight: And Mr. Vaughan is desired to take care thereof: And it is allb referred to the said Committee to inquire into the Abuses, in the Keeping and Recording of Fines, Statutes, Judgments, Recognizances, or Deeds; and to propose such Expedients for the orderly Calendering, Recording, and Keeping thereof, and for the Facilitating of Searches, as they shall find necessary: And they are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber, Tomorrow in the Afternoon at Two of the Clock: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Masters, Mr. Kent, and ' Rich. Vivian, be added to the Committee, to which the Bill for the better Observation of the Lord's Day is committed.

A Bill to confirm a Sale of Lands, made by Sir Robert Howard, was read die First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time, on Saturday next.

A Bill for settling the Sessionsx to be kept in Carnarvon, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the same be committed to Mr. Griffith,

Sir Robert Holt, Mr. Oakeley, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Pryn, Lord St. John, Mr. Pursell, Sir Lake, Mr. Spry,

Colonel Robinson, Mr. Torke, Mr. Musgrave, Mr.

cocke. Sir Arthur Owen, Colonel Strangwayes, Mr. Arris, Mr. Baniell, Sir Richard Oately, Sir Jeffrey Shackerly, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Hender Roberts, Mr. Chetwyn, Sir Tho. Littleton, Dr. Burwell, Mr. Street, Sir Philip Musgrave,

Sir Thomas Allen, Colonel Laybeme, Sir Charles Mr. Attorney of the Duchy, Sir Edward Sir

John Birkenhead, Mr. Baton, Sir Henry Newton, Mr. Henley, Mr. Mallett, and all the Members that serve for North Wales: And they are to meet at Two of the Clock Tomorrow in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Lord Richardson, Mr. Chetwyn, Mr. Griffith, Sir John Shaw, Mr. Loivther, Mr. Westfaling, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Baniell, Sir John Rouse, Mr. Phillips,

Sir Rich.Browne, Sir John BraMr. Attorney of the

Duchy, Sir Solomon Swale, Colonel Strangwayes, Sir Rich. Oately, Dr. Burwell, Mr. Musgrave, Mr. Spry, Mr. Harris, Colonel Bishop, Sir Thomas Peyton, Mr. be

added to the Committee, to which the Matter for preventing the Meetings of Sectaries is referred.

Mr. Mallett reports, from the Committee, to which the ingrafted Bill sent from the Lords, for veiling certain Lands of John Copplefton in Sir Francis Vincent Knight and Baronet, and others, in Trust, for Payment of his Debts, was committed. That the Committee had carefully perused the Bill; and find the same very just, and reasonable; and so no Cause to make any Alteration or Amendment thereto: And delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrafted Bill, sent from the Lords, for settling an Annuity of Three hundred Pounds per Annum upon Charles Earl of Portland; and for the Benefit of Willoughby Whitlocke, Bulstrode Wand Carleton

locke. Infants; and for Confirming of Agreement made to compose Suits in Law against them; being returned from the Committee, without any Amendment; was read the Third time,

Resolved, That the said Bill be agreed to.

Resolved, That the Title of the said Bill, being. An Act for settling an Annuity of Three hundred Pounds per Annum upon Charles Earl of Portland; and for the Benefit of Willoughby Whitlocke, Bulstrode Whitlock, and Carleton Whitlocke, Infants; and for Confirming of Agreements made to compose Suits in Law against them; be also agreed to.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clodt.

Jovis, 140 Matty 150 Car. IIdl Regis. Prayers.

r\Rdered, That the Report of the Fills for the Draining the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, be heard on Saturday next.

3

Ordered, That this House will solemnize the Twenty-ninth Day of this present May, being the Day of his Majesty's happy Birth and Restoration, in St. Margaret's Church, Westminster: And Doctor Creyton, Dean of

is desired to preach before the House in St. Margaret's Church, That Day: And Sir John Birkenhead and Colonel Windham are to intimate the Request of this House to Mr. Bean Creyton.

Ordered, That the Committee, to which the Bill for inlarging an Act made in 43" Elizfor Relief of the Poor,

be

r

Car. II. Journals of the House of Commons. 483

be revived and do fit in the Place formerly appointed. Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And these Members following are added to the Committee; viz. Mr. Attorney of the Duchy, Sir John Colonel Windham, Colonel Robinson, Sir George Grub-

barn How, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Peps, Dr.

Sir Rich. Oateley, Sir Tho. Allen, Mr. Sir Edmund

Peirfe, Sir Rich. Browne, Mr. Knight, and the Members of this House that serve for the Cities of London and minster, and the County of Mid

Mr. Hungerford reports, from the Committee, to which the Bill for distinguishing what Mines shall be taken for Mines Royal was committed, some Amendments to be made to the Bill: Which being once read; and the First Amendment being read the Second time, and debated,

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be re-committed to the former Committee, upon the present Debates in the House, touching the Proportions of Silver and Gold to be contained in the Ore j and to view the Grants and Patents concerning Mines Royal; and to summon and hear the King's Majesty's Counsel, and other Persons concerned as Members of the Corporations constituted, touching Mines Royal and to provide a Clause or Proviso for Preservation of his Majesty's Interest in the Mines he does enjoy; and also to consider of erecting a Standard for ascertaining the Proportions-, and report their Opinions therein to the House: And all the Members of this House, of the Long Robe, are added to the Committee: And the Committee is hereby revived: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Alexander Davies, William John Warner, and Francis Gregg, be sent for in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, or his Deputy, for their Breach of Privilege, in causing Actions of Ejectment to be brought, and Declaration to be delivered, to Mr. Oneale, a Member of this House, and his Tenant, to try the Title of certain Messuages and Lands in the Pofifeflion of the said Mr. and his

X enants.

A Bill for Discovery, Punishing and Preventing the Abuses, Misdemeanors, and Offences, in Buying and Selling of Offices, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. that this Bill be read the Second time, on Monday next.

A Bill for the more effectual Partition of the Lands of Joint-Tenants was this Day read.

Resolved, That this Bill be read the Second time on Saturday next.

Sir Charles Harbordreports, from the Committee appointed to inspect several Branches of his Majesty's Revenue, That the Committee was of Opinion, that the House be moved, that those Members that were appointed to attend his Majesty, to desire him. That no Grant be passed, or Contract made, of or touching the Post-Office, until the Committee shall have inspected the fame, and made Report thereof to the House, as well for the Improvement of the Revenue, as for the better Management of that Office, do make Report of his Majesty's Answer; that this Committee may proceed therein, according to the Order of the House: And that it was the Opinion of the Committee, That this House be moved to declare their Judgment, touching Extraparochial Tythes, "Whether they belong to his Majesty; and if so, that the Members of each County do give their Assistance for the finding of them out in all Places, where any such are.

Which Report was delivered in at the Clerk's Table -, and twice read.

Resolved, &c. That this House is of Opinion, That Extra-parochial Tythes do belong to his Majesty.

Ordered, That it be referred to the same Committee, Co inquire into the Matter touching Extraparochial Tythes,

and the Values of them; and what Grants have been made of them; and to report the Matter to the House: And the Committee is impowered to make a Sub-Committee for examining of this Matter, if they fee Cause.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed so inquire into the undue Execution of a Commission, issued into the County of Sussex, for Discovery of Lands gained from the Sea; or any other Commissions of like Nature viz. Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Clifford, Sir Pooley, Serjeant

Charleton, Sir George Ryve, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Attorney of the Duchy, Mr. Cooke, Sir Charles Huffey, Mr.

Mr. Kent, Sir Herbert Price, Mr. Garraway, Mr. Solli; citor-General, Sir Tho. Meeres, Mr. Whorwood, Mr tague, Mr. Pryn, Sir Francis Goodrich, Sir John Dun-

combe, Sir Wm. Stroode, Sir Anth.Irby, Mr. Coventry, Mr.

Sandys, Colonel Williams, Sir Allan Apjley, Mr. Newport, Sir Hen. Cap ell. Sir Tho. Tompkins, Mr. Sir

Chichester Wray, Sir Rich. Browne, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Mallett, Mr. Henry Coventry, Sir Wm. Doyley, Mr. Wren, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Robert Holt, Sir Edm. Peirce, Sir Rich. Oately, and all the Members of this House that serve for the County of Sussex, or any other maritime Counties, are hereby appointed to be of the Committee: And all the Members that come are to have Voices: And they are hereby impowered to consider of, and receive Complaints, touching Commissions, Patents, or Grants, which are Grievances and to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock, in the Exchequer-Chamber: And to report their Proceedings and Opinions to the House.

Ordered, That the Committee, to which the Bill touching the Draining of Lindsey Level is committed, be hereby impowered to receive and take into Consideration such Petitions as shall be offered to them touching the said Level.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning at Eight of the Clock.

Die Veneris^ 150 Maiiy 150 Regis Car. IIi!'

Prayers.

A Bill to prevent Abuses, and to regulate the Trade of Weaving, was this Day read the Second time. Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Jones, Mr. Milward, Sir Fra.Goodrich, Sir Solomon Swales

Colonel Gilby, Sir John Show, Mr. Daniell, Sir Cha. Harbor d, Colonel Birch, Mr. Jolly, Sir John Birkinhead, Sir John Goodrick, Sir Rob. Holt, Mr. Harbord, Sir Gervas Clifton, Sir Tho. Allen, Mr. Steward, Sir Rich. Browne, Sir Theo. Biddulph, Mr. Attorney of the Duchy, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Edw. Masters, Sir John Mr. Torke,

Mr. Hungerford, Sir Cliff. Clifton, Sir Rich. Vivian, Mr. Street, Mr. Cory, Sir Phil. Musgrave, Sir Tho. Tm-pkins. Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Tho. Gower, Colonel Kirby, Mr. desford, Mr. Gaudy, Mr. Morice, Dr. Burwell, Sir John Shaw, Mr. Pryn, Sir John Duncombe, Sir Wm.

Mr. Westpbaling, Mr. Musgrave, Sir Hen. Newton, Mr. Henley, Mr. Hender Roberts, Mr. Langherne, Mr. Oakley, Sir Wm. Tompson, Sir John Shaw, Mr. Knight, Mr. Kentj Sir Rob. Howard, Sir Hen. Bennett, Mr. Crouch, Sir Hen. North, Mr. Pepis, Sir Geo. Sir Jeoffrey Sha-

ker ley, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Mallett, Mr. Owen, Mr. Leighton, Sir John Frederick, Sir Henry Howard: And all the Members of this House that come are to have Voices at the Committee: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Order made Yesterday, as to the Committee, touching Lyndfey Level, be amended, the Motion being mistaken; and that the Word " "

be inserted in the Head of " *\

Serjeant

484 Journals of the House of Commons. 166 y

Serjeant Charlton reports, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election For the Borough of Boston in the County of Lincolne, between Sir Anthony Irby and Major Thory, That the Opinion of the Committee was. That the Inhabitants, if they were not Freemen, had not Voices in the Election; and that Sir Anthony Irby was duly elected.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, That Sir Anthony Irby was duly elected, and ought to fit.

Ordered, That the Bill, brought in this Day, to make Void Two Letters Patents granted by the King's Majesty, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill delivered in, touching the Arrears of the Excise, be read Tomorrow Morning.

The House did then resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed upon the additional Bill for the better ordering the Forces in the several Counties of this Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Milward took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker again took the Chair.

Mr. Milward reports, from the Committee, That the Committee had made feme further Progress in the said Bill; and desired, that the House would again resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, to resume the Debate upon the said Bill.

Resolved, &c. That the House will, on ‘Tuesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to resume the Debate upon the said Bill.

Ordered That Sir Maurice Berkley have the Leave of this House to go over unto Ireland.

Ordered, That all the Members of this House that serve for the Counties of Lincolne and , and Mr.

Vaughan, and Mr. Flint, be added to the Committee to which the Bill for confirming Two Decrees was committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Richard , having been lick, and not able to attend the Service of this House, be discharged of the Fine of Five Pounds, imposed on him for his Default.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Dyke have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Sabbati, i6° Matt, 150 Car.

Prayers,

/'JRdered, That Sir William Moreton do deliver, unto Mr. Isaac Lloyd, a distinct Lift of such Inhabitants

of the Town and County of , who are

not Burgesses, who gave their Votes for Sir Wm. Moreton, to have him elected for that Place.

Ordered, That Leave be given for amending the Title of the Petition exhibited in the Name of Sir Tho. Afb-feild Knight, the same being mistaken.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas being sick, have

Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Heakh.

A Bill to make void Two Letters Patents, granted by his Majesty to Walter Fowler and Sir was read

the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time on Monday next.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, for veiling certain Lands of John Copplefton in Sir Francis , and

others, in Trust, to fell for the Payment of his Debts, was this Day read the Third time.

The Question being put. That the said Bill do pass;

The House was divided.

The Ayes went forth.

Sir Courtney Poole, f Tellers for the Ayes :*> ,

SirTho. Stewkeley, \ With the Ayes, j

Colonel Strangwayes, ^Tellers for the Noes :?

Colonel Gilby, ( With the Noes, J ?7*

And so it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Committee, formerly appointed to inspect the Act concerning the Highways, with other Acts, do also inspect the Act made touching the Carriage of Timber for the Use of the King's Majesty; and to fee, whether the same be defective; and what Supplies they find necessary to be made thereto; and report the same to the House.

Ordered, That Sir Adam Browne have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

Sir George Ryves reports, from the Committee to which the Bills for the Draining of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, was committed. That the Committee thought fit to proceed on the Bill brought in on the Behalf of the old Adventurers; and had made several Amendments thereto; and had also agreed an Addition to be inserted, and made Part of the Bill, contained in Thirty-four Sheets of Paper: Which Amendments and Additions he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: And the fad Amendments and Addition, reported from the Committee, were read the First time.

The Amendment to the Twelfth Line of the Eighth Folio was read the Second time; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Amendment to the Thirteenth Line of the fanvs Folio was read the Second time *, and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The next Amendment, to the Seventh Line of the Ninth Folio, was read the Second time; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The next Amendment, to the Ninth and Twelfth Lines of the same Folio, being read; and debated;

Resolved, See. That the Lands of the Adventurers in Bedford Level shall be made liable to Sale for not Payment of Taxes.

Resolved, See. That it be referred to Sir Rich. , Colonel Williams, Mr. Wren, Sir Robert Howard, Sir Wm. Compton, Sir Hen. Peck Colonel Sandys, Sir Charles Harbord, Mr. Mountague, Sir Wm. Doyley, Mr. Sandys, Colonel Williams, Mr. Coventry, Sir Littleton, Sir George Ryve, Sir Wm. Terringham, Lord , Sir Henry North, Mr. Phillips, Sir Anth. Irby, Mr. Pe-pis, Mr. Milward, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Trevor, or any Five of them, to peruse the Bill; and fee what Influence this Vote hath upon the several Clauses of it; and to insert the same in such Manner, and with such Circumstances, as they shall find necessary: And they are to meet at Two of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Exchequer-Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And expedite their Report to the House.

Mr. Secretary Bennett did, this Day, make Report, and deliver in Writing, from the King's Majesty, his gracious Message, in Answer to the Votes and Addresses from this House: Which being read;

Ordered, That his Majesty's gracious Message be entered in the Journal of this House: Which being as followeth: Viz.

Charles

Gar. EL Journals &f the House of Commons. 485

1. TTIS Majesty hearing the Message from His House

U of Commons, of the Twelfth of May, touching the Post-Office, commands it be answered. That there is ho new Grant or Contrail made concerning That Office: What Mr. Oneate hath had, is but the Remainder of that Time which is yet to come upon Mr. s Patent i In the Execution of which, His Majesty, not being satisfied for the extraordinary Number of Non-conformists and dilaffeiled Persons in that Office, was inclined to admit of this Change: But the Term being expired. His Majesty will have a Care to fee it raised to that Profit it tnay fairly be; remembering always, that, it being an Office of much Trust, as well as a Farm, it will not be fit to give it to him that bids most; because a dishonest or dilaffedted Person is likeliest to exceed that Way.

2. His Majesty issued forth His late Proclamation, for* bidding the Transportation of Geldings, reflecting (among other Reaforts) upon the great Scarcity of them, occasioned by the Death of very many more thele last Years than usually: When His Majesty seeth the Numbers restored, He shall willingly comply with the Desires of His House of Commons, in allowing a free Transportation of them.

.3. His Majesty, knowing of how publick a Benefit it Is, will be always ready to encourage Manufactures, elpe-. dally the Woolen ones: And, that the Impositions ... be fairly laid, purpose th to appoint Commissioners of the respective Nations, who may represent to him the reciprocal Conveniencies of them: Upon which His Majesty will inake His Determinations accordingly.

4. His Majesty finds, that the Nomination of Con* fills, in the Factories abroad, hath always been in the Crown* and kept there , because, in most Parts, they arc Agents to maintain the Privileges of the Nation, and the Articles of Peace made for the Advantage of it: *That, if His Majesty should grant what is desired to the Merchants here, it would manifestly disoblige die rest of the Kingdom, equally engaged in the Trade: However, His Majesty Id far complieth with the Desires of His House of Commons, as to promise Care shall be taken to nominate none, but in such Places where they are precisely necessary , and with such Allowances as the Merchants shall think fit, in their respective Factories: And also that the said Consuls be Men fitly qualified* and acceptable to them.

Ordered, That this House will, on Wednesday next, re* lolve into a Committee of the whole House, t6 proceed in the further Consideration of the Bill for Increase of the Maintenance of Mmilters in Corporations.

Ordered \That the Committee, to which the Bill for draining Lindsey Level is committed, have Leave to fit on Monday next in the Afternoon.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Eight of the Clock.

Die Luna, 18° Mail, 150 . II41.

Prayers.

f~\Rdered, That these Members following be added to the Committee, to which the Bill against Profanenels, Licentioufnels, and Impiety, is committed \ Mr. Jay, Mr. Morice, Mr. Westfaling, Mr. Oglander, Sir John

Holland, Mr. Uoyd, Sir John , Colonel Dr.

Eurwell, Mr. Lefts.

Ordered, That Sir John Low, and Mr. , be

added to the Committee, to which the Bill for better Observation of the Lord's Day is committed.

Ordered That Leave be given to the Lord,

to prepare and bring in a Bill for Repair of the Key of Wells in Norfolke.

A Bill to make Void Two Letters Patents, granted to Walter Bowler and Sir Garret , by his Majesty, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed to Sir Roger

Bradjhawe, Lord St. John, Mr. , Mr.

Sir John Brampfion, Colonel Robinson, Mr. , Mr.

Chetwyx, Mr. Pepis, Sir Wm. Day ley. Sir Tho. Gower, Mr. Allejlree, Sir John Strode, Sir Moseley, Lord

Richardson, Mr. Attorney of the Duchy, Sir Clifford Clifton, Mr. Scot, Mr. Strickland, Sir Shaker ley.

Sir John Packington, Sir Solomon Swale, Mr.

Dr. Burwell, Colonel Leg, Mr. Torke, Sir John bead. Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Tho. Tompkins, Colonel Wanklyn, Major Cornewell, Sir Tho. Strickland, Sir Clement Fisher, Mr. Bulteele, Sir John Norton, Colonel Fretcbvile, Sir Courtney Poole, Sir Hen. NewtonMr. Hatton, Mr. Dalton, Mr. Coventry, Sir John Holland, Sir Rich. Okeley, and all the Members of this House that serve for the County of Suffeu: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill to confirm a Sale of Lands made by Sir Robert Howard was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Milward, Mr. Oakley, Mr. John Vaughan, Mr. Westphding. Colonel Leg, Sir Tho. T Sir Sol. Swale, Sir

John Brampjton, Mr. Street, Sir Bain. Throckmorton, Sir

Edw. Moseley, Dr. Burwell, Sir Hen. Newton, Sir Allen, Lord Fanjbow, Sir Edw. Sir Cha. Huffey,

Sir Hen. North, Colonel StrangMr. Cooke, Sir Courtney Poole, Captain Garway, Mr. Lord St. John,

Sir Cliff. Clifton, Colonel Gilby, Mr. Pepis, Sir Cha. bord. Sir Antb. Irby, Mr. Hatton, Sir John Birkinbead, Colonel Wanklyn, Mr. Newport, Mr. Kent, Dr. Arris,

Sir Job Charlton, Sir Rich. Oat, Colonel Mr.

Morice, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Nich. Steward, Mr. Waring, Mr. Spry, Sir Fra. Goodrick, Mr. Newton, Hit. Taylor, Mr. Dowdfwell, Mr. Leighton, Sir Hen. Cap ell Sir John Norton, Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. , Mr. Heath,

Sir Rob. Howard, Sir Phil. Howard, Sir Hen. Herbert,

Mr. John Steward, Mr. Bamaby, Sir Hum. Bennett, Mr.

Law. Hide, Sir John Salisbury, and all the Members of this House that serve for the County of Salop: And they are to meet on Wednesday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber; and to summon and hear all Parties concerned: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Upon Information, That one Humphry Davies, an At* torney, had commenced Actions at Law, to try the Title of certain Bullaries of Salt-water, lying in and near the Borough of Droytwich in the County of one against

Barrett and Gifford, Officers of that Corporation and intends to proceed in the said Actions, although Sir John Packington, Sir John Talbot, and others. Members of this House, do claim a Tide in the said Bullaries of Saltwater

Ordered, That the said Humphry or any other Person, his Assigns and Agents, be injoined, at their Peril, to stay all further Proceedings at Law, touching the said Bullaries of Salt-water, lying in Droytwich before-mentioned, during the Session of this present Parliament.

Serjeant Charlton reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for the better regulating Vestries was committed, several Amendments to be made to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: And the Amendments being read the First time 5 and the First Amendment to the Line of the Folio, being read the Second time, was, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Second Amendment to the Line of the #-Folio, being read the Second time j and debated,

*.6G- TU

486 Journals of the House Commons. Jl.166

The Question being put, That the Bill be re-committed, upon the present Debate of the House, to the former Committee;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Committee be revived i and do fit this Afternoon at Two of the Clock* in the Place formerly appointed*

Sir Thomas Meres reports* from the Committee appointed to inspect such publick Bills as were under Commitment, and to report which of them were of most Consequence to be proceeded in That the Committee have-ing duly considered a List of Publick Bills and Things, now under Commitment, the Opinion of the said Committee, That such of them as are of most Consequence to be passed, and which deserve* in the First place, to be proceeded in, and receive Dispatch, are these following i Viz. The Bills concerning the Revenue* and other Matters relating to the fame* — how under several Commitments: The additional Bill for the Militia* — ;-committed 1 The Bill against the Growth of Popery* — committed: The Bill for the better Maintenance of Ministert in Cides and Towns-Corporate, — ‘committed t The Bill for Advancement of Trade,- — committed i The Bills and Matters under the Consideration and Dispatch of the Committee* appointed to review and supply the Acts passed the last Sessions: The Bill for the better ObferVation of the Lord's Day, — committed: The Bill for regulating Abu fes in the Law, and Courts of Justice: — Which he delivered in at the Clerk's Table: And, being read;

Resolved, See. That the Calling over of the House be adjourned till This-day-sevennight.

A Petition being tendered from the Inhabitants of the Four Northern Counties;

Resolved, &c. That Tomorrow Morning, after Ten of the Clock, be the Time appointed for reading the Petition tendered from the Inhabitants of the Four Northern Counties.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Tho. and Sir

Walter Littleton;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you a Bill for the improvement of A'/bddwne-ForeJl, and the Park, called the Broyle-Park: To which they desire the Concurrence

of this House. They have also returned you a Bill, to enable John Robinson Esquire to sell or dispose of Lands, for Payment of his Debts, and making Provision for his younger Children with feme Amendments and Alterations: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

A Bill for Discovery, punishing, and preventing Frauds and Abuses in Buying and Selling of Offices* was this Day read the Second time.

The Question being put. That this Bill be committed i It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being propounded, That there be a Re-trofpeftion contained in the Bill;

The Question being put. That this Question be now.

put i

The House was divided.

The Noes went out.

Sir Sol. Swale, fTellers for the Yeas:7

Sir Tho. Tomkins, \ With the Yeas, j

Colonel Leggy ^Tellers for the Noes

Mr. Lowthery \ With the Noes,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the main Question being put. That there be a Retrofpedl in the Bill

The House was divided.

'J J

oes :7

s» i

The Yeas went out. Sir Ro. Bradshaighy Sir Solomon Sir Lane. Lakey Sir Hen. Le,

J Tellers for the Yeas:' \ With the Yeas, f Tellers for the Noes: ‘ \ With the Noes,

116.

87.

shall

117.

81.

Lord Ancramy Mr. Lovelac Sir Hen.Newton,

Colonel Kirkby,

104.

105.

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative, That there shall be a Retrofpedt contained in the Bill.

The Question being put. That the Committee be impowered to bring in a Clause in the Bill against the Buying and Selling of Titles of Honours;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Tellers for the Yeas:

With the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes:

With the Noes,

But Sir Anthony Irby being absent in the Speaker's Chamber, when the First Affirmative and Negative of: the Question was put j and so could not oppose the Question

Mr* Speaker did declare* That, by the Orders of the House* though he were present at the Second Putting of? the Question, he ought not to have any Vote*

And then the Votes being equal;

Mr. Speaker gave his Vote for the Yeas*

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative, That thej Committee be impowered to bring in a Clause in the Bill, against the Buying and Selling of Titles of Honours.

And the HOufe then proceeding so the Naming a Committee of these Members following; viz. Sir Lane.

Mr. Sollicitor-General, Sir Anth. Mr. Hen. try, Colonel Kirkby, Mr. Pryn, Mr Vice-Chamberlain, Serjeant Charlton, Mr. Secretary Morice, Sir Courtney Poole, Sir Allan Apfley, Sir Fra. Goodrick, Sir John Dun-

combe, Ms. Westphaling, Sir John HSir Edm.

Mr. fVhorweod, Serjeant Keeling, Mr. Cutleford, Mr; Harvey, Lord Fanfhaw, Sir Braham, Sir Bain*

Throckmorton, Mr. Crouch, Sir Tho. Colonel Fra.

Windham, Sir Cha. Berkley jun. Serjeant Maynard, Sir Rich. Temple, Mr. John VaugMr. Treasurer, Sir Geo. Ryve, Sir Sol. Swale, Mr. Glascock, Colorel Pro-gers. Mi;, Wm. Coventry, Sir Hen. Bennett, Mr. Gar way v Mr. Torke, Mr. Hide, Sir Tho. Tomkins, Sir Tho. , Colonel Robinson, Sir Rich. Oatley, Sir Hen. North, Sir Fra. Vincent, Sir Phil. Musgrave, Sir Fowl. Berkley, Sir Cyril Wiche, Sir Edm. Pooley, Colonel Edw. Phillips, Sir Tho. Bludworth, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Newport, Mr. Waller, Sir Hum. Winch, Mr. Higgons, Colonel 9andys, Colonel Trelawney, Sir John Btrkinhead, Mr. Hyde, Mr. Clifford, Sir Hen. Newton, Mr. Ernley, Sir Lee^ Lord Ancram, Sir John Talbot, Sir Cha. Harbord, Mr. Barnaby, Colonel GilesStrangw Sir Ralph Bankes*

Sir Cha. Huffey, Mr. Wren, Colonel Birch, Mr. Thur-land, Mr. Strangwayes, Sir Rich. Powle, Lord Bruce, Sit* Roger Bradshaigh, Sir Hugh Windham, Mr. Sir

John Cokit on. Sir James Smith, Sir Edw. Walpoole, Sir Tho. Hebblethwaite, and all the Members of this House,

that are of the Long Robe, are to be of the Committee: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer-Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That all Committees which were to fit this Afternoon be adjourned; and do fit Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Places formerly appointed.

Ordered, That Sir Edm. Peirfe, Colonel Kirkby, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Sol. Swale, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Sir Tho. Tompkins, be added to the Committee, to which the Bill for regulating Vestries is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Did

Die Martis, t90 Maii, 150 Car. II"1.

Prayers.

A Bill for the better Partition of Lands was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Sprye, Sir Sol. Swale., Colonel Gilby, Sir Phil.

Mr. Oglander, Sir Edw. MajlMr. Mr. Bullet, Mr. Vaughan, Colonel , Mr. , Mr.

Cory, Mr. &?«/, Mr. MooreMr. Thurland, Colonel Arundell, Colonel Strangwayes, Mr. Lane. Lake, Sir John

Rcufe, Mr. Wandesford, Mr. Jay, Mr. Barn ham, Sir The. Villen, Sir Fra. Goodrick, Sir Gower, Colonel Phil-

lips, Sir Rich. 0alley, Mr. Hide, Sir John Sir Clifford Clifton, Mr. Morice, Mr. Mr. IVyn,

Colonel Robinson, Sir Hen. Newton, Sir Chichester

and all the Members of this House, that are of the Long Robe, are added to the Committee: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Sir 'Thomas Sir Richard Vivian,

Sir Edward Masters, and Mr. William Sandys, be added to the Committee to which the Bill for Draining of fey Level was committed.

Ordered, That the Committee, to which it was referred to prepare a Bill against fraudulent Conveyances, and recommended to them to bring it in against this Day, have further Time till Monday next; the Matter being of Consequence, and requiring Time.

An ingrossed Bill, for the Settling of a Free-School in Whitney in the County of Oxon^ being erected and endowed by Henry Box, Citizen and Grocer 6f London, deceased, was this Day read.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill do pals: And that the Title shall be. An Act for the Settling of a Free-School in Whitney in the County of Oxon, being erected and endowed by Henry Box, Citizen and Grocer of London, deceased.

An ingrossed Bill, for the Governing of the Hospital of St. Oswald in the County of , was this Day

read.

Resolved, Zee. That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be, An Act for the Governing of the Hospital of St. Oswald in the County of Worcester.

A Petition of William George Esquire was this Day read.

Ordered That the Order for the Commitment of William George Esquire to the Serjeant at Arms, being made upon a Mistake, be discharged.

Amendments, sent from the Lords, to an ingrossed Bill, sent from this House, to enable John Robinson Esquire to sell or dispose Lands for Payment of his Debts, and making Provision for his younger Children, were this Hay twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

The Bill, with the Amendments, was read the Third time.

Resolved, See. That the said Amendments be inserted

into the Bill.

And Sir Francis Goodrick is to carry up This, and such other ingrossed Bills as are agreed to, to the Lords.

Sir Charles Harbord reports, from the Committee appointed to inspect several Branches of his Majesty's Revenue, That, upon Consideration of the long Estates granted of the Crown-Lands, the Opinion of the Committee, That the House be moved. That, if they think fit, a Bill may be prepared, to avoid all Leases and Grants made since »9° Maii 1660, for any longer Time than for One, Two,

or Three Lives, where they have been usually letten for Lives, or for'One-and-thirty Years in Possession, or so many Years in Reversion, as, with the Estates in being, shall not exceed One-and-thirty Years; reserving One Half or more of the improved yearly Value in Rent: Saving such Leases and Grants of the Lands of the Duchy of Cornwall, as have been made according to the Rules of the Act made in this present Parliament in that behalf , and laving the Lands and Rents granted to the Duke of Albemarle and the Earl of Sandwich.

He further reports. That, upon Consideration of the Sub-Committee, about Deane-Forest, and of the present State and Condition of the said Forest, The Opinion of the Committee, That, if it be resumed into his Majesty's Hands, and managed for his belt Advantage and Fourteen thousand Acres of the Soil, inclosed, re-afforested, and settled in Severalty by Act of Parliament, for a perpetual Growth and Supply of Wood and Timber , it may raise a Revenue of Five thousand Pounds per Annum, by making of Iron there, above Charges of Management i and continue the same forever-, and preserve all the present Timber fit for his Majesty's Shipping, and the young Sapplings of Oak; which may prove a great Nursery of Timber-Trees for the Service of the Royal Navy for the Time to come.

He a!so further reports, That, upon Consideration of the Post-Office, the Opinion of the Committee, That it is worth Twenty-six thousand Pounds per Annum, being well managed.

Which Report he read in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

And the Report being read the First time

The First Part of the Report, touching Grants and Leases of Crown-Lands, was read the Second time; and debated:

Resolved, See. 'that a Bill be brought in according to the Opinion of the Committee and upon the pi efent Debates of the House thereupon. '

The next Part of the Report, touching the Forest of Deanei was read the Second time:

Resolved, See. 'that Sir John Wintoitr shall, on Friday next, be heard at the Bar of this House, as to the Consideration and Execution of his Patent, by which he makes Claim to the Trees in the Forest of Deane: And that such Members of this House as are concerned shall be then heard.

The last Part of the Report, touching the Pdft-Officej being read the Second time;

Resolved, See. That this House doth agree with the Committee, in the Matter by them reported.

Ordered, That the Bill for Wells-Key be read on Wednesday next.

The Report made Y efterday by Sir Thomas Meres-, in relation to such publick Bills and Matters as are of moll: Consequence to be first drfpatched, was read the Second time.

The several Bills and Matters, mentioned in the Report; as necessary first to be proceeded in, were severally read the Third time -, and, upon the Question, agreed to be proceeded in.

Ordered, That the Bill against buying and selling Offices, and Titles of Honour, be added to the Lift of Bills imported arid agreed to be proceeded in.

Ordered, That, after Ten of the Clock, the House do proceed on the publick Bills reported and appointed to be proceeded in -, and no other Bills.

Ordered, That the Bill against the Meeting of Seftaries and Non-conformists be brought in, and read, as soon as it can be made ready: And it is recommended to the Committee to expedite it; and bring it in on Thursday Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill touching the Arrears of the Ex-cife be read Tomorrow Morning.

T,

Ordered, That the Committee, appointed to iiifpeft the Act against Quakers, do expedite their Report to the House*

Ordered, That the Committee, to Which the Bill Chm ceming the Draining of Hatfeil Level was committed, have Leave to fit this Afternoon.

Ordered, That Sir Edward and Mr. SteWctrd,

be added to the Committee, to which the Matter upost the Vote touching Bedford Level was committed.

Ordered, That the House, on Thursdiy next, will resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the Consideration of the Bill for settling the Forces in the several Counties of this Kingdom.

The House adjourns itself till To^motrOw, Eight Clock in the Morning.

I 1 I I I. — -- . < rr - m

Die Mercurtiy 20 ° Matty 150 Regis . IIdi.

Prayers.

A Bill to enable the Lord to fell Lands for the Payment of his Debts, Was read the First

time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second tirtle on Friday next.

A Bill for the Repairing and Maintaining of Wells-Key in the County of Norfolke, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That it be declared so be the antiefit Order and Course of the House, That, when any Bill is committed, no private Member ought to take it away: But the Clerk of the House, or his Deputy, is to attend with the Bill and Order, at the Time and Place appointed for the First Meeting of the Committee} and deliver the same in at the Committee, after the Chairman is chosen.

Ordered, That the Speaker's Inner Chamber be ap-inted for the Sitting of the Committee for the King's Majesty's Revenue: And no other Committee to meet there, at the Times of their Sitting.

A Petition of Mr. Abraham Forrester was read.

Rtf.lved, See. That the said Petition be committed to

Lord Fanshaw, Sir John Denha, Colonel Reames, Mr.

Holy, Colonel Strangwayes, Sir Ralph , Sir John

Shaw, Mr. Torke, Sir Cha. H Sir John Filz-James, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. John VLord St. John, Sir

Sol. Swale, Sir John Strode, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Wm. Saudis, Colonel Birch, Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. or

any Five of them, to take the Petition into Consideration; and to consider feme Expedient, how the Petitioner may be gratified, in Lome Way answerable to his Skill and Merit j and report their Opinions therein to the House.

A. Bill to take away Damage Cleere was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

The House did theti resolve itself into a Committee of the House, to proceed upon the Bill for the Increase of the Maintenance of Ministers in Cities, Towns-Corporate, and Market-Towns.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Meres took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker again took the Chair.

Sir Thomas Meres reports, from the Committee, That the Committee had made a good Progress in the said Bill j and desired, that the House would again resolve

3

itself Into a Committee of the whole House, on Saturday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, to resume the De» bate upon the said Bill.

Resolved, See. That this House will again resolve itfelf1 into a Committee of the whale House, on Morn-

ing next, at Ten of the Clock, to resume the Debate upon the said Bill.

Resolved, Bee. That the Committee, to whom the Bill for making navigable the Rivers of Merfiy and Weaver is committed, be revived; and they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Place formerly appointed.

Ordered, That Mr. Street db caify up the ingrossed Bills, already passed, te the Lords.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Thotnas Bird and Sir Walter Littleton;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have returned you a Bill, lent from this House,.for repairing the Highways within the Counties of Hertford, Cambridge, and Huntington, with some Alterations and Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Ori?rft/, TKat all the Members that serve for the Counties of Cornwall and Devon be added to the Committee# to which the Bill to make the Lessee prove his Lives in Being is committed.

And theh the Hdufe adjourned till TO-morrow Mousing, Eight of the Clock.

Die Joviiy 210 Matty 15* Regie . IIdi.

Pr aVb r$.

A Petition of Jacob Momma, and

Peter Hoet, was this Day read.

Resolved, &c. That the said Petitiott be referred to a Committee of these Members following , viz. Sir Wm* Compton, Mr. Knight, Sir John Birkinbead, Sir Wm. Thompson, Sir Phil. Musgrave, Lord Colonel

Reames, Sir John Shaw, Mr. Henley, Sir Tho. Allen, Mr.

Buller, Colonel Jonathan Trtlawkey, Mr. Attorney of the Duchy, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Morice, Mr, , Sir Cha. Harbord, Mr. Jones, Sir John Frederick, Captain Garmay, Sir Sol. Swale, Sir John Talbot, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Colonel Williams, Sir Tho. Tempk Mr. John T\relawney. Sir John Rouse, Lord Richardson, Sir Rich. Mr*

Kent, Sir Rich. Brabam, Sir Edm^Pooley, Sir Mr. Jay, Mr. Spry, Sir Abraham Cullen, Mr. Walden, Sir Edw. Walpoole, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. , Sir

Geo. Downing, Sir John Newton, Colonel Windham, Sir Tho. Fanshaw, Sir John Holland, Lord Bruce, Sir Tho. Proby, Mr. Whorwood, or any Five of them: And they are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And to examine the Matter of the Petition , and to report the feme, and their Opinions thereupon, to the House.

Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill, fenc up from this House, for repairing the Highways within the Counties of Hertford, Cambridge, and Huntington, were this Day twice read j and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Ordered, That the Bill be amended. And thp Lard Fanfhaw is to carry it back to the Lords.

Mr. Hungerford reports, from the Committee tawlych the Bill for confirming an Award made by his Majesty, for settling the Differences between the Lord Marquis of Winchester and Jiis Son, was committed, several Amendments to be made, and a Proviso to be added, to the said: Bill: Which Amendments were twice read and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

The Proviso was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Proviso be agreed to.

Resolved,&c. That the Bill, with the Amendments and Proviso, be agreed to.

Ordered, That the Committee, appointed to inspeil the Act for Repairing the Streets and Highways in and near the Cities of London and Westmi; and to examine the Matter touching Hackney-Coachmen; be revived; and do fit Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill to retain his Majesty's Subjects in their due Obedience, and to provide Remedies against the unlawful Assemblies, Conventicles, and Meetings of Sectaries, Non-conformists, and Dissenters from the Church; was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the Clothiers and Workers of Woolen Manufactures of the County of and City of Exon,

was this Day read.

Resolved, &c. That a Committee be appointed to in-Ipeft the present Laws, touching the Transportation of Woolen Manufactures*, and fee whether the same are sufficient; and to inquire what Benefit has accrued to the Subjects of this Kingdom, by the late Sulpension of the Patent granted to the Merchant Adventurers and also to consider of the Imposition designed to be laid on, by the Hollander, on Woolen Manufactures ;and, upon the whole Matter, if they find it necessary, to bring in a Bill to supply the former Laws, and advance the Clothing Trade; viz. Sir James Smith, Mr. Knight, Sir ! Thompson, Sir Wm. Compton, Colonel Birch, ColonelS/nratf-urayes, Mr. Sollicitor-General, Sir Mr. Torke.

Sir Rich. Temple, Mr. Higgons, Sir John Duncombe, Sir John Coriton, Mr. Wefiphaling, Colonel Robinson, Sir Rich. Ford, Mr. Clifford, Sir John Frederick, Mr. George, Sir Courtney Poole, Mr. Coventry, Sir Swale, Mr. John Vaughan, Mr. Street, Sir The. Strickland, Sir Cha. bord, Mr. Trevor, Sir Edmund Peirfe, Mr. Strangwayes, Mr. Jolly, Colonel Windham, Mr.; or any Five

of them: And they are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber, Tomorrow in the Afternoon at Two of the Clock: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Charles Harbord reports, from the Committee of the Revenue, the Opinion of the Committee, That the House be moved to order, that all the Returns, touching the Chimney-Money, be brought into the Court of Wards Chamber: And that the Members of every County do resort thither, on some Afternoon, to be appointed by the House, when no Committee may fit; and there take out the Returns of their respective Counties *, and consider the feme; and make a Judgment of the Defects in those Returns *, and what each respective County may probably produce: And then to compare their several Observations, and make a Computation of the Whole, to be reported to the House, with their first Conveniency: Which Report he delivered in at the Clerk's Table: And the fame, being twice read, was, upon the Question, agreed to.

Ordered, Thic the Committee of the King's Revenue do fit in the House on Saturday next, in the Afternoon; and do proceed in the Matter touching the Chimney-Monies, according to the Report: And that no other Committee do then fit.

Ordered, That Mr. James have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

Ordered, That the House will, on Monday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed upon the Bill for the Militia.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Vimeris, 2 2° Mali, 150 Regis V lld5‘

Prayers.

f\Rdered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make Out a Writ, for Election of a Member for the Borough of Bridgnorth, in the stead of Mr. Bennet, lately deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Onslow, Mr. and Sir Edward Masters, have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

Ordered, That the COuntefs of Peterborough, arid Me-redlth Lloyd, her Lesseej and their AttornieS, Agents, and Sollicitorsj be injoined to stay all Proceedings at Law, upon an Action of Ejectment against Edward Pollard Gentleman, the Tenant to Sir Richard Onslow, and other Trustees of Henry Smith, deceased* for charitable Uses, touching the Manor of Southwick and Eastbrooke, and the Messuages and Lands thereunto belonging, in the County of Sussex, during the Session of this present Parliament

A Bill to enable the Lord Strangford to fell Lands, for the Payment of his Debts, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be.'committed to Sir Cha. Harbord, Mr. Wm. Mountague, Mr. Morice, Sir Rich. Oatley, Sr Tho. Allen, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Buller, Sir Edw. Masters, Sir John BrampftonMr. Street, Mr. Hoby, - Mr. Steward, Sir Cliff. Clifton, Sir Rich. Lloyd, Sir Phil. Warwick, Sir Hen. Wood, Sir John Mr. Attorney of the Duchy, Lord Mr.

Mr. Waller, Sir Rich. Braham, Sir Tho. T Colo- ,

nel Robinson, Sir Edw. Walpoole, Sir Bain. Throckmorton, Mr. Clifford, Sir Sol. Swale, Mr. Wren, Sir Rich. , Mr. Allan Apfley,'Mr. Daniel!, Mr. Trevor, Mr. Chichley,

Mr. Coventry, Mr. Kent, Mr. Oakley, Sir Rich.

lyn, Mr. Whitaker, Sir Rich. Mr. Graham, Mr.

Hatton, Mr. Finch, Sir Geo. Courtbop, Sir John Coriton, Mr. Edw. Mountague, Sir John Low, Mr. Mr.

Law. Hide, Sir Wm. Glafcocke, Mr. and all the

Members of this House that serve for the County of Kent t And they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in thp Speaker's Chamber *, and to summon and hear all Parties concerned: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill, touching the Arrears of the Excite, was this Day read the First time.

And some Debate arising thereupon;

Resolved, See. That Leave be given for the bringing in a new Bill, touching the Arrears of the Excite, upon the present Debates of the House this Morning.

Sir Charles Harbord did this Day deliver in a Report of the Sub-Committee, in Writing, touching Deane Fo-rest; and the Grant of Sir John Wintour *, by which he makes Claim to the Trees of the said Forest: Which Report was read and was as followeth; viz.

A Perufel was made of the Survey of 38, being the Foundation of Sir John Wintour' % Patent *, and in That Survey then was found, and returned, 61,928 Tons of Timber, and 105,557 other Trees.

Upon this Return he contracted with the late King, That in Consideration of in Hand, as a Fine, and 16,0001, per Annum, for Six Years, payable at Michaelmas, and the Annunciation, for the Wood and Timber, and 80001, lent, to be repaid *, and also a Fee-farm Rent of 1950/. izs. 8d.payable to the Crown for ever;

upon these Considerations Sir John Wintour had granted him in 39, net only all the Timber, and Wood, excepting 15000 Tons, reserved to the King; but also 18000 Acres of Soil, set out by his Majesty's Surveyor-General, and others, by Treaty, with some of the Country *, which might, as appears by some of the Surveys, be estimated 6 H at

at 5 s. per Acre (which amounts to 4500 /. per Annum ); Iron-works: Which said Wood and Timber, as appears

and also Power to execute the Forest-Laws, upon all Dif- by a Survey made 1662, amounts as 1'olloweth:

fenters, in their own Lands; and to receive to himself, his Heirs, and Assigns, all such Fines, arising by the Forest-Courts:

And had further Power to make Parishes, and erect Churches, and to endow them; and also grant Exemp-

The Number of Oaks The Number of Beaches In all — —

25929.

4204.

Trees.

3o233

Whereof in Cord-Wood 60786-f Long Cord.

And out of all these Trees, excepted for the Use of

tions from all publick Services of the Country, for his the Navy, only 11335 Tons, 30 Feet.

Tenants and Servants: He had also granted him 10000 Cord of Wood, which

And also. All Privileges and Royalties, as of the Royal lay blown down in the Lea Baily; which was never with-Fishing within the River of Severn, &c.: in his Grant at all; with Power to cut down all the

And also. All the Trees, growing on the4000 Acres Trees aforesaid in Six Years*, and to convert it into set out to the Country*, and those Handing on the Park of Coals, excepting the said 11335 Tons of Timber; and, Whitemead, containing near Three hundred Acres (the for what shall fall short, to allow 15*. per Ton: But his only thing the King reserved to himself, then, of the Soil): Lease is for Eleven Years.

All the Royal Right to all Royal Mines, and Treat And because there is no Care taken, that whensoever sure-trove; he makes any Falls, that he should clear that Place, to

The King reserving nothing to himself but the said preserve the young Shoots; for want whereof the Com-15000 Tons: And upon this Condition *, That what was missioners were of Opinion, that all the Saplings mult short of That Proportion, should be made good by Sir be destroyed this Eleven Years, be his Men never so care-John, at 9 s. per Ton; or the King to take more at that iul (which is directly against his Majesty's Intention to Rate, if he pleased. have it immediately made a Nursery for Timber and

But Sir John Wintour had absolute Power to cut down, Wood); This foie Consideration makes the Sub-Com-

and grub, all the Trees, Saplings, and Underwoods, and to convert the Soil to what Use he pleased, notwithstanding,

A Statute made 35® HenriciYIIP, intituled, An Act for Preservation of Wood;

Another 13° Eliz. intituled, No Timber shall be felled For making of Coals of Iron Works:

Another Statute 27° Eliz. intituled, No new Mill shall

mittee humbly of Opinion, That this Grant is not fit to be continued.

All the former Non-obftantes' continued in this Patent.

And upon Perusal of the Commission, and Return made the last Year, we find, that the Commissioners were pofi-tively of Opinion, and did advise his Majesty to reassume the Grant, and to take it into his own Hands; and do

be made in Sussex, Surrey, Kent, nor good Timber shall very particularly, in their Return, certify the yearly Probe consumed with making of Iron: fit will accrue to his Majesty; which, over-and-above all

Another Statute, i° Jac. intituled, The'Duty of Tan- Charges whatsoever, will amount unto,

ners, Curriers, and others, Cutting of Leather, and all Profits of Bean Forest, if in his Majesty's 0 , s' '

other Statutes and Proclamations whatsoever: Hands, clear above all Charges j b257 5 4

And also an Non obstante against any Grant made by And will continue so for ever, as the said Commifli-any of his Majesty's Predecessors, and against Two other oners affirm, inclosing 14000 Acres for a Nursery for Statutes, the one i° Henrici4", 180 Henrici 6‘‘. Wood and Timber: And

Upon Consideration of the Premises, the Committee Sub-Committee desire the said Certificate may be per-rhay please to observe, that by this Return of 38, far used by the Committee.

shortof thatof^1, which (it seems, is not to be found), Sir John and Ws Counsel were ca]led b to

46928 Tons of Timber, over and above the 15000 Tons,. the Bar of this House; Andj being heard> as to the Con-

reserved for the Navy (which certainly was useful for the.

Navy, and some for lefier Vessels), was granted to Sir

John Wintour.

Which 46928 Tons of Timber, at 13J.7 \d. per Ton, amounts to — — J

The Soil, being 18000 Acres, at 5 '

Acre, amounting to 4500 /. per , and he being but ter pay 1950/. 12 8

the Remainder is 2550/. per Annum-, which, - at Sixteen Years Putchafe, amounts to 40800l.: Which 18000 Acres are worth, as aforesaid, — —;

31285 6 8

40800 o o

There was found 150808 Cordsof Wood; C Q

which, at 10 s. per Cord, amounts to —

The Whole amounts to — — 147489 6 8

And he was to pay but — — 106000 o 0

Besides the Rent.

And the Committee may further please to observe,.

1. The unavoidable Destruction of Timber and Wood, by such a Grant; That being the most proper and apt Soil in the Kingdom, for the speedy Raising of Ship-Timber.

2. How dangerous a Consequence it may be of, that any Subject should enjoy Privileges of so vast an Extent, as were passed in this Patent; as the Power of inflicting the Penalty of Forest Laws upon atl Dissenters, for Trespasses committed upon their own Lands, &V.

3. Lastly, They represent the Illegality of this Patent; which confers all those ample Powers, notwithstanding several Statutes therein recited to the contrary.

: The Second Patent hath no Consideration, but a Surrender of the former: And grants to Sir John Wintour all the Wood and Timber growing on the 18000 Acres, excepting the Under-wood, and the Use of the King's Killigrew, and others.

sideration and Execution of his Grant, did withdraw.

And the House then took the Matter into Debate: And the Report, returned in from the Committee of the Revenue, being read;

The Question being put. That Mr. Pelt be called in;

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put. To agree with the Committee, in the Matter by them reported, touching Deane Forest *,

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

‘ Resolved, &c. That it be referred to the same Committee for his Majesty's Revenue, to examine and state Sir John Wintour' % Account, what is due to him, and whatRecompence is fit to be given him, and by what means it may be raised; and to make such Proposals for pre-femng the Timber, and providing Nurseries for Increase of Timber in the Forest of Deane, for the future, as they shall find necessary; and to certify how the 5000 /. per Annum may be raised, for a Revenue to his Majesty and to expedite their Report therein to the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Lewen

and Sir Thomas Eflcourt:

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have lent you a Bill, to enable the Bishop of Wimhefier to lease out the Tenements now built upon the Scite of his Mansion-House, in the Parish of St, Saviours in Southwarke in the County of Surrey; and the Two Parks and other Demesnes at Bishop' s-Walt ham, and other Lands in the County of Southhampton: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House: And

They have commanded us to acquaint you, That they have agreed to the Bill for naturalizing Charlotte Hejfen

Ordered,

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned till Four of the Clock this Afternoon.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Sabbati, 23 0 Maii, 150 Car. 11".

Prayers.

A Bill for the Repairing the Key of the Port of Wells in the County of Norfolke, was this Day read the Second time.

' Resolved,&c. That the said Bill be committed to Lord

Richardson, Mr. Jay, Sir Lane. Mr. Weflfaling,

Mr. Henley, Sir John Brampjion, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr.

Knollys, Sir Rich. Francklyn, Mr. Street, Colonel bam, Mr. Wren, Sir John Rouse, Sir Courtney Poole, Mr. Steward, Sir Ralph Hare, Mr. Cory, Mr. Gaudy, Colonel Robinson, Lord Fanshaw, Mr. Kent, Sir Doyle, Sir Hen. North, Mr. Torke, Mr. Pepis, Mr. Hatton, Mr. Sprye, Mr. Knight, Mr. Hyde, Mr. Morice, Mr. John Vaughan, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Edm. Peirfe, Sir Anth. Irby, Mr. Hen. Seymour, Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir John Newton, and all the Members of this House that serve for the Counties of Norfolke and Suffolke: And they are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber, on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill to retain his Majesty's Subjects in their Obedience, and to provide Remedies against the unlawful Meeting of Sectaries, Non-conformists, and Dissenters from the Church, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Attorney of the Duchy, Lord Bruce, Sir Hen. North, Colonel Phillips, Mr. Westphaling, Sir John Strode, Mr. John Vaughan, Mr. Waller, Lord Fanshaw, Lord son, Mr. Torke, Colonel Windham, Colonel Robinson, Colonel Strangwayes, Sir Job Charlton, Mr. Seymour, Sir

Cha. Harbord, Sir Rich. Braham, Mr. Gaudy, Mr. Knollys, Sir Cliff.Clifton, Sir Tho.Gower, Sir John Brampjion,

Colonel Williams, Colonel John Robinson, Mr. Hyde, Mr. Chowne, Mr. Clifford, Sir Robert Holt, Mr.

Lord St. John, Sir John Duncombe, Sir Edm.

Mr. Cory, Sir John Marlty, Mr. Strangwayes, Sir Edm, Peirfe, Mr. Hen. Coventry, Sir John Holland, Sir Hen. Newton, Sir Nich. Steward, Sir Wm. Sir

Rich. Onslow, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Phill. Musgrave, Mr. Steward, Sir John Covert, Sir Bain. Throckmorton, Sir Wm. Fleetwood, Mr. Higgons, Sir Swale, Colonel Fretch-will, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Thurland, Mr. Sir Edw.

JValpoole, Mr. Knight, Sir John Bitkinhead: And all the Members of this House, to whoin it yras formerly referred, to prepare and bring in the Bill, are appointed to be of the Committee: And allMembersthati shall come, are to have Voices thereat: And they are to meet on Monday at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Court of Wards r And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill to invert the Office of Post-Marter-Genera!, and the Office of Granting Wine-Licences, in his Royal High-iiefithe Duke of Torke, was this Day read the First time.'

Resolved,&c. That this Bill be read the Second time on Monday next.

Serjeant Charlton reports, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Town and County of Haverfordwest, between Sir William Un and - Mr. Isaac Lloyd, That the Committee were of Opinion, that the Burgesses and Inhabitants of fordwefi, and the Inhabitants which paid Scotland Lot, bad Voices in the Election: And that the Committee, upon Examination of the whole Matter, were of Opinion, That Mr. Lloyd was not duly elected: And that the Opinion of the Committee was. That Sir William Moretott was duly elected.

7

A Petition was tendered, subscribed By several Perlcnsj touching the Election for Haverfordwest.

The Question being put. That the Paper, under the Title of a Petition, be read,

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Paper being read;

And the Question being put, To agree with the Committee, That Sir William Mor was duly elected;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant, to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Writ, for Election of a Member for the Town and County of Haverfordwest.

The House then having, upon a Motion, entered into a Debate of the Vote of the House, touching Bedford Level,

Resolved, See. That the Matter of the Debate, upon the Vote of the House, touching Bedford Level, be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Committee, to which the Matter is committed, upon the Vote of the House, concerning Bedford Level, do fit on Monday next, in the Afternoons to the end they may agree the Matter in Difference, if they can.

Ordered, That the Report, ready to be made, upon the Bill against the Growth and Increase of Popery, be made on Wednesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Eight of the Clock.

Die Luna, 2 £ Maii, Regis Car. IP1'

Prayers.

T\Rdered, That Sir Robert Holt and Mr. Heath be added to the Committee, to which the Bill for confirming Two Decrees of the Exchequer, touching Duffeild Forest, was committed.

An ingrossed Bill for the Naturalizing of Wil-

loughby, and others, was this Day read.

Resolved* &c. That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be. An Act for the Naturalizing George Willoughby, and others.

And Colonel Kirkby is to carry up the Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

A Bill for Verting the Office of Post-Master-General, and the Office of Granting Wine-Licences, in his Royal Highness the Duke of Torke, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Treasurer, Mr. Attorney of the Duchy, Sir Roger Brad-Jhaigb, Mr. Hatton, Lord Comebury, Sir Tho. Gower, Sir John Neshton,'Mr. Geo. Clarke, Sir Hum. Bennet, Sir Hen.

North, Sir Edm. Pooley, Mr. Torke, Mr. Mr. Hen. Seymour, Mr. Chetwyn, Sir Tho.Dolman, Sir Poole,

Mr. John Vaughan, Colonel Legg, Sir John Norton, Sir John Covert, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir John Duncombe, Mr. Waller, Sir Phill. Warwick, Mr. Wren, Lord Richardson, Colonel Kirkby, Colonel Thurland, Sir Rich. Braham, Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir Wm. Fleetwood, Sir Tohn Tirrell, Mr. Hen. Coventry, Mr. Street, Sir Bain. Throckmorton, Mr. Prideaux, Sir chester Wray, Mr. Crouch, Sir Phil. Musgrave, Colonel Bishop, Colonel Fretchvill, Sir Cha. Berkley, Mr. Wm. Coventry, Sir" John Birkinbead, Sir Nich. Captain

Garway, Sir Allan Apjley, Sir Job Charlton, Mr. Tho. Coventry, Colonel Strangwayes, Mr. Steward, Mr.

Lord Brttce, Sir Geo. Sondis, Mr. Gaudy, Sir Sol. Swale,

Mr. Cooke, Mr. Jones, Mr. MilSir Rich. Ford, Sir Geo. Ryve, Colonel Windham, Colonel Sir Edm.

Peirfe, Sir Fra. Goodrick, Sir Tho. Strickland, Mr. Edw. Seymour, Sir Adrian Scroope, Mr. Jolly, Mr. Harbord,

Sir

Sir James Smith, Mr. Higgons, Sir Mr. Roger

Vaughan, Sir Hen. Newton, Mr. Newport, Colonel lawney, Sir Hum. Winch, Mr. Sir John Tal-

bot, Sir Cha. Huffey, Mr. Cory, Mr. Barnaby, Sir Wm. Tompson, Sir Wm. Tirringham, Sir Holland, Sir John

Stapeley: And all the Members of the House that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And they are to take into Consideration the present Debates of the House, this Day: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Committee, appointed to infoect, and take an Account of that Branch of the Revenue arising by Chimney-Money, do fit on next*, and,

upon the best Inquisition they can at the present make, to expedite their Report to the House.

Ordered, That the Committee, to which it was referred, to prepare and bring in a Bill touching the Admiralty, be revived *, and do fit this Afternoon, in the Place formerly appointed \ and do expedite the bringing in the 4aid Bill.

Ordered, That the Report of the Bill, for the better Observation of the Lord's Day, be heard Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Calling over of the House be adjourned till This-day-sevennight.

The House did then resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed upon the additional Bill for the Militia.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Milward took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker again took the Chair.

Mr. Milward reports, from the Committee, That the Committee had made a.further Progress in the said Bill *, and desired, that the House would again resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Wednesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, to resume the Debate upon the said Bill.

Resolved, See. That the House will resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Wednesday Morning next, at Ten of die Clock, to resume the Debate upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Stafford have the Leave of this House to go to the Spaw.

Ordered, That Mr. Walker, Sir Tho. Mr.

Oneale, and Sir John Roll, be added to the Committee, to which the Petition of the Clothiers of the County of Devon, and City of Exon, is committed.

Ordered, That Sir John Coriton, a Member of this House, have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for Mines Royal is re-committed, be revived: And they are to fit Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Place formerly appointed.

Resolved, Sec. That William White, and be lent for, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, or his Deputy *, for their Breach of the Privilege of this House, in making a forcible Entry into the House of Sir Wm. Smith, a Member of this House, at Steple Claydon in the County of Bucks.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Mart is, 26" Matt, 150 Car. IIdi Regis.

Prayers.

f~\Rdered, That Colonel Tynt have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

Ordered, That the Report of the Bill concerning Draining of Lindsey Level, be heard on Saturday next.

Ordered, That John Kejlle Esquire do, within Ten Days after Notice, attend the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to answer his Breach of Privilege, in entering upon, and detaining certain Salt, being the proper Goods of Colonel Thomas Robinson, a Member of this House; unless the said Mr. Kejlle shall, upon Notice of this Order, deliver the said Salt into the Possession of the said Mr. Robinson, or to such Person as he shall appoint to receive the same.

A Bill to Enable George Lord Bishop of Winchester to lease out the Tenements now built upon the Scite of his Mansion-House, in the Parish of St. Saviours in warke in the County of Surrey; and the Two Parks and other Demesnes at Bishop' s-Waltham, and other Lands, in

the County of Southampton , was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read the Second time, on Saturday Morning next.

Mr. Torke reports, from the Committee, to which the Bill for the better Observation of the Lord's Day was committed, several Amendments to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place *, and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: And the Amendments being twice read;

Ordered, That these Words, " or any Citation to be personally served," be added, after the Word, "Decree," in the Fourth Sheet, Line.

Ordered, That the Word " Execution" be transposed, and inserted after the Word " Decree," in the Line of the Folio.

Resolved, That the Amendments, with the Alterations above-mentioned, be agreed to.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Mr. Vaughan reports, from the Committee, to which the Petition, exhibited in the Name of the Clothiers of England, and several other Petitions from the Clothiers of several distinct Counties and Places, were referred. That the Committee, after many Meetings, and hearing the Parties concerned, and their Counsel, had proceeded to pass several Votes and Resolutions: Which he read, and did open the Reasons which induced the Committee to pass them: Which Votes and Resolutions, being in Writing, were delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

And the same were read the First time, and debated, and were as followeth; viz.

The Question being put. That by the Statutes of 39® and 430 Eliz. all Cloths brought to London (except such small Parcels as being contracted for in the Country, by Persons that have bought the same for their own private Use, and not to fell again), are iriimediately to be pitched and lodged at Blackwell-H London,

It palfed in the Negative.

The Question being put, That all Cloths, brought to London to be sold, are, by virtue of the Statutes of 390 and 430 Eliz.to be brought to Blackwell, London, to be searched}

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That it is a Grievance, that all Persons that bring Cloths, or other Woollen Manufactures, to London, be obliged immediately to bring and pitch the same at Blackwell-Hall, and Leaden-Hall, London, or either of them:

That

4

That it is a Grievance, that all Persons that bring Cloths, or other Woolen Manufactures, to Hall, and Leadenljo.ll, London, or either of them, to be

fold, be obliged to continue them there for Twenty Days; and be it Charge for such Continuance, before they be taken thence:

That all Clothiers, and other Proprietors of Woolen Manufactures, may fell their Cloths, or Woolen Manufactures, by such Factors and Agents as they shall think fit:

And that it is a Grievance to in join their Factors or Agents to enter into Recognizances, or Bonds, by any Act of the Common-Council of the City of London:

That the Increase of the Hallage, and other Charges, by the Act of the Common-Council of the City of London, of the Fourth of December 1661, beyond the ancient Hallage; and other Charges for Cloths, or other Woolen Manufactures, lodged at Blackwell-Hall, or London; is a Grievance:

That it is a Grievance, that all or any Person or Persons, that bring Norwich or Norfolke Stuffs, Stockens, and other Woolen Manufactures of Norwich or Norfolke aforesaid, to London, be obliged to bring, pitch, or fell the same at Blackwell-Hall, and Leadenball, London, or either of them, or at any other Place, by any Act of Common-Council, or other Order of the said City whatsoever:

That all Sort of Woolen Cloths, usually brought to Blackwell-Hall, and Leadenball, London, or either of them, to be exposed to Sale, before the late Act of the Common-Council of the City of London, of the Fourth of December 1661, be brought to Blackwell-Hall, and Leaden-hall aforesaid, or either of them, and there exposed to Sale; and not to be thence removed (unless there fold) for the Space of Seven successive Days, from the Time they were first brought thither; and the Hallage for the same to be no more than the ancient Rate formerly paid for Hallage, before the said Act of the Common-Council:

That the Western and Colchester Stuffs, brought to Blackwell-Hall, and Leadenball, or either of them, may; after the ancient Duty of Hallage paid, be taken thence by the Owners as fbon as they please, as was formerly tiled, without continuing the re the Space of Seven Days.

The Question being put, That Bewdley and Monmouth Caps, and other Woolen Caps, are a Woolen Manufacture, which ought to be brought, and pitched at Blackwell-Hall, and Leadenball, London, or either of them;

It passed in the Negative.

The Committee, upon Debate of the Right of the City of London, as to Foreign..... bought and sold, finding it to be a Point of great Concern, as well to the Clothiers of England as to the City of London, do not think fit to proceed to any Resolution therein: But do order. That Mr. Vaughan do report it to the House for their Direction therein.

Resolved, &c. That the further Debate of the Matter upon this Report be adjourned till Monday nest.

- Mr. Secretary Bennett did report, ind deliver in, from fas Majesty, a Message, in Writing: Which was read twice; and is as followeth: Viz.

TTIS Majesty, reflecting upon the Season of the Year, and the Necessity of the Members Return to their Countries, for the Security of them, as well as their own private Conveniencies, hath thought fit, by thfc Message, to let them know His Intentions, of permitting a Recess at or before Midsummer: And, though His Majesty well knows, the House hath before them Matters of the greatest Moment; yet, intending the y shall meet again. He defies this short Time they have now to fit were spent in

expediting those Bills which appear to be most important: Whereby His Majesty would not be understood to divert the Inspection into His Revenue; being most confident. He shall receive from thence an Advantage and Improvement proportionable to HisTruft in this House, and their known Affections to Him.

Sir Charles Harbord reports, from the Committee of his Majesty's Revenue, That the Knights of every Shire, or, in their Absence, the Burgesses of the Shire-Town in every County, do take and peruse all the Returns of the Chimney-Rolls in their respective Counties; and make their Report to the Committee, on Saturday next, whether they find any of the Towns or Parishes omitted; with their Judgment, in Writing, of the said Returns j and what each County may probably produce upon true Returns; that the same may be reported to the House.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee 5 and do Order, That the Knights of every Shire, or. In their Absence, the Burgesses of the Shire-Town in every County, do take and peruse all the Returns of the Chimney-Rolls in their respective Counties; and make their Report to the Committee, on Saturday next, whether they find any of the Towns or Parishes omitted; with their Judgment, in Writing, of the said Returns; and what each County may probably produce upon true Returns; that the same may be reported to the House.

Ordered, That the Matter of the King's Majesty's Revenue, the Bill for the Militia, the Bill against Conventicles, and the Bill against the Growth of Popery, shall have Preference of Dispatch before any other Business.

Ordered, That.. additional Bill touching the loyal indigent Officers be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Matter, Wardens, Freemen, and Commdnalty of the My fiery of Vintners of the City of London, be referred to the Committee to Much the Bill for veiling the Office of Postmaster-Ge-neral, and the Office of granting Wine-Licences, in his Royal Highness the Duke of Torke, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till To-ihorrow Morning, at Eight of the Clock.

Die Mercuriiy 270 Maii,

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for confirming the Conveyances.

made, or mentioned to be made, in puffuance of an Award made by the King's Majesty, for composing-the Differences between John Lord Marquis of and his eldest Son Charles Lord St. John, was read.

A Proviso was tendered on the Behalf of Mr. Daniel Wicberley; and rejected.

The Question being put, That the Bill do pals , . It was resolved in the Affirmative: And that she Title shall be; An Act for confirming the Conveyances made, or mentioned to be made, in pursuance of an Award made by the King's Majesty; lor composing the Differences between John Lord Marquis of and

his eldest Son Charles Lord St. John.

Ordered, That the Lord Bruce do cany up this Bill to' the Lords for their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr John Eyres; an Attorney; be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Anns attending this House, or his Deputy; for his Breach of Privilege, 'in signing a Judgment in ari Action of Account; and a Default in an Action of the Cafe, about the Two-and-twen-tieth of this present May, at the Suit of one Cony, against Sir John Shaw, a Member of this House.

- 61 * -

Journals of the House of Commons. ' I

Sir George Dotvneingreports, from the Committee to

which the Bill for Advancement of Trade was committed, k veral Amendments to be made to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place , and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: And.. were read the First time.

The several Amendments, precedent unto the Amendment to the Thirteenth Line of the Seventh Folio, were read the Second time; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

The Amendment to the Thirteenth Line of the Seventh Folio, being to omit the Words " out of Ireland" was read the Second time.

The Question being put. To agree with the Committee in this Amendment,

The House was divided.

The Noes went out.

Sir Tho. Meeres, j Tellers for the Yeas: ? R

Sir Gw. Downing, ‘ With the Yeas, J 12

Sir Allen Apjley, i Tellers for the Noes: 1 ,

Sir John Duncombe, ‘ With the Noes, 2

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The next Amendment to the Fourteenth Line of the Seventh Folio, being to leave out the Word " June" and insert the Word " July" was read the Second time; and debated:

Resolved, -&c. That the Question debated, for agreeing with the Committee in the said Amendment, be divided as to the Consideration of distinct Times for the Bringing in of Irish Cattle, and the Bringing in of Scotch Cattle.

Resolved, &c. That the Time for Importing of Cattle, of the Breed of Ireland, shall be till the First of July.

Resolved, &c. That the Time for Importing of Cattle, of the Breed of Scotland, shall be rill the Twenty-fourth of August.

Resolved, &c. That it be referred to Sir Geo.

ing, Mr. Clifford, Sir Edw. Walp, Colonel,

Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Edm. Pooley, Doyley, or any

Three of them, so prepare and bring in a Clause to be added to the said Bill, upon these Votes.

Resolved, &c. That the further Debate upon the Report of the fad Bill and Amendments be adjourned rill Saturday next.

Ordered, That Mr. Bu.lteele be added to the Committee to which the Lord Strangford's Bill is committed.

Ordered, That Colonel Whitley and Mr. Culleford have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

And then the House adjourned till Saturday Morning next, Eight of the Clock.

Die Sabbali, 30 ° Maii, 4\

Prayers.

Rdered, That the Thanks of this House be returned V to Mr. Dean Creyton, for the Sermon by him preached Yesterday before $his House: And Sir John Birkinbead and Chionel Windham are to return him the Thanks of the House.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to the Committee, to which the Bill to confirm a Sale'of Lands made by Sir Robert Howard is committed;

Lord Bruce, Sir George Ryve, Mr. Clifford, Mr.

Sir Tho. Gowre, Mr. Henry CSir Anthony Cope.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to the Committee, to which the Bill for making navigable of the Rivers of Mersey and We ever was committed i viz. Sir Christopher Musgrave, Colonel Robinson, Mr. West-pbaling, Colonel Windham, Sir Ed. Moseley.

Ordered That these Members following be added to

the Committee, to which the Petition of Jacob Momma, &c. touching the Brals Manufacture, was committed *, Lord Ancram, Mr. Price, Mr. Cornewall, Sir Rich. rard, Mr. Barnaby, Sir Roger Bradfiaigb.

Sir Thomas Littletoh reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for keeping and holding the great Sessions, and of the General Quarter-Sessions of the Peace for the County of Carnarvon, in the said County, for ever, wa3

committed, several Amendments to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence; and delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Which Amendments were twice read and, upon the Qupftion, severally agreed to.

Resolved, &c. That the fad Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingossed.

Mr. Steward reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for the repairing the Key of Wells in the County of Norfolk was committed, several Amendments to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence , and delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Which Amendments were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingossed.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Oately and Mr. Whorwoci have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

A Bill to enable George Lord Bishop of Winchester to lease out the Tenements now built upon the Site of his Mansion-House, in the Parish of St. Saviour' % in Southwarke, in the County of Surry; and the Two Parks, and other Demefhes, at Bishops-Waltham *, and other Lands in the County of Southampton , was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Thwrland, Sir Rich. Onslow, Sir Nicholas Steward, Sir Tho. Tompkins, Mr. John Vaughan, Mr. Coventry, Mr; Q*llins, Lord Brace, Mr. Wren Sir John Norton, Sir Edmund Peirfe, Sir Bain. Throckmo Lord Richardson,

Mr. Kent, Mr. Daniell, Sir Francis Vincent, Colonel

Strangewayes, Colonel Bisjhop, Sir Duncombe, Mr; Hide, Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. Bultede, Colonel Robert Phillips, Colonel Windham, Sir Edmund Bowyer, Sir Tho. Dolehtan, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Trevor, Lord Cornebtiry, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Francis Goodricke, Sir Allen Apjley , Serjeant Maynard, Mr. Knight, Sir Edward Littleton, Mr; Steward, Sir Tho.Allen, Mr. Mr.

Dr. Burwell, Sir Henry North, Mr. Culleford, Mr. Goddard, Mr. Streete. Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. Clifford, Mr; Gilby, Sir John Brampfton, Mr. Torke, Sir Roger Jhaigb, Mr. Dennis, Sir Rich. Oately, Mr. Finch, Mr. Milward, and all the Members of this House that serve for the Counties of Southampton and Surrey: And they are to meet on Tuesday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Thomas Meres reports, from the- Committee to which was appointed to inspect the Act for the Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom, That the Committee had perused the Act; and, finding the same defective in feme Particulars, had agreed an additional Bill for explaining and supplying the Act for Relief of the Poor: Which he delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Bill, for explaining and supplying the Act for Relief Of the Poor of this Kingdom, be read on Monday Morning next.

Sir George Downing reports, from the Committee to which it was referred. to prepare and bring m a Clause upon the Votes of the House passed, on Wednesday last, upon Debate of the Amendment to the Fourteenth Line Of the Seventh Folio of the Bill, for Advance of Trade; the one, for limiting the Time for Liberty of impor ting Cattle of the Breed of Ireland to the First of July; and the other, for limiting the Time for Liberty of importing Cattle of the Breed of Scotland to the Twenty -fourth

of

; 3;

of August \ That the Committee had accordingly pre-

ared a Clause: Which he read, with the Coherence, in is Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Which, being twice read, was, upon the Quc-ltion, agreed to.

The House then proceeded to read the rest of the Amendments brought in to the Bill for the Advance of Trade.

And the Amendment to the Seventh Line of the Ninth Folio was read the Second time; and, on the Question, agreed to.

The Amendments to the Fifteenth Line of the Seventh Folio was read the Second time; and was as followeth \ viz.

Some Debate arising upon this Amendment;

Resolved, &cc. That it be re-committed to the former Committee, upon the present Debates of the House, touching the Manner of ..... People, and Conviction of Offenders; and for making the Bill temporary, as to the Clause in Debate concerning Cattle and Sheep: And the Committee are also impowered to bring in a Clause, for Supply of Foreign Plantations with Horses and Coals: And the Committee have hereby Leave given them, to consider of an Imposition to be laid on Foreign Fish, or of a Prohibition against buying such Fish ;. and to bring in a Clause in this Bill, if they have Time j or else to prepare a new Bill, as they shall find necessary, for the Purpose before-mentioned: And the said Committee are to consider of the Time of the Year after which the Imposition shall be laid upon Sheep; and to consider of the Time when this Act shall begin to take place, as to the Imposition both upon great Cattle and Sheep.

A Bill for preventing the Selling of live fat Cattle by Butchers was read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time on Monday next.

The House did then resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed upon the additional Bill for the better ordering the Forces in the several Counties of this Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Milward took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker again took the Chair.

Mr. Milward reports, from the Committee, That the Committee had made feme further Progress in the said Bill; and desired, that the House would again resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on day next, at Ten of the Clock, to resume the Debath upon the said Bill.

Resolved, &c. That the House will, on Morning at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to resume the Debate upon the said Bill.

The House being informed, That the Persons, who were ordered to be taken into Custody, for making a forcible Entry into the House of Sir Wm. Smiths a Member of this House, in Breach of the Privilege of this House, did keep the Door of the said House locked up against the Deputy of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, that he could not execute the Order of this, House upon the said Parties;

Ordered, That the Debate thereof be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Meeres make his Report of the Bill concerning the Excise on Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Milward, Sir Francis Goodrick, and all the Members of this House that are of the Long Robe, be added to the Committee to whom the Lord ford' % Bill is committed.

Ordered, That Colonel Bifsh have the Leave of the House to go into the Country.

Ordered, That no Committee do fit this Afternoon, but the Committee for the King's Majesty's Revenue, for inspecting the Returns of Chimney-Money.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Eight of the Clock.

Die Dunce, i° Junii, 150 Car. IIdi

Prayers.

QRdered, That Mr. Bockland, Mr. Devereux, and Mr.

Croke, have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

A Bill for the Improvement of and the Park, called the Broyle-Parke, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time on Wednesday next.

Ordered, That the additional Bill for supplying the Act concerning the indigent loyal Officers be read Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for Naturalizing of Dame Elizabeth Jacob, and others, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Seymour reports,' from the Committee appointed to inspect the Two Branches of his Majesty's Revenue, arising by the Post-Office, and Granting of Wine-Licences, That the Committee, upon Consideration of the Claim of those that had Patents for felling Wine by Rc-tale, had palfed the Resolves following: Viz.

That the Patentees had an equitable Right before the Palling the late Act of Parliament:

That there is no way to relieve the Patentees, but by an Act of Parliament:

That Leave of the House be desired, that an Act be brought in for that Purpose.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, in the Matter by them reported concerning the Patentees.

Ordered, That it be referred to the same Committee, to prepare and bring in a Bill for Relief of the Patentees, according to the Report and Vote of this House for agreeing the rein.

Resolved, &c. That a Committee be appointed to in-spedl the Act against the Transporting of Wool, >, and also the Act against Transporting of Leather; and to consider, whether the same be defective, and wherein *, and to propose Expedients, or bring in additional Bills, to supply the Defects in the said several Acts, and make the same effectual for the Purpose intended Mr.

Mountague, Sir Nich. Crispe, Sir John Birkinhead, Mr. Knight, Colonel Robert Phillips, Mr. Jones, Mr.

Sir John Low, Sir Hen. Capell, Sir John Lord

Ancram, Sir Rich. Ford, Sir Downing, Mr. Mil-ward, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Sol. Swale, Mr. Cnlleford, Sir John Frederick, Sir Wm. Tompson, Mr.

Dowdfwell, Sir John Shaw, Sir Throckmorton, Sir Courtney Poole, Lord Fanshaw, and such Members of this House as serve for the Cinqlie-Ports, or any other Port-Towns, or any Five of them :, And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in' the Speaker's Chamber: And to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Serjeant Charlton reports, from the Committee to which the BUI for the better regulating Vestries was re-committed, by Order of the Eighteenth of May last, upon the Debates of the House, aiiling upon the Amendment formerly reported from the Committee, to the Seventh Line

of

of the First Folio of the Bill, That the Committee had agreed upon an additional Amendment: Which he read, with the Coherence; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Which additional Amendment was twice read; and agreed to.

The red of the Amendments, formerly reported from the Committee, were read the Second time -, and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

An ingross'ed Bill for the better Observation of the Lord's Day was this Day read.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill do pals: And that the Title shall be, An Act for the better Observation of the Lord's Day: And Sir Henry North is to carry up this Bill to the Lords, for their Concurrence.

Rejohed, &c. That the Report of the Bill against Buying and Selling of Offices be heard Tomorrow Morning at Nine of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Calling over of the House be adjourned till the Monday after Whit fun Week.

Ordered, That the Committee, appointed to inspect and take an Account of the King's Majesty's Revenue, arising by Chimney-Money, do return their Report Tomorrow Morning.

The House then resumed the Debate of the Matter upon the Report of the Committee, to which the Petitions of the Clothiers of England was referred.

And the Report was again read over.

The First Vote passed at the Committee was read the Second time.

Several Clauses in the Statutes of 39° and 430 Eliz. were read.

A Proclamation, touching the bringing Woolen Manufactures to Blackwell-Hall, dated the Sixteenth of April, in the Fourteenth Year of King Charles the First, was read.

The Question being put, That a Day be appointed to hear Counsel for the City of London, at the Bar of this House, as to the Point of Law upon the First Vote passed at, and reported from the Committee;

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put. That the main Question, For agreeing with the Committee in the First Vote by them pasted, and reported, be now put

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put. To agree with the Committee in the First Vote by them pasted;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the further Debate of the Matter upon the Report be adjourned till Friday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

The House adjourns itself till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of Clock.

Die Martts, 2° Junit, 150 Regis Car. IIa‘.

Prayers.

flRdered, That Mr. John Steward, and Mr. Goddard, v have die Leave of this House to go into the Country.

Ordered, That John Gibbons be lent for in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, or his Deputy, for his Breach of Privilege, in arresting, and proceeding at Law against Nicholas Sampson, a Servant of Sir Courtney Poole, concerning certain Tythes to which Sir Courtney Poole makes Tide, and did employ the said Nicholas Sampson to collect.

An ingross'ed Bill for the repairing and better preserving the Key of the Port of in the County of Norfolke was read.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be. An Act for the better repairing and better preserving the Key of the Port of Wells in the County of Norfolke: And the Lord Richardson is to carry up the Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Serjeant Maynard have the Leave of this House to attend, and be of Counsel with Colonel Samuel Sandys, a Member of this House, before the Lords.

Sir George Downing reports from the Committee to whom it was re-committed, by Order of the Thirtieth of May last, upon the Debates of the House, touching the Particulars therein mentioned, to bring in additional Clauses to the Bill, That the Committee had met-, and, according to the Power and Direction given them, had agreed several Clauses to be added to the Bill: Which he read in his Place and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table. And the said Clauses and Additions, being twice read, were, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

A Debate did arise upon the Clause in the Bill, touching the Exporting of Oats, when they were under Twenty Shillings per Quarter.

The Question being put. That the Rate of Twenty Shillings per Quarter for Oats do Hand in the Bill;

It pasted in the Negative.

The Question being put. That it shall be lawful to transport Oats, when they are at Sixteen Shillings per Quarter;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Sir Sol. Swale, f Tellers for the Yeas

Colonel Strangwayes, \ With the Yeas, 3 93-

Sir Lane. Lake, f Tellers for the Noes :7 ,

Mr. Scudamore, (, With the Noes, 3

And so it passed in the Negative.

The Question being put. That it shall be lawful to transport Oats, when they are at a Mark per Quarter j The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Sir Sol. Swale, f Tellers for the Yeas :*)

Colonel Strangwayes,£ With the Yeas, 3 117‘

Sir Lane. Lake,f Tellers for the Noes: 7

Colonel Reames, \ With the Noes, 3

And it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, See. That the Words " One Mark" be inserted, instead of " Twenty Shillings," in the several Places of the Bill where it is proper.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Sir Charles Harbord reports, from the Committee of the Revenue, the Opinion of the Committee, That all the Chimney-Rolls be brought back, by the respective Members this Morning into the Exchequer-Office, to be there examined, and cast up, and an Account of the Totals given to the Committee Tomorrow, that they may perfect the Report thereof to the House.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee concerning the Chimney-Money be made Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Hujfey reports, from the Committee to which the Bill to discover, punish, and prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Buying and Selling of Offices, was committed, several Amendments to be made to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Which Amendments were read the First and Second time; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

The Committee having left several Blanks in the Bill; viz. a Blank for Commissioners to execute the Powers of the Act; Two Blanks touching Penalties to be infected;

and

15; Car* II. Journals the

and i Blank for Allowances For Officers, to the Confederation of the House.

The House took the Matter upon the First of the Blanks in the Bill, touching Commissioners to be appointed to execute the Powers of the Act, into Debate.

The Question being put, That the Commissioners shall be named by the King's Majesty;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Refolded, &c. That the Bill be re-committed to the former Committee; to peruse the same; and to alter it Co, as it may be left to the King's Majesty to appoint Commissioners, to execute the Powers of the Act: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till To-mofrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Mercurii, 30 Junii, 150 Regis IIdi

Prayers.

/jRdered, That all the Members bf this House that serve

for the several Counties of,

and Lincolne, be added to the Committed appointed to inspect the Act for regulating Corporations: And all the Members of this House, that shall come, ate to have Voices.

A Petition of the Wool-Combers and Yapi-Makers, in the County of Suffolke, was read.

Resolved, &c. That the said Petition be referred to a Committee; to take the same into Confederation; as also, the Act for regulating the Making of Stuffs, within the Counties of Norfolke, and City of Norwich; and tb examine the Matter of Fast; and report their Opinions therein to the House viz. Sir Hen. North, Sir Mr. Clifford, Colonel Robinson, Sir 2 "¥Sir John

tbam, Mr. Cory, Colonel Birch, Sir Sol. , Sir Hum-

Winch Sir John Frederick* Lord Mr. John

Vaughan, Mr. Gaudy, Mr. York, Sir ¥ho. *Sir Geo. Nyve, Sir John Duncombe, Sir fVm. ¥hompfon, Sir Cliff,. Clifton, Sir Jolon Rouse, and all the Members of this House that serve for the CoUntieS of Norfolke and Suffolke: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in die Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber; and to cause, a Copy of the Petition to be lent to the City of Norwich i and to hear the Parties concerned.! And to lend for Persons, Papers, and RetordS.

A Petition of the Parishioners of Hdnfiop in the County of Bucks was read.

Ordered, That, when the House doth next resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed on the Bill for Increase of the Maintenance of Ministers in Corporations, they will then take the Matter of this Petition into Confederation.

Ordered, That the Debate of the Mattel, Upon the Vote of the House, touching the Great Level of the Fens* called Bedford Level, be adjourned till the Second Day of the Meeting of the House, after Whitsuntide.

Mn Heath, Attorney of the Duchy, reports* from the Committee, to which the Bill for preventing and suppressing the Meetings of Seftaries, Nonconformists, and Dissenters from the Church, was committed, several Amendments to the said Bill: Which he read, with die Coherence* in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table i And the Amendments were once read.

And the several Amendments, precedent to the Amendments to the Second Line of the Tenth Folio, were read the Second timet And, upon the Question, severally Agreed to.

The Amendment to the Second Line of the Tenth Fo-

Hotile of Commons. 4S>7

liowas read the Second time; and, on the Question, postponed.

The Amendments following, to the Ninth Line of the Tenth Folio, was read the Second time; and, on the Question, agreed to.

The Amendment to the Eleventh Line of the Third Folio was read the Second time; and postponed.

The following Amendments, precedent to the Amendment to the Thirteenth Line of the Twelfth Folio, ware read the Second time; and, on the Question, agreed to.

That Amendment was read the Second time; and postponed;

The subsequent Amendments were read the Second time; and* upon the Question, severally agreed to.

The House, taking into Debate the Matter of the Clauses, touching the abjuring the Realm, and the Incapacity of Persons to execute Offices; upon the Amendments postponed,

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be re-committed to the former Committee, upon the Clause, of abjuring the Realm* and making it Felony, in case of Refusal; to bring in a Clause, for transporting, instead thereof; and also to consider of the Clause touching the Incapacity of Persons tb execute Offices; and provide, that the Refufers of the Tests be not excused from such Offices and Employments as shall be of no Advantage to them, and may not hazard the publick Safety; and to set Penalties on the Refufers: And the Committee are revived; and to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Place formerly appointed.

A Message from the Lords* by Sir John Eytorti Usher of the Black-Rod;

Mr; Speaker, I am commanded, by the House of Peers* to acquaint this House, That his Majesty hath appointed Commissioners to pass such Bills as are ready: And the House of Peers desire this House to be present at the Palling of them.

Mr. Speaker, and the Members of this House, did, accordingly, go up to the House of Peers.

Ordered, That the additional Bill for the Poor be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill concerning the Marshal's Court be read Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning* Eight of the Clock.

Die Jovis,40 Junii, 150 Regis, Car. II4i.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed foil for keeping and holding the Courti bf Great Sessions* and of the General Quarter-Sessions of the Peace for the County of , at the

Town of Carnarvon in the said County, for evet, was read ..

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill do' pass: And that the Title shall be. An Act for keeping and holding the Courts of the Great Sessions, and of the General Quarter-SessionS of the Peace for the Cotinty of Carnarvon^ ar the Town of Carnarvon in the said County, for eVer.

Ordered, That Mr. Griffith do carry up the Bill tb the Lords.

Ordered, That Leave be giveh to bring in an Enabling Clause, to be added to the Bill for Advancement of Trade* for regulating the Fishing-Trade *, and limiting a seasonable Time for Shipping to set forth for Fishing; that the Spawn of Fish may be preserved, and Fish taken when it is full ih Sealbn;. aha also to provide, that a sworn Packer of Frfh may be appointed in and other

Fishing Towns; and to let Penalties for Offences to be committed contrary to the Act.

6 K An

49 s

Journals of the House of Commons. A. 1663.

An ingruffd Bill, Tent from the Lords, for the Improvement of the Forest of , and the Broyle

Lark, was read the Second time.

The Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill touching the Marshalsea be read the First Day of the Meeting of the House, after Whit-

fur, tide.

Ordered, That the Bill for the Reforming and Preventing of sundry Abuses and Deceits in the Making of Serges, Perpetuanoes, and other Stuffs, in the City and County of Exon, and County of , be read the first Day of the Meeting of the House, after Whitsuntide.

Ordered, That-the additional Bill for Explanation and Supply of the Act, touching the indigent loyal Offi-

Cujioms. The Customs letten to Farm, for Five Years, from Michaelmas 1662,") at 390000 /. per Annum; the King paying the Patent-Fees to the Offi- > cers, and making such Defalcations as are agreed by the Grant — J CromnLands The Revenue, in Lands and Rents, in Charge in the Exchequer, and") w.d Rents. Duchies of Lancaster and Cornewincluding the Queen's Jointure,/ being well managed, may be computed at, per , — — f

Besides Forests, Parks, and Chaces, un-improved — — j

Dean Ferefi. Deane Forest, Sir John Wintour being satisfied, and 14000 Acres inclosed1)

and improved, may raise a constant Revenue of, per Annum — — J Exc'ft- Excise of Beer, Ale, tffic. now worth — — —

Stives 1 Hearths and Stoves, as now certified — < — —

First Fruits. First Fruits, and Tenths, communibus annis ——

Fin. The Coinage and Pre-emption of Tin, now valued at, per Annum —

Pof!-Office. The Past-Office, in Lease for about Four Years to come, at, per Annum Wine-LictncesWine-Licences, as now settled, may raise a Revenue of — ? —

Alienation- Alienation-Office produceth, emmunibus , a Revenue of 3600l.' Office. whereof 1546/. 12 s.is paid into, and accounted for, by the Hana-]

per*, and f° remains de claro, per Annum — — -

cers, be read the First Day of the Meeting of the House, after Whitsuntide.

An additional Bill for the better Regulating die Duty of Excise was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time on To-morrow-sevennight.

Sir Charles Harbord reports, from the Committee, appointed to inspect the several Branches of his Majesty's Revenue, That the Committee had carefully inspected and examined the several Branches of the Revenue; and had commanded him to return a Report of the present Values of the several Branches of the Revenue: Which he opened in his Place; and after, delivered in his Report, in Writing, at the Clerk's Table: Which was as followeth;

Present yearly Values. Future full Values.

I.

39OOOO

S.

OO

d.

OO

IOOOO 00 00

274950 170603 18800 12000 21500 20000

OO

12

OO

OO

OO

OO

OO

OO

OO

OO

OO

00

2053 08 OO

IOO9907 OO OO

Seal of the The Profits of the Seals of the King's Bench, and Common-Pleas, ini King's Bench Lease, at the Rent of 1653/. 14a. paid into the Hanaper, yearly if "^'Common- are estimated to be worth, emmunibus , above the said Rent, f

1500l. - — J

Six-penj The Profits of the Six-peny Writs, in Chancery, in Lease, at 1000 /. per \ Writs. Annum, and paid into the Hanaper yearly; but estimated to be worth,

emmunibus annis, above the said Rent, and Charges of Execution, 375/. Hanaper- Hanaper-Office receives 1546 /. 12 j. out of the Alienation-Office, andl Office. 1653 /. 14 s.for the Farm of the Seals of the King's-Bench, and j

Common Pleas, and joooo /. per Annum for the Farm of the Six- I penny Writs in Chancery; and all other Profits of the Great Seal, f there paid; computed to be, communibus , 1500 /. but all is now I

1653 14 00

idpo 00 00

(pent In this Office, ut per comput. inde Post Fines, in Lease, at the Rent of — —

lffiucsofjunrs Issues of Jurors, in Lease, at the Rent of — —

Green Wax. Green Wax, in Lease, at the Rent of —

Greeq Way of the Duchy of Lancaster — —

Aulnage, in Lease, at the Rent of — — —

Newcastle Coals, at 12 d.per Chaldron, for the Inland Vent only,

Lease, at ——

Ballad: of Ships, estimated to be worth, communibus annis — CJaimed and enj9yed by the Trinity House,'without any Rent

Tofi Fines.

Aulnage. Coals.

Ballafi.

in

2275 06 00 1000 00 00

577 -°5 05.

997 01 11

1836 12 06

9339 '9 iQ

tt r 11 11

Faculties. Faculties included in the Hanaper — - . — . w

White Cloth. Licence of Exportation of White Cloth, in Lease, at the Rent of — Wines. Prizage and Butierage of Wines, in Lease, at '* — — r ‘

Traitors Traitors Estates, besides those that were granted to the Heirs, and the J Estates. Impropriations given to the Church, estimated at 80001, per Annum,!

whereupon there is above 270001. Debt, and many Incumbrancesf" and Jointures; and lb computed to be worth, de -t-

Recusants. Recularvts Estates, as they were before the Troubles r-r- — r-7

There are now no Convictions — - — — wvj

499 qp po 100 00 00 50P bo 00

5000 06 00

6opo 00 00

Total 1025246 19 00

I.

400000

s.

d.

00 00

IOOOO 00 00

5000 00 00

274950

170603

18800

12000

26000

20000

OO

12

OO

OO

OO

OO

OO

OO

OO

OO

of

00

3600 00 00

io3°953 12 00

3153 14 00

1375 00 of

1500 OO 09

3000 90 OO 1660 OO OO 1068 OO OO 200 OO OO 3000 OO OO

8000 OO 09 IOOOO OO OO

23956 14 09

400 OO 09 800 OO OO 2000 OO OO

5000 00 00 18600 OO 09

26800 OO 09

1081710 06 09 And

19 Car. II. Journals of the House of Commons. 499

And, the Report being once read;

The several Heads concerning the Revenue arising by Customs, Crown-Lands, and the Improvement of the Forest of Deane, were read the Second time: The lame, having been formerly reported, and agreed to, were again agreed.

The next Head reported, concerning That Branch of the Revenue arising by Excise of Beer and Ale, which the Committee have returned, by their Report, at 274950 /. Value per Annum, was read the Second time.

Rejslved.,&c. That this House doth agree in Opinion with the Report of the Committee, as to That Branch of the Revenue arising by Excise.

The next Head reported, concerning That Branch of the Revenue arising by Chimney-Money, was read the Second time; and debated.

The Question being put. That the present yearly Value of That Branch of the Revenue arising by Hearths and Steves, as certified upon the Roll, and reported from the Committee, is 170603/.;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put. That the present Concurrence of this House with the Committee, to the Report by them returned, concerning the King's Revenue, shall not be conclusive to the Improvement of any Branch of his Majesty's Revenue for the future;

It was relblved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, &c. That the further Confederation of the rest of the Particulars reported be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Vi meris, 50 Junii, 150 Regis . IIdi.

Prayers.

A Bill to prevent the further Erecting and Increase of new Buildings in and about the Cities of London and Westminster was read the First time.

Refoked, See. That this Bill be read the Second time

on This-day-sevennight.

A Bill for preventing the Selling of live fat Cattle, by Butchers, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Sir Edm. Pooley, Sir Robert Atkyn Sir Hen. Worjley, Mr. Knight, Lord Cajlleton, Sir John Colonel Gilby,

Sir John Covert, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Attorney of the Duchy, Mr. Buller, Mr. Gaudy, Sir Bain. ‘Throckmorton, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Westpbaling, Sir John Duncombe, Sir

Rich. Lloyd, Lord Ancram, Mr. Sir hull. Sir Phil. Warwick, Sir Hen. North, Sir Wm. Tir-ringham, Mr. Kent, Sir John Roufi, Mr. Clifford, Colonel Kirkby, Sir John Denham, Mr. Culleford, Mr. John Vaughan, Mr. Wandesford, Sir Cha. Huffey, Sir Tho. Peyton, Mr. Wm.Sandis, Mr. Moore, Sir John Holland, Sir

Rich. Temple, Sir Geo. Downing, Sir Gower: And

they are to meet on This-day-sevennight at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Street reports, from the Committee, appointed to inspect the Act for importing Madder pure and unmixed. That the Committee had carefully perused and examined the Act; and, upon hearing the Dyers, and other Persons /killed and concerned in the Art of Dying, did find the Act very destructive to the Trade of Dying; and of much Damage to the Publick: And that the Committee were of Opinion, That the same ought to be repealed: And did therefore desire the Leave of the House for an Enabling Clause to be brought in, to be added to the Bill for Advance of Trade, to repeal the said Act touching Madder.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree in Opinion with the Committee; and do order, That Leave be given for bringing in an Enabling Clause, to be added to the

Bill for Advance of Trade, to repeal the Act concerning the Importing of Madder.

Ordered, That the Proviso directed to be brought into the Bill, to prevent the Growth of Popery, be prepared and brought in on This-day-sevennight: And the Clerk of the House is to give Notice hereof to Mr. Serjeant Maynard, that he may prepare and bring it in accordingly.

Ordered, That this House will, on To-morrow-seven-night, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the Bill for the Increase of the Maintenance of Ministers, in Cities, Towns-Corporate, and Market-Towns.

Ordered, That the Bill for the better Ordering and Collecting the Duty of Excise be read the First Day of the Meeting of this House, after being the

Day appointed for reading the other Bill, concerning the Excise, the Second time.

Ordered, That the Report of the Bill, concerning Lynd-fey Level be heard on Monday-kvzmxgnx.

The House taking notice. That several Votes and Proceedings of the House were, without Leave or Order* printed and published in the common News-Books;

Ordered, That none of the Votes, Orders, or Proceedings of this House, be put in Print, or published, without the elpecial Order, and Leave of this House.

Ordered, That Leave be given for the bringing in a Bill for the better regulating the Coal-Trade.

The House did then resume the Consideration of the remaining Heads of the Report, returned from the Committee of the King's Revenue.

And the said several Heads, being read the Second time* were, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

The Computations made by the Committee, at the Foot of the Report of the several Particulars of the Two Columns of the Report, was twice read.

Resolved, See. That this House doth agree with the Committee, in the Computations, by them made, of the particular Sums, in the Two Columns of the Report.

Resolved, Sec. That this House will, on Friday next, at Ten of the Clock, take into Consideration the Improvement of his Majesty's Revenue upon this Report.

The House adjourns itself till Friday next. Nine Clock in the Morning.

Veneris, l 2° dieJunii, 15°

Prayers.

SXRdered That Leave be given for the bringing in a Bill for the settling a charitable Use for erecting a Workhouse in the County of Devon.

Mr. Secretary Bennett did acquaint the House, from the King's Majesty, That it was his Majesty's Pk-afure, that the House should attend his Majesty in the Banqueting-House, this Morning at Ten of the Clock.

A Bill for the Naturalization of Dame Elizabeth and others, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill be committed to the Committee, to which the former Bill for Naturalization of George Willoughby, and others, was formerly committed: And the said Committee are for that Purpose revived: And they are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Children of Sir Thomas Orby, and Sir Thomas Bond, and Tarteran, and Mrs. Ann Lloyd, 3 v Daughter

'Daughter of Sir Richard Lloydbe inserted into the Bill oi Naturalization.

An additional Bill for the Explanation and Supply of an Act for distributing Sixty thousand Pounds, and assessing Offices for the Use of the indigent loyal Officers, was read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for explaining and supplying one other Act, for the better Relief of the Poof of this Kingdom, was r< ad the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read again the Second time on Monday next.

Ordered, That the Committee, t6 which the Bill to confirm a Sale of Lind, made by Sir Robert , is

committed, be revived , a fid do meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Place formerly appointed.

Ordered, That the Committee, to which the Bill to make void iff wo Letters Patents, granted to Walter Fowler and Sir Garrett Kempe, by his Majesty, is committed, be revived , and do meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Place formerly appointed.

Ordered, That all Committees, which are discontinued, be revived; and do meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, at the Places appointed.

Mr. Speaker, with the whole House, went to attend his Majesty, in the Banqueting-House at

And Mr. Speaker, with the House, returning;

Mr. Speaker reports, from his Majesty, That his Majesty had been pleased to deliver unto him the Speech, which he made to the House at Whitehall, all of his own Hand-writing:

Which being twice read, very distinctly, by Mr. Speaker, to the House;

Ordered, That his Majesty's Gracious. Speech be entered in the Journal of this House:

Which was as followeth viz.

Mr. Speaker, and you Gentlemen of the House of

Commons j

T Have sent you, this Day, to communicate with you, as

good Friends ought to do, when they discover the least Jealously growing* which may lessen their Confidence in each ether: It is a Freedom very necessary to be used between Me and you; and you may all remember, that when there Was lately a little Jealously amongst you, upon somewhat I had said or done, I made all the Haste 1 could to give you Satisfaction: For which you all returned Me your hearty Thanks , and were, I think, really satisfied.

Gentlemen,

It is in no Man's Power, no not in your own Power, to make me suspect, or in the least Degree imagine it possible, that your Affection or Kindness is lessened or diminished towards me. I know, very well, that the People did never, in any Age, use that Vigilance and Circum-Ipedtion in their Election of Persons of known and tried Affection to the Crown, of your good Principles and unquestionable Inclinations to the Peace of Church and State, for their Representatives in Parliament, as they did, when they chose you. You are the very same Men, who, at your first coming together, gave such signal Testimonies of your Affection and Friendship to My Person, of your Zeal for the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, and liberal Support of the Government, and of your Horror and Detestation of those Men, whose Principles, you difeemed, keeps them awake, to take all Occasions to disturb the Peace of the Kingdom, and to embroil us all In a new Civil War: Which is as much their Endeavour now as ever and it may be not enough abhorred by others, whose Principles and Ends are very different from them. You arc the same Men, who, at your first Meet-

ing, by a wonderful and cheerful Harmony and Concurrence in whatsoever I could wish, gave Me Reputation Abroad, and Security at Home; made our Neighbours sollicitous for out Friendship j and set a just Value upon it: And, trust Me, futh a Reputation is of a vast Importance; and made my evil Subjects even despair of bringing their wicked Purposes to pass. And is it possible, that the same Persons can continue together, without the same . Affection for me, or Prudence for the publick Peace and Prolperity? I amfure it is impossible: And yetimuft tell you, the Reputation 1 had from your Concurrence and Tenderness towards Me, is not at all improved since the Beginning of this Session; indeed it is much lessened: And I am sure I never Hood more in need of That Reputation than at present, to carry Me through many Difficulties, in which the Publick is, at least, as much concerned as Myself: Let Me and you think never so well of Our-selves, if all the World knows, or believes, that we are poor, that we are in Extremity of Want, if our Friends think We can do them no Good, and our Enemies believe we can do them no Harm, our Condition is far from being prolperous. You cannot take it amiss (you shall use as much Freedom with Me, when you please), that I tell you, there hath not appeared that Warmth in you of late, in the Consideration of My Revenue, as I expected, as well from some of your Messages, as from My own Confidence in your Care and Kindness. It hath been said to Myself, that it is usual for Parliaments to give the Crown extraordinary Supplies upon emergent Occasions, but not, to improve the constant Revenue of the Crown. I wish, and so do you, that nothing had been lately done in and by Parliaments, but what was usual. Bur, if ill Parliaments contrive the Ruin and Difinherilon of the Crown, God forbid, but good Parliaments should repair it, how unusual loever it is. If you yourselves had not, in an extraordinary manner, improved My Revenue,-the Government could not have been supported: And if it be not yet improved in the Proportion you have designed, I cannot doubt but you will proceed in it with your old Alacrity. I am very well contented, that you proceed in your Inspection: I know it will be to my Advantage t and that you will neither find My Receipts lb great, nor MyExpences so exorbitant, as you imagine. And, for art Evidence of the last, I will give you presently an Account of the Issues of the Twelve hundred thousand Pounds, you so liberally gave Me; not One Peny whereof was disposed, but upon full Deliberation with Myself, and by my own Order v and I think you will all say, for the publick Service. But, Gentlemen, this Inquisition cannot be finished in the short time, we can now conveniently stay together: And yet, if you do hot provide, before we part, for the better Paying and Collecting what you have already given Me, you can hardly presume what it will amount to: And if you do not support even what you have already given Me, by some Addition, you will quickly fee lawful Ways found out to lessen the Revenue, more than you imagine i And therefore I cannot but expert, that your \Vifdom will fealbnably and speedily provide a Remedy for that growing Mischief. Believe me. Gentlemen, the most dif-affected Subjects in England are not more unwilling to pay any Tax or Imposition you lay upon them, than I am to receive it: God knows I do not long more for any Blessing in this World, than that I may live to call a Parliament, and not ask, or receive, any Money from them: I will do all I can to see that happy Day. I know the vast Burdens the Kingdom hath borne these last Twenty Years, and more; that it is exceedingly impoverished: But, alas! what will that which is left do them good, if the Government cannot be supported; if I am not able to defray the Charge that is necessary for their Peace and Security. I must deal plainly with you , and I do but discharge my Conscience in that Plainnels: If you do not, besides the improving My Revenue, in the manner I have recommended to you, give Me some present Supply of Money, to enable Me to struggle with those Difficulties I am pressed with, I shall have a very melancholick Summer, and shall much apprehend the publick Quiet. You

have

I $ Car. II. Journals of the House Commons. 5*01

have heard, I presume, of the late Design in for the Surprize of the Castle of; which was spread

over all that Kingdom; and many Parliament-Men there engaged in it: There is an absolute Necessity, that I forthwith fend over a good Sum of Money thither, for the Payment of That Army, and putting the Garisons there in good Order. You will not doubt but that those seditious Persons had a Correspondence with their Friends here; and, I pray, let us hot be too careless of them. I allure you, I have so great Occasion of Money here, which My Revenue cannot supply Me with, that I every Day omit the doing somewhat that is very necessary for . the Publick Benefit. These, sure, are just Motives, to persuadeyou to give Me a Supply, as have ever moved aHouse of Commons -, and therefore I conjure you to go chearfully about it, and let Me not be dilappointed in My Confidence of your Affectionsk And, I pray, remember the Season of the Year, and how necessary it is, that we make a Recess in or about Midsummer.I have inlarged much more to you upon this Occasion, than I have used to do; and you may perceive it hath not been very easy to Me: But I was willing you Ihotild understand, from Myself, what I desire and expert from you; and the rather, because I hear some Men have confidently undertaken to know My Mind, who have had no Authority from Me; and to drive on Designs very contrary to My Desires. I do pray you heartily, that the Effect of this Day's Conversation may be the renewing our Confidence in each other, and railing our joint Reputation; which will be our strongest Security, with God's Blelfing, the Kingdom can have for its Peace, Plenty, and full Prosperity j and, upon My Word, you will all have great Comfort in what you shall do for Me, upon this My Very earnest and hearty Recommendation.

The House taking that Part of his Majesty's Speech, which concerns a present Supply for his Majesty, into Debate;

The Question being propounded, That the King's Majesty shall have a present Supply granted him;

The Question was put, Whether that Question be now put:

The House was divided.

The Noes went out.

Tellers for the Yeas \ With the Yeas, j f Tellers for the Noes: 7 i With the Noes, j And so it was reiblved in the Affirmative.

The main Question being put. That the King's Majesty shall have a present Supply granted him;

It was resolved in the Affirmative, Nemitte contradicente. ,w Resolved, &c. That this House will, on Monday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Manner of the King's Majesty's present Supplies.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Sir Allen

Colonel Le, Sir Rich. T, Sir Charles Hujfey,

159'

lit.

Sab tally 130 j Die ^150 Car. IF'

Prayers.

QRdered, That all the Members of this House, that serve for the several Counties of , and Kent, and all the Members that are of the Long Robe, and Sir Henry Herbert, Sir William Smithy Sir Thomas Meres, Colonel Reames, Sir Henry Norths Mr. Main-waring, Mr. Clifford., Sir Francis Goodrich, Mr.

Sir Robert Holt, Sir Rich.Temple. Sir Anthony Cope, and Mr. William Sandys, be added to the Committee ..... which the Bill to make void Two Letters-Patents, granted to Walter Fowler and Sir Garret Kempe, by his Majesty, is committed.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to the Committee, to which the Bill against Butchers Selling of fat Jive Cattle is committed; Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Francis Goodricke, Lord Richardson, Sir Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. Jay, Colonel Gilby, Sir Nicholas Steward, Mr. Wandesford, Sir Hump. Winch, Mr. Griffith, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Courtney Poole, Sir Tho. Gowre, Mr. Crouch, Sir Henry Newton, Mr. Cory, Mr. Mallett, Sir Henry North, Mr. Kent, Mr. Gaudy, Sir Wm. Doyley.

Ordered, That John Michael!, of the County of Northhampton in New-England, be inserted into the Bill of Naturalization.

A Bill for regulating the Making of Stuffs, within the County of Devon, and City and County of Exon, was read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read again the Second time on Tuesday next.

A Bill for the better regulating the Court of sea was this Day read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read again the Second time on Tuesday next.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Tho. Bird and Sir Nathaniel Hobart,

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill for the Settling of the Lands of the Earl of Kent, and the Lord Lucas, on the Marriage of the said Earl with the Daughter and Heir apparent of the said Lord Lucas .‘To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Ordered, That this Bill be read on Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the House will, on Tuesday next, proceed upon the Report concerning the Clothiers.

Ordered, That the House will, on nekr, re-

solve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Bill for the Increase of the Maintenance of Ministers, in Cities, Towns-Corporate, and Market-Towns.

Ordered, That the Report of the Matter, upon the Vote of the House^ concerning Bedford Level, be adjourned, and taken into Consideration, on Morn-

ing next, at the first Sitting cif the House.

A Bill for the Ordering and Improving of the King's Majesty's Revenue was this Day read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read again the Second time, on Thursday Morning next.

The additional Bill for the explaining and supplyirg the Act for distributing 6o;oooo I. and a Tax to be imposed upon Offices, amongst the indigent loyal Officers, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed to Lord Fan-shaw, Sin Bain. Throckmorton, Colonel Reames, Colonel Legg, SnWm. Compton, Lord Bruce, Sir John Birkenhead, Colonel Robinson, Mr. Sir Henry

netty Sir Francis Goodricke, Sir Hen. North, Sir Edm. Pooley, Colonel Gilby, Sir John Talbott, Colonel Sandys, Sir Rich: Vivian, Mr. Newport, Colonel Windham, Sir jeoffrey Shackerley, Sir Nicholas Crispe, Colonel Progers,

Six John Holland, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Mr. Mr.

Steward, Sir Robert Holt, Colonel Whitley, Mr. way, Mr. Milward, Sir Tho. Tompkins, Sir Hen. Newton, Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. Vice-Chamberlain, Colonel Fretch-vile, Sir Rich.Browne, Lord RicbaSir

morton, Colonel Giles Strangwayes, Colonel Morley, Colonel Phillips, Sir Tho. Mompeffon, Mr. Chetwyn, Sir Tho. Ingram, Mr. Waller, Mr. Clifford, Sir Courtny Poole, Sir Clem. Fisher, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Colonel

6L

dell, Colonel Kirkby, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Edm. Peirfe,

Sir John Duncombe, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir

Sir Edward Littleton, Sir Jordan Sir IVm.

ringham, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Allan Mr.

Mr. Kent, Mr. Spry, Mr. Torke, Sir Wendy, Sir Tho. Strickland, Sir Tho. Littleton, and all the Members of this house that have been Commissioners or Commission-Officers in his Majesty's Service, or the Service of his Royal Father: And they are to meet in the Exchequer-Chamber, on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The ingrafted Bill for the Encouragement of Trade was this Day read.

An Enacting Clause, brought in to be added to the Bill, in pursuance of an Order of the House, of the Fourth of June, was twice read; and debated: But being long, and in the Nature of a Bill,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to comprehend the Substance of the Enabling Clause.

A Proviso was tendered, to repeal the Act for the Importing of Madder pure and unmixed; and once read.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, or a Clause to the Bill directed for the regulating Fishing, for Repeal of the Act for Importing of Madder.

Ordered, That the Words " or Bullion" be inserted, after the Word " Coin."

Which was done accordingly.

The Question being put. That the Bill do pass;

It was resolved in the Affirmative:

And that the Title shall be. An Act for the Encouragement of Trade.

Ordered, That Sir George Downing do carry up the Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

Afternoon be adjourned; and do meet on Monday, at Two of the Clock, in the Places formerly appointed.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to inspect the Act against Transporting of Wool, and the Act against Transporting of Leather, be revived; and do fit on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Place formerly appointed: And Sir Wm. Lowther, Colonel Whitley, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Sir Rich.

and Sir Tho. Tompkins, are added to the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, at Eight a Clock.

Lunce, 150 dieJunity 150 Car. IT8,

Prayers.

A Bill for Relief of such Persons as, by Sickness, or Other Impediments, were difebled to subscribe the Declaration and Acknowledgment in the Act of Uni* formity, was read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read again the Second time on Wednesday next.

Ordered, That these Persons following be added to the Committee, to which the Bill concerning Mr. Pitcarne is committed; viz.Sir Thomas Sir Nicholas Steward, Colonel Robinson, Mr. Sandys, Mr. John Buller, Sir

Theop. Biddulph, Sir Nich. CriJp, Sir Clement Mr.

Jolliffe, Mr. Francis Buller: And they are to fit this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Place formerly appointed.

Upon Information given to the House, by Mr. Coventry, That his Majesty had commanded him to impart to the House, That a Message was delivered to his Majesty by a Person of Quality, from Sir Richard Temple, to the Effect following , viz. " That Sir Richard T was ferry his Majesty was offended with him that he could not go along with them that had undertaken his Business in the House of Commons: But, if his Majesty would take his Advice, and intrust him and his Friends, he would undertake his Business should be effected, and Revenue settled, better than he could desire; if the Courtiers did not hinder it."

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to examine the Matter touching Sir Richard Temple; and report it to the House: Viz. Mr. Coventry, Sir Wm. Sir

Compton, Serjeant Keeling, Serjeant , Colonel Reames, Sir Edm. Peirfe, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Clifford, Colonel Windham, Colonel Progers, Colonel Giles Strangwayes, Mr. Garraway, Lord Sir Charles

Huffy, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Hide, Sir John Duncombe, Sir Antb. Cope, Mr. Sir John Talbott, Sir Francis Goodricke, Sir Tho. Sir Edw.

Littleton, Sir Solomon Swale: And all the Members of this House, that come to the Committee, are to have Voices: And they are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, on Monday next: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, Thar the humble Thanks of this House be returned to his Majesty, for his gracious Message to this House: And Mr. Treasurer, Sir William Compton, Mr. Coventry, and Mr. Progers, are desired to return the Thanks of this House to his Majesty.

Upon Complaint made to this House, by Sir Richard Everard, of a Breach of Privilege;

Ordered, That the Matter concerning Sir Richard Everard be referred to the same Committee appointed to examine the Business concerning Sir Richard Temple; and to report the same to the House.

Ordered, That all Committees which were to meet this

Ordered, That the Report of the Bill of Lindsey Level be peremptorily heard on Friday Morning next.

A Petition of Francis Dickins, on the Behalf of himself, and of the Creditors, Widow, and younger Children, of William Dickins Esquire, was read.

Mr. Seymour reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for veiling the Office of Postmaster-General, and the Office of granting Wine-Licences, in his Royal Highness the Duke of Torke, That the Committee had per-sued their Instructions: And, having heard the several Parties concerned*, and considered the Debates in the House upon Commitment of the Bill* had made several Amendments; and agreed a Proviso to be add, ed, and made Part of the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered the feme in at the Clerk's Table: Which were read the First time.

The First Amendment, bring to leave out the Word " Parliament," and, instead thereof, to insert the Wbrd " Convention," was read the Second time. v

The Question being put. To agree with the Committed; The House was divided.

KTellers for the Ayes \ With the Ayes, j

f Tellers for the Noes I With the Noes,

in the Affirmative, To agree.1

1

v

The Noes went out. Sir Robert Brooke,

Mr. Seymour,

Sir Hen. Capell,

Sir Hen. Felton,

And lb it was resolved

90.J 1

5°-\

with the Committee.

The next Amendment was read; and, upon the Que4 ftion, agreed to (

The rest of the Amendments were read the Second) time; and, upon the Question, severally agreed. f The First Proviso was read; and, upon the Question* agreed. . {

The Second Proviso was read the Second time. Resolved, &c. That these Words, " or any other Cities; or Towns-Corpqrate," be inserted in this Proviso,

Which was done accordingly. 1

Resolved, That the Proviso, so amended, be agreed to.

Thei

niniti7PH hv C^OOglg

The Question being put. For an Addition to be made to the Proviso, on the Behalf of such as had served Seven Years Apprenticeship to the Trade of a Vintner, and did now exercise that Trade;

The House was divided.

The Ayes went out.

Sir Wm. Tompson, $ Tellers for the Ayes:")

Sir John Frederic kc, \ With the Ayes, -j IO°*

Mr. Seymour, f Tellers for the Noes :?

Ur. Clifford, I With the Noes, J I20>

And so it passed in the Negative.

A Proviso, on the Behalf of the Two Universities, was tendered; and twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

Another Proviso, on the Behalf of such as have Patents from King James and King Charles the First, for felling Wines by Retale, was read.

The Question being put, That the Proviso be read a Second time;

It was relblved in the Affirmative.

The Proviso was accordingly read the Second time.

The Question being put, That the Bill, with this Pro* trifo, be re-committed to the former Committee;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Committee be revived; and do meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Place formerly appointed.

Ordered, That the Matter of the King's Majesty's present Supply be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning: And that the House do, at Ten of the Clock, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to take the same into Consideration.

A Proviso, directed, by Order of this House, to be brought in to the Bill to prevent the Growth of Popery, being brought in; and twice read , and debated;

Resolved, That this Proviso be re-committed to the former Committee i And they are hereby revived; and to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Place formerly appointed.

Ordered, That the Committee, to which the Bill against Lkentiousness and Profaneness was committed, be revived; and do fit Tomorrow at Two Of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Place formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned itself till Tomorrow Morning at Eight of the Clock.

Mart is, 16° die yunity 150 Car. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, for the settling the Lands of the Earl of Kent, and the Lord JLucas, on the Marriage of the said Earl with the Daughter and Heir-apparent of the said Lord Lucas, was read.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of several Merchants, Tradesmen, Artificers, Victuallers, and others, was read.

Ordered, That the House do fit Tomorrow in the Afternoon: And that the Debate of the Matter upon the Vote of the House, concerning Be Level, be then taken into Consideration.

A Bill concerning the Arrears of the Excise was read. The Question being put, That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair: And, resuming the Chair again;

The Question being put, That Sir Robert Atkir.S be called to the Chair of the Committee;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair: And

Sir Robert Atkins took the Chair of the Committeei

Mr. Speaker again took the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins reports, from the said Committee*

the Opinion of the Committee, That the present Supply to his Majesty shall be levied by way of Subsidy; and that the House would name a Committee, to search and examine the Rolls in the Exchequer, of Subsidies granted in the Times of Queen Elizabeth, King James, and the late King Chyles \and to report to the House* What the Proportions of the several Counties were upon those Rolls t And that the Committee be impowered to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, That this House agree with the Commit*1 tee, That the present Supply to his Majesty shall be levied by way of Subsidy.

Resolved, That this House. doth agree with the Committee, That a Committee be appointed of the Members following; viz. Sir Robert Atkins, Mr. Sollicitor-Ge-neral. Sir Allen Apjley, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Vaughan, Sir John Duncombe, Sir Francis Goodricke, Sir Antb. Cope, Sir Thomas Metres, Sir IVm. Doyley, Lord Richardson, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Torke, Serjeant Keeling, Sir Edmund Peirfe, Sir Edm. Pooley, Sir Win. Compton, Sir Tho. -drington. Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Charles Mr.

Clifford, Sir Gilbert Garrard, Sir Philip Warwicke, Mr. Garraway, Sir Sol. Swale, Mr. Oneale, Mr. Knight, Mr. Phillips, Matter of the Rolls, Lord St. John, Sir Hump. Winch, Mr. Treasurer, S\r Bay. Throckmorton, Sir Norton, Sir Wm. Lewis, Serjeant Charleton, Colonel Giles

Strangwayes, Mr. Strickland, Mr. Mountague, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Tho. Gowre, Colonel Fretchvile, Sir Tho. Peyton, Serjeant Maynard, Mr. Stroude, Sir Rich. Temple, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Scawen, Lord Bruce, Sir Charles Huffey, Serjeant Seys, Mr. Milward, Sir Wm. Lowther,

Sir John Holland, and all the Members of this House that are of the Long Robe; or any Five of them: And the said Committee are to search and examine the Rolls in the Exchequer, of Subsidies granted in the Time of Queen Elizabeth, King James, and the late King Charles; and report to the House, What the Proportions of the several Counties were upon those Rolls; and the total Sum of each Subsidy: And the said Committee have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And that they have Power to require such Persons as they shall think fit, to assist them in the Premises: And the said Committee are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Exchequer-Chamber; and to make their Report, as aforesaid, on Thursday Morning next: And the efpe-

cial Care hereof is referred to Mr. Vaughan, Serjeant Maynard, and Mr. Pryn.

Sir Richard Temple informs the House, That, in pursuance of the Leave given him by this House, he had petitioned his Majesty, for the Name of the Person who had given a Representation of him to his Majesty: And that Mr. Secretary Morrice told him, He should receive his Answer in the House.

Mr. Secretary Morrice delivers a MefTage, from his Majesty, in Writing, concerning Sit Richard Temple.

Which Mr. Speaker read.

Resolved, That it be referred to the Committee formerly appointed to examine the Matter touching the Representation of Sir Richard Temple to the King, to consider, upon the present Debate, How far the House is concerned therein; and to report their Opinion, What is fit to be done in the Business: And Mr. Vaughan and Mr. Sollicitor-General are added to the said Committee.

The House did then relume the Matter touching his Majesty's present Supply.

The House adjourns till Tomorrow, Eight a Clock in the Morning.

Mtrcurii,

Mercurii, i y° die J , 150 Car. IIdl'

Prayers.

fXRdered, That Sir William Lewis have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

Ordered, That Sir Williamand Mr,

be added to the Committee, to which the Bill against Licentioufnels and Profanenels is committed.

A Petition of several Inhabitants of the County of Chester was this Day read.

Ordered, That this Petition be referred to the same Committee, to which the Bill for the making navigable the Rivers of Mersey and Weaver is committed; to examine the Matter of the Petition; and to summon and hear the Persons concerned: And the Lord Brereton is added to the said Committee.

A Bill to take away Damage Cleere was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Sir Courtney Poole, Sir Tho. Allen., Sir Wm. Lowther, Serjeant Charleton, Mr. Attorney of the Duchy, Mr. Gar-

raway, Sir Tho. Meeres, Sir Charles , Dr.

well, Sir Tho. ‘Tompkins, Mr. Wandesford, Sir Edmund Peirfe, Mr. George, Serjeant , Colonel,

Colonel Robitifon, Sir Hum. , Lord Sir

John Duncombe, Sir Lane. , Colonel , Sir

Robert Atkins, Sir Tho. Gowre, Sir Mr.

Clifford, Sir Edmund Bowyer, Mr. Street, Mr. ing. Sir John Bramston, Mr. Daniell, Mr. Crouch, Sir Robert Holt, Sir Anth. Irby, Mr. Pepis, and all the Members of this House that are of the Long Robe: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Alexander Davyes and Francis who, for a Breach of Privilege against Mr. Oneale, a Member of this House, were committed to the Serjeant at Arms; and, having been taken into Custody, and submiited themselves, be, by the Consent of the said Mr. Oneale, discharged of their Commitment, paying their Fees.

Ordered, That the Bill for regulating the Making of Stuffs in the City and County of Exeter, and County of Devon, be read, the first Bill, Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill for settling the Lands of the Earl of Kent and the Lord Lucas, on the Marriage of the said Earl with the Daughter and Heir-apparent of the said Lord Lucas, be read, the first Bill, this Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Bill for regulating and ordering the Fishing Trade be read this Afternoon.

Sir Robert Atkins reports, from the Committee to which

the Proviso, brought in to be added to the Bill to prevent the Growth of Popery, was committed, That the Committee had made several Amendments to the Proviso: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table. And the said Amendments, being twice read, were, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

.The Residue of the Amendments formerly reported to the Bill, precedent to the Amendment for inserting a Proviso on the Behalf of Recusants, were read the Second time; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

The Proviso reported, on the Behalf of such Persons, of a different Profession from the Church of England, that had been in actual Arms for his Majesty, or his Royal Father, was read the First time.

The Question being put. That the Proviso be read the Second time,

It passed in the Negative.

The subsequent Amendment, for adding Two Clauses, was read the Second time; and the Clause twice read; and, on the Question, agreed to.

The subsequent Amendments were readand agreed

to.

Resolved, See. That the Words " and required", be added in the Bill.

Which was done accordingly.

Resolved, See. That the Bill, with the Amendments and Clauses agreed to, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the House will, on Friday next, pror ceed in the Consideration of the Report touching the Clothiers.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to the Committee, appointed to inspect the Acts against Transporting of Wool and Leather} viz. Dr. Burwell, Mr. Westphaling. Sir John Hotham, Sir Tho.

Colonel Whitley, Mr. Price, Lord Brereton, Sir Robert Holt, Mr. Barnaby, Dr. Rifhton Mr. Lowder, Sir Jeoffery Shakerly, Sir Richard Oateley, Mr. Prideaux.

Ordered, That the Report of the Bill against Sectaries be heard Tomorrow Morning.

The House adjourns till Two of the Clock in th# Afternoon.

Post Meridiem

A Bill for settling the Lands of the Earl of Kent and the Lord Lucas, on the Marriage of the said Earl with the Daughter and Heir-apparent of the said Lord Lucas, was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill be committed to Lord St. John, Sir Edm. Peirfe, Lord , Mr. Attorney

of the Duchy, Mr. Coventry, Sir Bain. Throckmorton, Mr. Wm. Sandys, Colonel Progers,' Sir Rich. Temple. Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Rich. Onslow, Lord Sir Tho.

Allen, Sir John Rouse, Sir Hump. Winch, Mr. Waller, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Tho. Wendy, Sir Chichester Wray, Sir Edm. Pye, Lord Bruce, Mr. Sir Robert How-

ard, Sir John Norton, Sir Nicholas Steward, Sir Robert Brooke, Sir Tho. Meeres, Colonel Phillips, Mr. Mr. Cooke, Lord Brereton, Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Onslow, Colonel Strangwayes, Mr. Higgons, Sir Tho. Gowre, Sir Edm. Bowyer, Sir John Salisbury, Sir Wm. Compton, Sir Heneage Finch, Mr. Lovelace, Sir Hump. Bennett, Sir John Trott, Mr. Knight, Sir John Brampfton, Mr. Clifford, Sir Arthur Ingram, Sir John Duncombe, Sir Tho. Widdrington, Colonel Reames, Sir John Shaw, Sir Clifford Clifton, Colonel Windham, Mr. Earnly, Sir John Tirrell, and all the Members of this House that serve for the several Counties of Essex, Bedford, and And they are to meet in the Speaker's Chambers, on 'Friday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records,

A Bill for the better regulating and ordering the Fishing Trade was read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time on Friday next.

The House did then resume the Debate of the Matter touching Bedford Level.

Resolved, See. That the Debate of the Vote of the House, as to the Sale of the Lands for Default of Payment of Taxes, be postponed.

The rest of the Amendments reported to the Bill, except the last, which was to add, to the End of the Bill, the Thirty-four Sheets reported from the Committee to be made Part of the Bill, were read the Second time; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

The Addition of Thirty-four Sheets was read the First time.

The

The First Paragraph of the Thirty-four Sheets was read the Second time.

The Question being put, To agree to the First Paragraph of the Amendment of the Thirty-four Sheets;

The House was divided.

The Noes came out.

CTellers for the Yeas:

| With the Yeas,

J Tellers for the Noes:

£ With the Noes,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Tire next Paragraph of the Thirty-four Sheets read the Second time.

A Petition, on the Behalf of William Drax Gentleman, was tendered.

Colonel Williams,

Mr. Pepis,

Lord Gorge,

Mr. Chicheley

1

1

9 6

i3-

was

Another Petition, of Mr. William , was tendered.

Another Petition, on the Behalf of Mr. George Danvers, was tendered.

Another Petition, of Mr; David was tendered.

The Question being put. That the said Petitions be read *,

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put. That the Second Paragraph in the Amendment be agreed to;

It Was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Third Paragraph of the Thirty-four Sheets was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That this Paragraph of the Amendment be agreed to.

' The next Paragraph; as to the appointing Commission-efs, WaS read the Second time.

Ordered, That the Members that serve for the several Counties concerned do, on Friday next, bring in the Names of Six Commissioners to be appointed for each County.

Ordered, That the Vice-Chancellor for the University of Cambridge, the Mayor Of the Town of Cambridge, and the Mayor of the Town of Kings-Lynne, for the Time being, shall be appointed Commissioners in the Act, besides the Six Commissioners for each County concerned.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of" the Paragraph for naming Commissioners be poftporied.

The several following Paragraphs of the Thirty-four Sheets, unto the Paragraph concerning the Tenure of the Lands, were read the Second time > and, on the Que-Jftion, severally agreed to.

The next Paragraph of the Amendment, touching the Tenure of the Lands, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Paragraph be agreed to.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Proviso, For saving the Royalties and Franchises of the particular Lands of the several Manors.

The next Paragraph, as to the proportioning the Lands, fras read the Second time.

Ordered, That these Words be added to the said Paragraph; viz. " Whereof the Vice-Chancellor for the University of Cambridge, the Mayor of the Town of Gam-bridge, and the Mayor of the Town of King* s-Lynne, for the Time being, to be Three, if they, upon Notice left at their reffieftive Habitations, shall think fit to be present."

Which was done accordingly.

Ordered, That these Words, " or any Seven or more of them,*' be inserted in the Paragraph, after the Word " Commissioners.*'

Which was done accordingly.

Resolved, &c. That the Paragraph, so amended, be agreed to.

The several subsequent Paragraphs of the Thirty-four Sheets were read the Second time; and, on the Question, agreed to.

A Proviso was tendered, ofi the Behalf of Sir John Watts \ and twice read.

Resolved,&c. That the said Proviso be agreed to.

Another Proviso, on the BTalf of the Inhabitants Of Crowland, was read twice: And some Amendments, upon the Question, were agreed to be made thereto:

And the Proviso, with Amendments, was, upon the Question, agreed to.

Another Provilb was tendered to be read; but rejected.

The House did then relume the Debate of the Vote concerning the Sale of the Land, in case of not Payment of Taxes.

Resolved, &c. That there be a Power contained in the Act, That such Taxes as shall for the future incurf, shall be raised and levied by Sale only; and that Sale be made of so much of the Land only as wili be sufficient to pay such Taxes: And that it be referred to the former Committee, to prepare and bring in a Clause for that Purpose.

Resolved, That it be referred to the same Committee, to bring in a Clause to impower the Judicatory, upon adjusting the Accompts, to order and determine in what Manner the Arrears of Taxes, already incurred, shall be levied and paid: And the Committee is revived: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Place formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned till Tp-morrow Morning, Eight of the Clock;

jovisy 18° dieJuniiy 150 Car. II*.

PRA YSRS.

A Bill for regulating the Making of Stuffs in the City and County of Exeter, and County of Devon, wag read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Sir Courtney Poole, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Robert Holt, Mr. Crouch, Sir Clifford Clifton, Sir Mr.

Mr. Buller, Mr. Walker, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr.

Sir Francis Lawley, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Mr.

Prideaux, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Solomon Swale, Lord shaw, Sir Rich. Onslow, Colonel Windham, Sir Charles Harbord, Mr. Kent, Colonel Phillips, Mr. Treasurer, Colonel Strangwayes, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir John Marloe,

Sir ThO.Littleton, Sir Hen. North, Sir Throckmorton, Sir Henry Worsley, Sir George Downing, Mr. ,-

Sir Wm. Portman, Mr. Daniell', Mr. Crouch, Sir John Frederick, Mr. Jones, Mr. Jay, Sir James Smith, Mr. HarbOrd, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. John Collins, Sir Wm. Tompson, Mr. Jolly, Mr. Windham, Mr. Weflpbaling, Sir Edm; Peirfe, Colonel Reames, Mr. Knight, Sir Irby, Mr. Gawdy, Sir Hugh Pollard, Mr. Dennis, Serjeant Maynard, Sir Charles Huffey, and all the Members of this House that serve for the several Counties of Devon, Comewall, Somersett, and Dorsett: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer-Chamber: And they are hereby impowered to in-large the said Bill; and to make the same extend to the regulating the Making of Stuffs in the County of Somersett, or any other the Western Counties, or Cities and Towns therein, as.. . shall find necessary: And they are to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That all Comfhittees which are discontinded be revived , and do fit this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Places formerly appointed.

Mr. Heath reports, from the Committee to which the BHl for preventing the Meetings of Seftaries, Un-con-formifts, and Dissenters from the-Church, of England, was, by Order of the Third of June instant, re-committed,- That the Committee, in pursuance of the Order, had agreed several Clauses and Amendments to be added to the Bill r Which he read,- with the Coherence; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

And the Amendments and Clauses were once read. Resolved, That the Debate of these Amendments and Clauses bfe adjourned till Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock; and then taken into Consideration.

6 M ABift

A Bill for the improving and ordering his Majesty's Revenue was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, &e. That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Treasurer, Mr. Sollicitor-General, Sir Francis Mr. JVm.Sandy5, Sir Tho. , Sir Hen. Mr. Mount ague. Sir Allen Apfey, Sir Philip Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Job CharletonMr. , Colonel

Windham, Sir Robert Long, S\t Clifford Clifton, Sir Thomas Strickland, Sir EdmundPcoley, Mr. Sir

lien. North, Sir Humph. Winch, Sir Sir

Tho. Tompkins, Mr. Trelawney, Mr. , Sir

Francis Goodricke, Mr. CoventrySir Robert Atkins, Mr.

Seymour, Colonel Strangwayes, Mr. Torke, Sir Nicholas Crisp, Mr. Crouch, Sir George Cartwright, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Attorney of the Duchy, Sir Sir

Throckmorton, Colonel Gilby, Sir Thomas Lee, Serjeant Maynard, Colonel Phillips, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Mr. Milward, Mr. Clifford, Sir Edm. Peirfe, Sir Hen. Newton, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Coventry, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir JVm. Compton, Sir Hen. Capell, Lord Ancram, Sir Price, Colonel Legg, Mr. Gaudy, Mr Mr. Green-

vile, Colonel Kirby, Mr. George, Mr. Knight, Mr. Thur-land. Lord Berkeley, Lord Richardson, Mr. Sir

John Buncombe, Mr. JVatter, Colonel Robinson, Sir Hump. 'Bennett, Mr. Bulleele, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Chiche-ley, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Whorwood, Mr. King, Sir JVm. Lowther, Sir John GoodrickeSir Anth. Irby, Lord Bruce,

Mr. Mountague, Mr. Pleydwell, Mr. Spry, Sir Charles Huffey, Mr. Harbord, Sir George Downing, Lord Come-bury. Sir John Talbott, Mr. Tayler, Sir John Fredericke, Sir Ralph Banks, Mr. Mattett, Mr. Hide, Colonel Pro-gers. Sir Tho. Gowre, Mr. Jones, Lord Brereton: And all the Members of this House, that shall come to the Committee, are to have Voices: Arid they are to meet in the Exchequer-Chamber, Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And are hereby impowered to receive such Proposals as shall be offered, for retrenching die Charge of his Majesty's Navy: And to fend for Persons. Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Cause, between Mr. Knollys and Sir William Walter, touching the Election of Mr. Knollis for the County of Ox on, now depending before the Committee for Elections, be put off from Hearing this Afternoon: And that the same be not again brought on to Hearing, without a Month's Notice first given to Mr. Knollys.

Mr. Serjeant Maynard reports, from the Committee appointed to inspect and examine the Rolls in the Exchequer, of Subsidies granted in the Time of Queen Elizabeth, King James, and the late King Charles, That the Committee had inspected several Rolls and Acts of Parliament in the Times of Queen Elizabeth, King James, and King Charles the First; and had collected a Particular of the several Subsidies granted in several Years of their respective Reigns; and also had taken out Copies of the Rates of Subsidies in those Times, set upon several Counties: Which he delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

And some Debate being had thereupon;

Resolved, dec. That the further Debate of the Matter, touching the King's Majesty's present Supply, be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock and then taken into Consideration.

The House adjourns till Eight a Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Veneris, 190 die Jun, 150 Car. IIdl.

Prayers.

SIR Thomas Gower reports, from the Committee to which the Matter was re-committed, by Order of the Seventeenth of this Month, in relation to Bedford Level, to prepare and bring in Two Clauses, and other Additions and Amendments, to the Bill for draining the said Level, That the Committee had accordingly agreed the Clauses ... Amendments directed by the Order: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Which Clauses and Amendments were read the First time.

And the First of the said Clauses were read the Second time, by Paragraphs iand, upon the Question, agreed to.

A Proviso was tendered, on the Behalf of the Bishops, and other Lords, to enable them to let Leases: ..... was read.

The said Proviso was read th.e Second time.

The Question being put. That the Blank in the Proviso be filled up with these Words, " the Fourth Part of the true yearly Value to be ascertained by the Commissioners aforesaid, or any Seven of them , "

Which was done accordingly;

Resolved, That the said Proviso, so amended, be agreed to.

Another Proviso, to save the Rights of the Lords, was twice read; and some Amendments made, and agreed to: But some Debates arising on some other Points of the Proviso *,

Ordered, That the fad Proviso be committed to the former Committee: And the Committee are revived *, and to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Place formerly appointed.

Ordered, That the Report concerning the illegal Issue-ing, and undue Execution, of Commissions, be heard Tomorrow Morning, before Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Report concerning Sir Richard Temple be heard Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the House will, on Monday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, proceed on the Report and Amendments to the Bill for preventing the Meeting of Seftaries, Un-conformists, and Dissenters from the Church.

Ordered, That the House will, on Tuesday next, proceed in the further Consideration of the Report concerning the Clothiers.

The House did then relblve into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the Matter of his Majesty's present Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Akins took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker again took the Chair.

Sir Robert Akins reports, from the Committee, That they had proceeded to these Resolves:

That the Commissioners for levying the Subsidy b* nominated by the House:

That there shall be a Restriction as to the real Value of Lands:

That there shall be a Restriction as to the real Value of Goods:

That the Proportion of a Subsidy of Land shall be Four Shillings in the Pound:

That the Proportion of a Subsidy upon Goods shall be Two Shillings and Eight-pence in the Pound.

Resolved, That the Debate of this Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning at Nine of the Clock.

Ordered, That Mr. Pepis be added to the Committee to whom my Lord Lucas Bill is committed.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom my Lord Strangford's Bill is committed, be revived; and do fit Tomorrow in the Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Place formerly appointed.

Ordered, That all Committees which should have lat this Afternoon, be adjourned till Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Mef,

A Meffige from the Lords, by Sir William Glascock and Sir Walter Littleton;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have returned you a Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and better preserving the Key of Wells in the County of with some Al-

terations and Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

The Lords have also commanded us to signify to this House, That they have concurred to the Act, sent from this House, for regulating the Hospital of St. in

the County of Worcester.

Ordered, That Sir Rowland , Colonel Sam.

dy s, Sir Charles Hujfey, and Mr. be added to the

Committee, to whom the Bill concerning the Rivers of Mersey and Weever is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Westphaling, Sir

Sir Wm. Howard, Lord Gorge, Mr. , Lord

Rithardson, Mr. Whorwood, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for taking away Damage Clear is committed.

The House adjourns till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbati, 20° die unit, 150 Car, 11".

Prayers.

f~\Rdered, That all Proceedings at Law, in the Action of Ejectment brought by James , to try the Title of certain Lands lying in Pulver Fen, and all Proceedings at Law, in Cafes of like Nature, concerning the Ninety-five thousand Acres Fen-Land, in Bedford Level, or any Part thereof, be flayed, until the Matter touching the said Fens (which is now depending in this House) be determined.

Ordered, That the House will fit on Monday next, in the Afternoon, for the reading such Bills as are now depending.

Ordered, That the Bill concerning the Grants made before the late Wars, of several Offices in the City of

London, be read on Monday next.

Sir Thomas Littleton reports, from the Committee, to 1 which the Bill for explaining and inlarging an Act, made ir« the 43 th of Queen Elizabeth, for Relief of the Poor, was committed, several Amendments to be made to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Plaft j and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

The said Amendments were severally twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

Refolded, That the said Bill, with the said Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Mr. Mallettreports, from the Committee appointed to

inquire into the undue Execution of a Commission ififued into the County of Sussex, for Discovery of the Lands gained from the Sea , or any other Commissions of the like Nature; and to receive Complaints and Informations touching Commissions, Patents, or Grants, which Were Grievances; That the Committee, upon full Examination of the whole Matter, did find. That the Commissioners, which did execute the Commissions issued for Discovery of Tands gained from the Sea, were Persons of mean Quality, and not known to the Country , and that they did execute the Commission without giving Notice to the rest of the Commissioners named in the Commission; and that the said Commissions were returned unduly, the Depofi cions being not returned with the Commission, as by the Com-'mission is required: And therefore the Committee were of Opinion, That there had been an undue Execution of the

Commission issued into Sussex, Southampton, and

Middlesex.

The Question being put, To agree with the Committee, That there had been an undue Execution of the Commissions issued into Sussex, Kent, Southampton, and Middlesex,

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, &cc. That the undue Execution of the Commissions, issued for the Discovery of the Lands gained from the Sea, is a Grievance.

Resolved, That his Majesty be humbly desired to forbear to pals any further Grants upon the Commissions so unduly executed: And such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's Honourable Privy-Council, and Mr. John Ashburnham, are to acquaint his Majesty with the

Desires of this House.

Ordered, That the Committee, formerly appointed, be revived: And they are impowered to receive Petidons and Complaints from any other Counties or Places, in Cafes of like Nature.

Ordered, That it be referred to the same Committee, to draw up an Impeachment against Mr. John Collins, William Eard/cy, Richard Powell, Francis Crejfett, John

Davyes, Hath. Morgan, and William for their

Miscarriage in the undue Execution of the Commission for Discovery of Lands gained from the Sea.

Sir Charles Hujfey reports, from the Committee appointed to examine the Matter concerning Sir Richard Temple, That the Committee, upon Examination of the Matter, had passed some Resolves, to be nominated to the House: Which he read in his Place j and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

And the Votes being twice read; and debated;

Resolved, That the King's Majesty be humbly desired, that he would be graciously pleased to name the Person that did deliver; the Message to his Majesty from Sir Richard Temple: And that his Majesty's Two Principal Secretaries of State, Mr. Treasurer, and Sir William,

do attend his Majesty, and acquaint him with the Desires of this House.

Resolved, &c. That the Debate of the Matter, upon the Report of the Committee of the whole House, concerning his Majesty's present Supply, be adjourned till Monday Morning Nine of the Clock; and then taken into Consideration.

The House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Dunce y 22° Junii, 150 Car. IIdi,

Prayers.

A Bill concerning the Grants of Offices in London was read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time on Thursday next.

Ordered, That the Report of the Bill for the Draining of Lindsey Level be heard on Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr Spry and Colonel Robinson have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

Ordered, That Sir Claries Huffy, Lord Herbert, Sir Anthony Irby, and Sir Robert Long, do look into the Act, mad eprimo Jacobi, for Draining certain Fenny Grounds, therein mentioned, in Lincolneshire, undertaken by Thomas Lovell Esquire: And have Liberty to bring in a Bill to reftruin the Proviso in that Act , and to provide, that the Draining those Fens may be efifeftually performed.

Ordered, That the Committee, to which the Bill touching Damage Cleere is committed, be revived; and do fit Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

3

Ordered, That the I louse will proceed upon the Report of the Bill against the Meeting of Sectaries and Un-con-formifts, the first Business in tire Afternoon.

The House did then resume the Debate of the Matter upon the Report of the Committee of the whole House, touching his Majesty's present Supply, by way of Subsidy.

The Question be put, To agree with the Committee, that the Commissioners for the levying die Subsidy, be nominated by the House;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put, To agree with the Committee, that there shall be a Restriction as to the real Value of Lands

The House was divided. The Noes went out.

Sir Sol. Swale

Sir 'Tho. Tompk

Sir Tho. Allen,

Mr. Finch,

92.

49-

Tellers for the Yeas:

With the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes:

With the Noes,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being propounded. That this be added to the former Refblve-, viz." Having Regard to Debts, and other necessary Expences, and with relation to former Precedents of Subsidies, in the Reigns of King James and King Charles, in the Manner of Taxing and Levy-thereof

The Question being put, That these Words -, viz. " and with relation to former Precedents of Subsidies, in the Reigns of King James, and King Charles the First, in the Manner of Taxing and Levying thereof shall stand in the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The whole Question being put. That there shall be & Restriction'as to the real Value of Lands-, having regard to Debts and other necessary Expences, and with Relation to former Precedents of Subsidies, in the Reigns of King James and King Charles, in the Manner of Taxing and Levying thereof j

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put. That this Question -,

That One thousand Pounds per , real Estate, shall not be valued at above Twenty Pounds per Annum, on the Roll, and so proportionably for greater or lesser Sums* be put;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved,&c. That the further Debate of the Report, touching his Majesty's present Supply, be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning at Nine of the Clock; and then taken into Consideration.

The House adjourns till Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Poji Meridiem.

JjObert Creyton, Doctor in Divinity, and Dean of Wells, £)ay take the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, in order to his being naturalized.

Ordered, That all Members that come to the Committee, to which the Bill touching Damage Cleere is committed, shall have Voices at the Committee.

An Act for Recovery of the Arrears of the Excise was this Day read the Second time.

A Proviso was tendered to be added to the Bill; and twice read.

Resolved, See. That the Bill, with the Proviso, be committed to Colonel Fretcbvile, Sir Solo. Swale, Mr.

Mr. Coventry, Sir Tho. Gower, Sir Charles Harbori, Sir

John Holland, Sir Hen. Nort, Lord Richardson, Mr. Scawen, Sir Wm. Compton, Mr. Colonel Birch,

Dr. Burwell, Colonel Kirkby, Sir Robert , Mr. Clif-

ford, Sir Rich. Vivian, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Pepis,

Mr. Heath, Mr. Reamts, Sir John Duncombe, Sir

Irby, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Edmund Sir Wm.

Doyley, Mr. Westphaling, Sir Row. Berkley, Sir Rich. On-

flow, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Jones, Mr. Finch, Mr.

Sir Wm. Fleetwood, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir John Shaw, Sir Charles Hujfey, Colonel Legg, Sir John Fredericke, Mr. Crooke, Sir Rich. Oately, Sir TCarew: And all the Members of this House, that shall come, are to have Voices: And they are to meet in the Exchequer-Chamber Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House did then proceed in the further Consideration of the Clauses, and Amendments, reported to be made, and added to the Bill, for preventing the meeting of Sedlaries, Un-conformists, and Dissenters from the Church of England.

And the first Paragraph of the Clause to be added, by way of Amendment, was read die Second time.

The Question being put. To agree with that Paragraph of the Amendment j

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The next Clause of the Paragraph was read.

Resolved, See. That the Blank in the Paragraph be filled up with the Sum of Forty Pounds.

Which was done.

Resolved, Sec. That the Paragraph, so amended, be agreed to.

The next Paragraph, of the First Clause, was read the Second time.

Ordered, That the Words " and cheapest" be omitted out of the Paragraph.

Which was done.

Ordered, That the Paragraph, so amended, be agreed to.

The next Paragraph, as to the Penalty to be set on the Constable, was read.

Resolved, Sec. That the Blank for the Penalty be filled up with die Sum of Five Pounds.

Which was done.

And the Paragraph, so amended, upon the Question, agreed to.

The next Paragraph was read the Second time; and, on the Question, agreed.

Ordered, That it be referred to the former Committee, to prepare, and bring in, a Proviso for Exemption of such Persons from the Penalty of the Act, that shall, after Conviction, and before Transportation, conform; and also of such as by a Time, after Transportation, shall conform, and bring a Certificate of such Conformity, from the Governor of the Place to which they were transported: And the Committee are revived -, and to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Place formerly appointed.

The Clause concerning the Disturbance of the Peace was read; and the Words " or endangered," upon the Question, agreed to be omitted.

And the Clause, with that Amendment, on the Question, agreed to.

The Clause touching the Certiorari was read.

Ordered, That the Three last Lines of the Clause be omitted: And that these Words following beinferted; viz. " nor shall any such Indictment, after Conviction, be quashed, or avoided, by reason of any Error appearing in the fame."

Which was done.

And the Clause, so amended, agreed to.

The Clause, concerning Feme-Covert and Popish Recusants, was read the Second time.

The Question being put, To omit the Popish Recusants out of the Proviso, and the Words relating to them in the Close of the Proviso;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And done accordingly.

And the Proviso, so amended, upon the Question, agreed to.

The last Proviso, as to Persons refusing the Tests not to be excused from bearing Offices, &c. was read the Second time.

The

Car. II. Journals of the House of Commons.

The Question being put. To agree to this Proviso j The House was divided.

The Noes went out.

Sir Hen. Felton, J Tellers for the Noes

Mr. Harbord, ( With the Noes, J

Sir Rich. Oately, f Tellers for the Yeas: 7

Colonel Kirkby, \ With the Yeas, j

And so it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That these Words, " which of them shall first happen," be struck out of the Bill.

Which was done accordingly.

The Question being put, To adjourn the further Debate of the Matter upon the Bill till Tomorrow, at Nine of the Clock in the Morning,

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

2)ieMartisy 230 Junii, 150 . IT*1.

Prayers.

AN additional Bill for the Relief of the Poor was read the Second time.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of Westminster was read. Resolved, &c. That the said Bill, and Petition, be committed to Mr. Ashburnham, Sir Rich. Everard, Mr.

ler, Sir Fra. Goodrich Mr. Attorney of the Duchy, Sir Job Charlton, Sir John BirkinhMr. , Sir Wm.

Tirringham, Sir Geo. Downing, Sir Bain. Mr. Clifford, Colonel Reames, Sir Tho. Wendy, Sir Hen.

Newton, Sir Phil. Warwick, Sir Rich. Onslow, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Tho. Gower, Mr. Sir

Wm. Lowther, Sir Nich. Steward, Sir John Shaw, Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir John Holland, Sir John Talbot, Mr. Weji-f baling. Sir Rich. Oatley, Sir Hum. Winch, Mr. Crouch, Sir John Brampjton, Mr. Pleydall, Sir Gilbert Gerrard,

Mr. Jones, Dr. Quatremaine, Mr. Hoby, Sir Wm. More-

ton, Mr. Williams, Mr. Morice, Colonel Legg, Sir Sol. Swale, Mr. Progers, Mr. Collins, Sir Hen. Mr.

Knight, Mr. Whorwood, Sir John Rouse, Sir Antb. Irby, Mr. Kent, Sir Cliff. Clifton, Sir Cha. Cottrell, Colonel Edm. Windham, Colonel Edw. Phillips, Sir Hen. Worjley, Sir Tho. Strickland, Sir John Bennett, Mr. Jay, Mr. Wandesford, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Pepis, Mr. Darnell, Colonel Gilby, Mr. John Vaughan, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir John Nicholas, and all the Members of this House that serve for London, Westminster, Middlesex, and Surrey; and all the Members of this House, that are Members of the Corporation for the Poor: And they are to meet on Thursday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill to prevent the Increase of new Buildings in and about the Cities of London and Westminster was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be committed to the same Committee, to which the additional Bill for Relief of the Poor is committed: And they are to meet on Friday next. In the Exchequer-Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Bill for the settling the Marshes, fresh or salt, that shall be gained from the Sea, be read on Thursday next.

Resolved, See. That the Bill for the Draining of Bedford Level, with the several Amendments, Clauses, and Provisoes agreed to, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the House will, on Thursday next, proceed in the further Debate of the Matter, upon the Bill to prevent the Meetings of Sectaries, Non-conformists, and Dissenters from the Church of England.

Ordered, That the House will, on Morning next, if the Time will serve, proceed in the further Consideration of the Report concerning the Clothiers: But if the

other publick Business, which is to have Preference, will not give Leave, that then the House will fit on Friday in the Afternoon, for Dispatch of this Business.

Ordered, That the additional Bill, concerning the Ex-cife, be read the Second time on Friday Morning next, the first Bill.

The House did then relume the Debate Of the Matter* upon the Report of the Committee of the whole House, touching the King's Majesty's present Supply, by way of Subsidy.

Resolved, See. That there be a Restriction aS to the real Value of Goods; having Regard to Debts and other necessary Expences, . with relation to former Precedents of Subsidies, in the Reigns of King James and King Charles the First, in the Manner of Taxing and Levying thereof.

Resolved\See. That this House doth agree with the Committee of the whole House, that the Proportion of a Subsidy of Land shall be Four Shillings per Pound.

Resolved, Sec. That the House doth agree with the . Committee of the whole House, That the Proportion of a Subsidy upon Goods shall be Two Shillings and Eight-pence in the Pound.

Resolved, Sec. Nemine contradicente. That the King's Majesty shall have Four Subsidies granted him, for his present Supply.

Resolved, Sec. Nemine contradicente. That these Four Subsidies be paid by the First Day of May next.

Resolved, Sec. Nemine contradicente. That the Two first of the Four Subsidies shall be raised, and paid, by the First Day of November next.

Ordered, That it be recommended to Sir Heneage Finch, his Majesty's Sollicitor-General, to prepare and bring in a Bill, according to ancient Form, and pursuant to the Votes and Directions of the House.

Resolved, That all Committees, that were Yesterday discontinued, be revived; and do fit this Afternoon, in the Places formerly appointed.

' The House adjourned till Thursday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Jovisy 250 Junity 150 Car. IIdi*

Prayers.

cpfOhn Baptist Peters did, this Day, take the Oaths of J Allegiance and Supremacy, before Mr. Speaker, at the Clerk's Table, in order to his being naturalized.

Ordered, That John Gibbons, being committed to the 'Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, for a Breach of Privilege, in suing Nicholas Sampson, an Agent of Sir Courtney Poole's, touching certain Tythes, to‘ which Sir Courtney makes Title; having been taken into Custody, and submitted; be discharged of his Commitment, paying his Fees.

Ordered, That all Proceedings at the Common Law, and in the Exchequer, against Sir Courtney Poole's Agents, his Tenants, or Servants, touching the Tythes of the Rectory of Collyton, Shute, and Monckton, in the County of Devon, be flayed, during the Session of this Parliament.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for Naturalizing of Dame Elizabeth Jacob, and others, is committed, be revived; and do meet on Saturday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Place formerly appointed.

Sir Solomon Swale reports, from the Committee to which the ingrossed Bill, font from the Lords, for settling the Lands of the Earl of Kent, and the Lord Lucas, on 6 N the

CajoriLz

io Journals of the House of Commons.

the Marriage of the said Earl with the Daughter and Heir-apparent of the said Lord was committed.

That the Committee had carefully perused the Bill; and found no Cause to make any Alteration or Amendment thereto: And delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

A Petition of the Lady Penelope Lucas being tendered, and taken into Consideration;

Resolved, That the said Petition be referred to the former Committee: And that the Committee be revived; and do fit this Afternoon at Two of the Clock: And they are to examine the Matter of the said Petition; and report their Opinions therein to the House.

A Bill for the settling the salt and fresh Marshes, gained from the Sea, was this Day read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for the regulating and ordering the Fishing-Trade was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved,&c. That the said Bill be committed to the Committee of Trade: And that the Committee be revived: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer-Chamber: And all the Members of this House, that serve for the Cinque-Ports, or any Port-Towns, are added to the Committee: And all the Members of this House, that shall come, are to have Votes. And it is referred to the said Committee, to provide and bring in a Clause for regulating and ordering the Pilchard-Fishing; and also an Enacting Ckufe to repeal the Act for the Importing, of Madder, to be added, and made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Report upon the Bill touching the Poll-Office and Wine-Licences be heard Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill concerning the Court sea be read Tomorrow Morning.

4 - -

The House did then resume the Debate upon the Bill against the Meetings of Sectaries, and other Dissenters from the Church of England.

The Question being put, That the Word " all " shall Hand in the Bill;

It patied in the Negative.

The Question being put, That the Bill be re-committed;

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put. That the Bill, with the several Amendments, be ingrafted;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Bill for Subsidies, brought in by Mr. Sollicitor-General, be read Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Veneris, 26 die yunit, 150 Car.

Prayers.

ORdered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Writ for Electing of a Member to serve in the Head of Mr. Serjeant Keeling.

A Petition of Robert Tumor was read.

Ordered, That this Petition be referred to the Committee of the King's Majesty's Revenue; to examine the Matter of the Petition , and report their Opinions therein to the House.

Ordered, That all such Members of this House as have not yet paid in the Money, which, by Order made the Sixteenth Day of May 1662, they were to have paid, to

4

be distributed amongst the Officers attending this House, do forthwith pay the same into the Hands of Mr. Marsh, Deputy to the Clerk of this House: And that all the Members of this House do now anew contribute and pay for the Use of the Officers attending this House, every Knight of the Shire Ten Shillings, and every Burgeft, Citizen, and Baron of Cinque-Port, the Sum of Five Shillings apiece, within a Sevennight next, into the Hands of the said Mr. Marsh, to be distributed amongst the said Officers, in such Manner and Proportion as Mr. Speaker shall direct.

A Bill concerning the Court of Marshalsea was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved', &c. That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Yorke, Sir Tho. Meeres, Mr. , Sir Lane. Lake, Mr.

Heathr^Sk John Cotton, Mr. , Serjeant Sir James Smith, Sir Edward Masters, Sir Bain. morton, Lord Fanshaw, Sir Tho. Allan, Sir Tho.

Mr. Weflpbaling, Sir Tho. Gowre, Mr. Morrice, Mr.

Vaughan, Sir Tho. Tompkins, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. ler, Sir Wm. Fleetwood, Sir Clem. Throckmorton, Sir John Bramston, Mr. Goddard, Sir John Fredericke, Sir Rich. Temple, Sir Hump. Winch, Mr. Clifford, Sir

Sir John Moreton, Colonel Windham, Sir John Norton, Sir Justinian IJbam , Mr. Jones, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Charles Harbord, Mr. Chetwyn, Mr. Law. Hide, Sir Nicholas Steward, Colonel Reames, Sir John Sir

Solomon Swale, Sir Wm. Lowther, Mr. Kent, Mr. , Sir Wm. Tompson, Colonel Kirkby, Mr. Midward, Mr. Pryn, Lord Richardson, Sir Richard Everard, Sir Rich.

Francklyn, Sir Robert Brooke, Mr. Garraway, Mr. Pepis, Sir Clifford Clifton, Mr. Jones, Sir Edmund Mr.

Whorwood, Sir Charles Huffey, and all the Members of this House, that serve for the several Counties of , Surrey, Kent, MidcKcfex, and Hartfordshire; and all the

Members of this House that are of the Long Robe: And all the Members that shall come to the Committee, are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock, in the Exchequer-Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Report of the Bill for the Draining of Lindsey Level be peremptorily heard on Tuesday Morning, the first Report of that Day.

Ordered, That the Committee, appointed to inspect the Bill for the Highways, be revived; and do fit this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Place formerly appointed.

Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill for the Draining of Bedford Level be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the ingrafted Bills against: Conventicles, and to prevent the Growth of Popery, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the House do fit this Afternoon; and the Bill of Subsidies be then read the first Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill touching Grants of Offices in the City of London be read this Afternoon.

Ordered, That the House will, on Tuesday Morning,' proceed on the Report concerning the Clothiers.

Mr. Secretary Morrice reports, from his Majesty, That his Majesty had been graciously pleased to return an Answer, in Writing, to the Message, sent to him from this House, touching Commissions issued for Discovery of Lands gained from the Sea: Which he delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Which was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Charles

IT IS Majesty believes, that all Commission^ v^hich have been UTued since His Return, for Discovery of Lands gained from the Sea, have been well deliberated upon, by the Ministers of the Revenue \ and that the same are fliued out regularly': But if there had been any Irregularity or Miscarriage in the Execution thereof. His Majesty is well content, that all such who have been guilty of the lame, should be strictly prosecuted, and feverdy punished: And as His Majesty doth not believe, that many (if any) Grants have been passed by His Majesty, upon such Commissions (in the Consideration whereof His Majesty hath taken, some Pains,- and heard any Persons Who have objected against the fame); so He will not pass any such Grants, but upon very good Deliberation, and Assurance from His Counsel at Law, that such Grants are Very legal.

Resolved, &c. That the humble Thanks of this House be returned to his Majesty, for his gracious Message.

And Mr. Secretary Morice is desired to return the Thanks of this House to his Majesty.

Mr, Secretary Morice did further acquaint the House, That he had received Command from his Majesty to declare to the House, That the Earl of Bristol was the Person that did deliver the Message from Sir Richard Temple to his Majesty.

Resolved,&c. That the humble Thanks of this House be returned to his Majesty, for his gracious Message, in relation to the Matter concerning Sir Richard Temple.

And Mr. Secretary Morice is to return the Thanks of this House to his Majesty.

Resolved, &c.t That a Copy of the first Message sent hither by his Majesty, against Sir Richard , be sent to the Earl of Briftoll: And he be made acquainted. That the King hath sent Word to this House, That he brought the Message to him, from Sir Richard Temple; and his Answer desired, Whether Sir Richard Temple did desire him so to do.

Ordered, That Mr. John Vaughan and Mr. Garwaj do attend the Earl of Briftoll with this Message.

Ordered, That Sir George Cartwright have the Leave of this House to be examined, as a Witness, before^the Lords, in the same of the Lord Gerrard.

The House adjourns till Two of the Clock this Afternoon.

Toft Meridiem.

AMendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill lent from this House, for repairing of Wells Key, in the County of Norfolke, were twice read; and, on the Question, severally agreed to.

The Bill, with the Amendments, being read the Third ti me *,

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, and the Amendments, be agreed to: And that the Bill be sent back to the Lords. And Sir Win. Doyley is to carry up *the lame.

A Bill for settling the Possession of all Marshes, fresh or salt, gained, or to be gained, from the Sea, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Sir John Norton, Sir Antb. Irby, Mr. Lord -

son. Sir Lane. Lake, Colonel Kirkby, Mr. Gawdy, Mr.

Knight, Sir Cha. Huffey, Sir Ralph Hare, Sir Bain. Throckmorton, Sir Rich. Onslow, Sir Hen. , Sir John Ho-

thorn, Mr. Cornwallis, Mr: Pepis, Mr. , Sir Cha.

Harbord>Colonel FretcbvillSir Tho. Mr. Palmar,

Mr. Cory, Sir Tho. Gower, Sir John Covert, Sir fames Smith, Mr. Harbord, Sir Ralph Banks, Mr. Chettwyn, Mr, Walker, Sir Fret. Goodrick, Mr. Kent, Mr. Jay, Sir Dolman, Colonel Gilby, Mr. WestpMr. Barmby, Sir

Rich. 0alley, Mr. Wm. Sandis, Sir Mr. Tay-

lor, Mr. Street, Sir Geo. Ryve, Mr. Dennis, Sir Hen. Lea, Mr, Whorwood, Colonel Sandis, Mr. Gar raw ay, Mr. Knowllys, Sir Courtney Poole: And all the Members of this House that serve for the Cinque-Ports, or any Sea-Ports',

»e hereby appointed to be of die Committee: And all the Members of this House, that shall come to the Committee, are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock, in the Exchequer-Chain* ber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Bill of Subsidies was this Day read the First time.'

Resolved, That this Bill be read the Second time qn Tuesday Morning next.

Six Charles Harbord reports, from the Committee to which the Bill against Butchers felling live fat Cattle was committed, some Amendments to be made to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and, after, did deliver the same in at the Clerk's Table.

And the Amendments being twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to;

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Sir Charles Harbord reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for assigning Bills and Bonds was committed, several Amendments to be made to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Which Amendments were read the First time.

And the several Amendments, precedent to the Amendment to the One-and-twentieth fine of the First Folio, were read the Second time; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Amendment to the One-and-twentieth Line of the First Folio were read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Word Two" be inferred, instead of the Word " One."

Which was done.

Resolved, That the Amendments, with the Alterations,' be agreed to.

The rest of the Amendments, precedent to the Amendment to the Eleventh Line of the Second Folio, were read the Second time; and, on the Question, agreed to.

The Amendment to the Eleventh Line of the Second Folib was read the Second time.

Ordered, That these Words, " and for so much as he is a real Debtor, " be inserted in the Amendment, after the Word " Crown."

Which was done.

Resolved, That the Amendment, with the Addition,' be agreed to.

The next Amendment was read the Second time; and, on the Question, agreed to.

The last Amendment was read the Second time.

Ordered, That these Words, " which shall remain in the same Condition, as they were before the Making of this Act," be inserted in the Amendment, after Fa-stors. "

Which was done; and the Amendment, with this Addition, on the Question, agreed to.

Some Debate arising upon the Bill;

Resolved, That the Bill be re-committed to the former Committee, upon the present Debate of the House: And the Committee are revived; and to meet Tomorrow a( Two of the Clock, in the Place formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourns till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbat

Journals of the House of Commons. A. i66f

*12.

Sabbatiy ij 0 die Junii, 150 Car. IId!.

Prayers.

A Bill for the enabling the Officers and Soldiers, who have faithfully served his Majesty, and his Royal Father, in the late Rebellion, to exercise Trades, was read the First time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read the Second time on Tuesday Morning.

Ordered, That the House will fit this Afternoon, for the Reading and Dispatch of the ingrafted Bill concerning Bedford Level.

Mr. Seymour reports, from die Committee, to which the Proviso touching such as had Patents for felling Wine by Retale was committed. That the Committee had perilled the Proviso 5 and made Two Amendments thereto, by adding the Word or," in the Line of the Proviso , and by adding the Words 14 Virtue and, " in the Line of the Proviso: Which Amendments were twice read , and agreed to.

The Question being put. That there be a Restriction, as to the original Patentees, their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators only-.

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put. That the Proviso, with the Amendments agreed to, be made Part of the Bill;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Proviso and Amendments agreed to, be ingrafted.

Mr. Vaughan reports, That, according to the Order of -this House, he, and Mr. Garraway, had attended the Earl of Briftoll; and had acquainted him with the Order of

this House and with the Transcript of so much of his Majesty's Message, as did relate to the Message which he did receive from Sir Richard Temple: And that his Lordship did render his most humble and hearty Thanks to this House, That, in such an important Matter, and so much concerning his Honour, they did signify their Desires to him in so obliging a Manner: But, in regard the Thing was of so great Consequence, partly relating to his Majesty, and also concerning his own Honour, and the Reputation of a Member of this House, he could not intrust any other Person to deliver his Answer, for Fear of Mistakes which might thereby happen and because he might probably, if present, clear any Matter which might further accrue: And, therefore, that he might give full Satisfaction to so illustrious a Representative of his Country, he desired a Day might be prefixed, when he might be admitted to give an Account to the House, in Person, concerning this Matter: And that he would make his Address to the Lords, that he might be permitted so to do.

Resolved, Sec. That Wednesda next be appointed for the Earl of Briftoll personally to give in his Answer to the House, in the Matter concerning Sir Richard T according to his Lordship'sDefire: And that Mr. Vaughan, or Mr. Garraway, or either of them, do acquaint him

with this Vote.

The ingrafted Bill to prevent the Growth of Popery..... Ordered, That the Words "Twenty-ninth of "

be inserted, in the stead of the " Twenty-fourth of ." Which was done and thrice read -, and agreed to Ordered, That the Word " Fourteen " be inserted, instead of the Word " Sixteen."

Which was done , and thrice read -, and agreed to.

The Question being put, That the Bill do pals;

It was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title shall be. An Act to prevent the Growth of Popery.

And Mr. Secretary Morrice is to carry up the Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Bill against Conventicles be read on Tuesday Morning at Teh of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Report of the Bill for the Draining of Undfey Level be heard on Thursday Morning next.

And then the House adjourns till Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Post Meridiem.

Tf Ltzabeth Jacob and Margaret Jacob did, this Day, take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, in.ordej: to their Naturalization.

A Bill for the Relief of such Persons, who, by reason of their Absence beyond the Seas, Imprisonment, Sick-ness, or Inadvertency, were hindered from subscribing the Declaration in the Act of Uniformity, was read the Second time.

Resolved, Sec. That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Crouch, Mr. IVftphaling. Colonel Mr. Pepis, Mr.

Milward, Sir Robert Holt, Mr. Lord Ri-

ebardson, Mr Coventry, Sit Hen. Nor thy Sir Charles Cot-

trell, Sir Tho.JViddrington, Sir Lane. , Sir Compton, Sir Anthony Irby, Sir Wm. Sir Henry Newton, Sir Tho. Doleman, Mr. Sir Ralph Hare, Mr. Kent, Mr. Lowther, Sir Courtney Poole, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Tho. Lee, Colonel Williams, Sir Richard Oately, Mr. Tayler, Sir Tho. Wendy, Mr. Whorwood: And they are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber, on Turf-day next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrafted Bill for settling the Draining of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, was read.

Some Amendments were ordered to be made, and Blanks filled up, as to the Names of Commissioners.

Which was done accordingly at the Table j and the same thrice read; and agreed to.

Resolved, That these Words, " which, for Nonpayment, are, by virtue of this Act, to be levied by Sale of the Lands," be inserted,'in the Fifteenth Line of due Tenth Press of the Bill.

Which was done; and thrice read; and agreed to Resolved, Sec. That -the Word made" be added, after the Word 44 be," in the Two-and-thirtieth Line of the One-and-twentieth Press.

Which was done; and thrice read; and agreed to Resolved, Sec. That these Words, 44 and hold such Proportion in Severalty at all Times of the Year," be inserted, in the Line of the Press.

Which was done; and thrice read; and agreed to.

A Proviso, on the Behalf of Mr. Thomas Chicheley, was thrice read:

Resolved, Sec. That the said Proviso be agreed to, and made Part of the Bill.

Another Proviso, on the Behalf of Mr. Offiey, was once read:

The Question being put, That the Proviso be read the Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Provifp, concerning the Bank on the North-Side of Wifbitch, was read:

The Question being put. That the Proviso be read the Second time

It passed in the Negative.

Another Proviso, touching Changing of Allotments, was read twice:

The Question being put. That this Proviso be read the Third time;

It passed in the Negative.

A Proviso against Pulling down of Banks was read the First time:

The

The Question being put. That this Provilb be read the Second time ,'

It passed in the Negative.

A Provilb was tendered, for saving the Rights of Lords; and thrice read:

Ordered, That these Words, " not prejudicial to the Draining," be inserted in the Proviso.

Which was done , and the Words thrice read; and agreed to.

The Question being put. That the Proviso, so amended, be made Part of the Bill;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That these Words, " or caused to be made," be added, after the Word " made," in the Line of the Press.

The Question being put, That these Wbrds, " within or without the Level, unleu these be feme Agreement to the contrary," be inserted into the Bill;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

‘ Another Proviso, for laving an Act of 4.* Jde. was thrice read.

Resolved, That the said Proviso be made Part of the

Bill.

Resolved, That the said Bill do pals: And that the Title shall be. An Act for settling the Draining of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level.

And Sir 'Thomas Littleton is to carry up the Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tttefday Morning at Eight of the Clock.

Die Marlts, 30° Junity 150 Car. IIdi.

Two of the Clock, in the several Places formerly1 appointed.

9

Upon Information given to the House, bn the Behalf of Sir Richard Oateley, That Robert Madox had caused Actions to be brought, in Ejectment, against the said Sir Richard Oateley, and his Tenants, to try the Tide of certain Lands in the County of Salop, to which the said Sir Richard makes Claim; in Breach of the Privilege of this House j

Ordered, That all further Proceedings at Law against Sir Richard Oateley, and his Tenants, by Robert Maddox, or his Agents, be stayed during the Session of this present Parliament.

Mr. Milward reports, from the Committee to which the

Bill for confirming a Sale of Lands, made by Sir Robert Howard, was committed. That the Committee had carefully perused the Bill , and heard all Parties concerned; and had agreed feme Amendments to be made to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place i and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

And the Amendments being twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to;

Resolved, &c. That these Words, " at Four Pounds per Centum," be inserted in the Bill, instead of the Words as the Law shall allow."

Which was done accordingly.

Resolved, See. That the Bill, with the Amendments and Alterations agreed to, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Committee, appointed to inspect the Act for regulating the Prels, be revived; and do fie Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Place formerly appointed.

Prayers.

ILflchael Vandermarsh did, this Day, take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, in order to his being naturalized.

A Bill concerning the Grants of Offices in London was read the Second time.

The Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Sir Tho. Tompkins, f Tellers for the Yeas: \

Sir John Birkinhead, \ With the Yeas, 3

Sir William Tompson, X Tellers for the Noes: 7

Mr. Jones, \ With the Noes, J ^5*

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cory, Sir John Birkenhead, Mr. George, Lord Fanshaw, Sir Tho. Gowre, Sir Wm.

ther. Sir Norton Knatcbbold, Mr. Crouch, Sir Francis Goodrich, Mr. Milward, Sir Wm. Fleetwood, Sir Tho. Tompkins, Mr. Pepis, Sir Hen.Worsely, Mr. Moore, Mr. Rigby, Sir John Shaw, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Street, Mr.

Westphaling, Mr. Evelyn, Sir Rich. Browne, Mr. way, Mr Torke, Lord Bruce, Sir Moreton, Sir Edm.

Peirfe, Mr. Turgis, Sir George Mr. Morrice, Sir

Thomas Allan, Sir Hump. Winch, Sir John Holland, Mr. Daniell, Sir Sol. Swale, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Wm. Thompson. Sir Rich. Oateley, Sir Theop. Biddulph, Mr. Knight, Mr. Clifford, Mr. Tayler, Sir Henry Bennett, Sir Wm. Smith, Mr. Waring, Sir James Smith, Mr. Whorwood, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Jones, S\r Richard Everar Mr. Vaughan:

And they are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber, Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon; and to summon and hear the Parties concerned: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Committee, to which the Matter touching the Hackney-Coachmen was committed, be revived; and do fit Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, at the Place formerly appointed.

Ordered, That all Committees which are discontinued be revived , and do fit Tomorrow in the Afternoon at

Ordered, That the House will fit this Afternoon, for the Reading of the Bill of Subsidies the Second time; and will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the said Bill.

The ingrafted Bill to prevent the Meeting of Seftaries, Un-conformists, and Dissenters from the Church of England, was read.

A Proviso was tendered, on the Behalf of such as were aiding and assisting to the Duke of and Earl

of Sandwich, in restoring his Majesty; and read.

The Question being put. That the Proviso be read the Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Proviso, on the Behalf of such as do frequent the Service at the Church, and receive the Sacrament thrice every Year, was read.

The Question being put, That the Proviso be read the Second time,

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

("Tellers for the Yeas: 7 0 I With the Yeas, f 9‘ f Tellers for the Noes:

I With the Noes, 4* And so it passed in the Negative.

A Proviso was tendered to be added to the Bill, for prosecuting for Offences against the Act by a Time.

And some Amendments being made thereto; and, upon the Question, agreed,

Resolved, Sc. c. That the Proviso be made Part of the Bill.

Sir Robert Holt,

Mr. Birch,

Colonel Strangwayes, Mr. Strickland,

Another Proviso was tendered; and once read.

The Question being put. That the Proviso be read the Second timej It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put. That these Words, " and being met, under Pretence of any Exercise of Religion, in other Manner than is allowed by the Liturgy of the Church of England," be added in the Bill, after die Word w Family j"

‘ *<5 0 Which

-by

Journals of the House of Commons.

Sir Tho. Littleton, Tellers for the Noes :7 Sir John Talbott, \ With the Naej, J And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, &c. That the Title shall be. An Act to prevent the unlawful Meetings of Sectaries, Non-confomufts, and Diflencersfrom the Church of England-,

And the Lord is to carry up the said Bill to

the Lords.

t

The House adjourns, till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

di

Mercurii, primo dti J II

Prayers.

A ^.additional Bill- for the better regulating and/col-leftitfg the Duty of Excise was read the Second time. Resolved,&c. That the said Bill be committed to Sir ThamasGewrf, Mr. Knight, Sir Tho. Allan, Sir 'Lowther, Mr. Torke, Mr. Trelawney, Sir Sir

Edits. Ma/hrsy Sir Edm.Pye, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Heath, Mr. Finch f Six E Sfr Fane. Lake,

Sir Solor Swale,. Sir The. Tompkins, Colonel Reames, Mr. Pepis, Mr. Collins, Mr. Jolley, Mr. Kent, Sir Wm. Dry-ley, Six Rowland Berkley, Sir Francis Goodricke, S\xJVm7 Thompson, Colonel Gilby, Mx. C Morrice, Co-

lonel Windham, Mr. Jay, Sir John Newton, Mr. j Sir George Hew, Mr. Chettwyn, Mr. Gar away. Sir Rich. Onslow, Sac George Downing, Sir John Nicholas, Sir John Norton, Sir Charles Cottrell, Sir Edm. Peirfe, Mr. Whor-wood. Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. George, Mr. Wandesford, Sir Bain. Throckmorton, Sir Rich.Oateley, Sir Nicholas Steward, Sir John Fredericke, Sir Antho. Irby, Dr.

Sir Robert Howard, Sir Hen. Bennett, Mr. Jones, Sir Richard Everard, Mr. Moore, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Courtney Poole, Sir The. Littleton, Colon Sir John Shaw, Sir Jeoffrey Shackerly, Colonel Kirkby, Sir Tho. Peyton, Lord Ancram, Sir John Holland, Sir Harbord, Sir Edm. Bowyer, Mr. Phillips, Colonel Fr vile, Mr. Afburnbam, Sir John Gaudy, Sir Braham,

Sir Rich. Temple, Sir Clement Throckmorton, Mr. Grey, Mr. Weld, Colonel Egerton, Sir Mr.

Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Sir Philip Warwicke, Mr. Bofcawen, Mr. Strangzvayes, Sir Rich. M, Serjeant Charle-ton, Mr. Windham,. Sir George Reeve, Mr. Mr. Chowne: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock, in the Exchequer-Chamber, in the Afternoon: Arid to receive Proposals for regulating Abuses, and better ordering the Duty of Excise: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That all Members that come to the Committee, to which the Bill concerning the Grants of Offices in London is committed, shall have Voices thereat.

A Bill to confirm an Act made by the Convention, for naturalizing Peter de la Peire alias Peters, and John de la Peire alias Peters, was read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

The House having received Information, That the Earl of Brijloll was at the Door; and did pray Admittance into the House, to give an Account, in Person, of the Matter concerning Sir Richard Temple, according to the Vote of the House passed, upon his Lordship's Delire in that Behalf, on the Twenty-seventh of June lait;

His Lordship was, by Direction of the House, placed in a Chair, set for him on Purpose, on the Left Side of the House, within the Bar: And Mr. Speaker did open unto him his Majesty's Message, and the Votes and Proceedings of the House thereupon, concerning Sir Richard Temple.

And his Lordship having delivered his Answer thereto -in the House,

' And being withdrawn;

: The House proceeded in the Debate of the Matter.

2 Resolved,

Vd

- Which vlas doney and the Words thrice ready and

agreed to;

Ordered, That the Word " effectual* be inserted, in-^ead of Iharp." "

Which was done; and thrice read 5 and agreed to Ordered, That thfe Word " be" be inserted, instead of " or."

Which was done; and thrice read; and agreed to Another Provifbyon the Behalf of Foreign Churches, was twice read.

The Question being put, That this Provilb be read the Third time;

It passed in the Negative; '

Resolved, That these Words, " in pursuance of fucll Military Commission," be added, after the Word "

|n the Bill. -

Which was done; and thrice read; and agreed to -Another Proviso was 'tendered, on the Behalf of such as should conform by a Time, was read- thrice.

The Question being put. That these Words, " the Service to his Mailer only excepted," be added in the Proviso; ..... '

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Sir Wm. Gawdy, f Tellers for the Yeas: 7

Six Tho. Meeres,' \ With the Yeas, j

Sir John Talbott,£ Tellers for the Noes '

Colonel Kirkby, \ With the Noes, j And so it was resolved in the Affirmative:

And the Words thrice -read; and agreed to.

The Question being put, That this Proviso, so amended, be made Part of the Bill;

It was resolved in the Affirmative;

' Resolved, That the Clause, beginning with the Word " and ending with the Word " be struck out of the Bill. -

Which was done accordingly.

Resolved, That the Clause, beginning with the Word " ," and ending with the Word " .* ," be struck out of the Bill.

Which was done accordingly.

A Provilb for making the Bill Temporary was thrice read.

Resolved, That the said Proviso be made Part of the Bill. . A Clause was tendered, for Supply of vacant Livings. The Question being put. That the Provilb be read;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Provilb, against transporting Persons without Licence from the King, or his Privy-Council, was tendered.

' The Question being put. That the Proviso be read;

It pafieB in the Negative.

Another Proviso, on the Behalf of such 'as are upon, or beyond tire Seas, was thrice read.

Resolved, That the said Proviso be made Part of the

Bin.

Ordered, That " September" be inserted, instead of " Ruguftf' in such Places of the Bill as is now.

Which was done; and thrice read; and agreed to Ordered, That these Words, " or which he or they respectively, are hereby impowered to administer," be inserted in the Bill.,

Winch was done; and thrice read; and agreed to Ordered, That these Words, " which said Oaths and Subscription. the Justice of Peace is hereby impowered to administer and receive," be inserted into the Bill.

- Which was done; and thrice read; and agreed to Ordered, That these Words, " that I am heartily sorry

for the Offence whereof I Hand convicted,"' be inserted ift the Bill y and the particular Clause be omitted.

Which was done; and the Words thrice read; and agreed to.

The' Question being put. That the Bill do pals;

The House was divided.

- The' Yeas went out.

Mr. Cotton, . .....FTellers for the Yeas:7 1

Mr. Newton, £ With the Yeas', J I25‘ -

15 Car.. II.

journals of the Jloiife of Commons.

- Resolved, &c.Tha£ this House isiatisfied; That Sir Richard "Temple, hath not broke any Privilege of this House, in the Matter in Question concerning him.

Resolved, That this Return be made froth the House, to the Answer Qf the Earl of u That the

Earl of Brijtoll, in the Account which, he hath given this House, in the Matter concerning Sir Richard hath carried hijjiself with all Dutifulnefe towards his Majesty; hath cleared the Member of this House; and that the House is well satisfied with his Respect to them, c: His Lordship was again called in: And Mr. Speaker did acquaint him widi>the Return Of the Housei- i Ordered, That such Members of this House; as ate of

his Majesty's Privy-Council, do acquaint his Majesty with the Yx)te of the House, concerning Sir Richard Temple.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Temple have the Leave of this House, to petition his. Majesty for his Favour; and to give him Satisfaction, as to the other Informations mentioned in his Majesty's Message.

The House adjourns till Tomorrow Morning Eight of the Clock. ' ' '

Jovis, feGiindo die Julii, j 50 IIdl.

Prayers. ....

PON Information, That Sir Waketnan had, on the Twenty-ninth Day of June last, caused Pro1 Eels, of Subpoena to be served on Sir , Sir

Ralph Bancks, and Charles Co,. Members of this

House, to hear Judgment in a Cause depending in Chancery; in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That all further Proceedings in the said Cause in Chancery, against the said Sir Tho. Sir Ralph

Bancks, and Mr. Charles Corne, be stayed, during the Session of this present Parliament.

Sir Solomon Swale reports, from the Committee td which (he Bill for fading the Lands of the Earl of Kent, and the Lord Lucas, on the Marriage of the said Earl with the Daughter and -Heir-apparent of the said Lord was committed, and to whom the Petition of the Lady Penelope Lucas . referred. That the Committee had since rhet, and heard the Petitioner; and, by Consent of the Petitioners, had again returned the Bill, without any Alteration or Amendment.

Which Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be agreed to.

Rejoked, That the Title of the said Bill be agreed to.

And Sir Thomas Littleton is to' carry back the said Bill <0 the Lords.

- A Message from the Lords, by Sir and SirToby Woolrich;

" Mr. Speaker, The Lords have returned you Two Bills: The one, intituled, An Act for the better Observation of the Lord's Day *, and the other, intituled, An Act for the settling a Free-School in Witnessin the County of Oxon, being erected and endowed by Box, Citizen and Grocer of London, deceased; with some Amendments to each of the said Bills: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Sir Richard Everard reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for Naturalizing of Dame Elizabeth Jacoby and odiers, was committed. That the Committee had made one Amendment to the said Bill: "Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place: And that the Committee had commanded him to acquaint the House, That Michael Vand&rvtdfb,. tpe Thirtieth of June, took the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, in order" to his being naturalized ;:but not having a Certificate, That he had received the Sacrament, the Committee were of Opinion, That they could not, by way of Amendment, insert his Name, into the Bill: And that dmefy Hardwicke, inferred-i^. the bilk hath not taken the Oaths of Allegiance and

.Supremacy, nor brought any Certificate of her rectiviffg the Sacrament, according to the Rules prescribed by the Church of England, she being in the.Country, in Childbed: And afterwards, delivered the said Bill and Amendment in to the CkrkV Table: Which laid Amendment was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to " The Question being put. That the Name of jfaely Hardwicke be left out of the" Bill

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put, That the Name of Mchail Vand&marsh.be inserted into the "Bat; -v i

i h; was. resolved in the Affirmative. . 1

Resolved, See, That the said Bill, with the Amend--ments, be ingossed; ."; 1 / ,** V

Sir George Downing reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for maintaining arid ordering the Eishing-Trade was committed, several Amendments to be-made to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in Jus Place; and aftery delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: And the fame, being twice fead. Were, upon the Question, severally agreed.

— Resolved, -That the said- Sift, with die Amendments

agreed to, be ingossed.

Ordered, That Leave be given for bringing in a Proviso, ingossed, to be added to the said Bill, to excuse Fishery-Beer from Excise: And it is referred to Sir D'otoning to take, case thereof. ' * , j

The Amendments, sent down from the Lords, to the Bill for better Obfayation, of the Lord's Day, were twice read; and, upon the Question, federally agreed.to. "

The Amendments, sent down from the Lords, to the Bill for WitnessSchool, Were twice read j and, upon, the; Question, severally agreed to.

The Question being put. That the Report of Level be heard this Day;

The House was divided.

The Noes went out! . r,:3

Sir Tho. Lee, £ Tellers for the Noes: 7 Sir Hen. Capell, \ With the Noes, J 74-

Colonel Reames, f Tellers for the Yeas: 7 ,

Sir Clifford Clifton,.- \ With the Yeas, £ 59*

And so it passed in die Negative.

Ordered, That the Repeat of Lindsey Level be pec-eaiptorily heard on Saturday next, at Nine of the Clock.

Ordered, That the House do. Tomorrow Morning at Nine of the Clock, proceed on the Bill for the Militia,

Ordered, That the Lord Fanfhaw do carry up to the Lords idle Bill against Popery; the Bill against Convents clesand the Bill for Wells-Key.

The Bill for Subsidies was this I)ay read the Second rime.' '

Resolved, See.. That the said Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House: And that the House will, for that Purpose, resolvp itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow in the Afternoon.

Mr. Secretary Bennett did report, and deliver ip, from his Majesty, a Message, in Writing: Which was read twee; and is as followeth: Vi.

TJIS Majesty did hope. That the most important Bills; El depending, before- His-Two- Houses of Parliament, would have been diipatched before' this- Time, that a Re* cess might have been made; which, in many reljpe&s,

wiU

will be very necessary, the Season requiring it for Health, and the Kingdom generally wanting the Presence of the Members of Parliament; who have been too long from their several Countries j and to which their own private, as well as the publick Affairs will dispose them: The Judges will shordy be obliged to begin their Circuits *, and His Majesty is willing to refresh Himself, by some short Progress: And therefore His Majesty thinks fit -to declare. That he intends a Recess shall be on the Six-

teenth of this Month; and, in order thereunto, desires they would prepare those important Bills, which they think fit, to present to Him; for His Royal Afient, by -that Pay: And, in the mean time; His Majesty will resolve. Whether they shall come together again in the Winter, or in the Spring: In the taking of which Refo-Jution, He will as well confidier their Conveniencies, as the publick Service of the Kingdom.

Given at Whitehall, the Second Day of July 1663.

The House adjourns till Tomorrow Morning at Eight of the Clock.

V merit, tertio die J'u 150 Car. ir*,

Prayers.

f~\Rdered, That Mr. Henley and Mr. Crouch be added to the Committee, to which the additional Bill concerning the Exrife is committed: And all the Members of this House, that come to the said Committee; are to have Voices thereat.

A Bill for the confirming an Act for the Naturalization of Peter and John de la Piere alias , was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. .^hat the said Bill be ingossed.

A Bill to make void certain Conveyances made by the I x>rd Mollineuxin the late Times was read the Second

time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Petition of Merchants, Tradesmen, Artificers, and others, in and about the City of be referred to the Committee of the whole House, for the Bill of Subsidies; to take the same into Consideration j and report their Opinions thereupon to the House.

Mr. Crouch reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for the Relief of such Persons, who, by reason of their Absence beyond the Seas, Imprisonment, Sickness, or Inadvertency, were hindered from subscribing the Declaration in the Act of Uniformity, That the Committee had perused the said Bill and made some Amendments thereto: Which he read, with the Coherence; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

And the Amendments were twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

Resolved', That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

Ah ingossed Bill to prevent the Selling of live fat Catde by Butchers was read.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill do pals: And that the Title shall be, An Act to prevent the Selling of live fat Cattle by Butchers.

Another ingossed Bill, to confirm a Sale of certain Lands lying in Shropshire, made by Sir Robert,

to raise Money to pay his Debts, was read.

Resolved', &c. That the said Bill do pals: And that the Title shall be, An Act to confirm a Sale of certain Lands lying in Shropshire, made by Sir Robert , to raise

Money to pay his Debts.

A. 1663.

Another ingossed Bill, for Explaining and Inlarging of an Act made in 43° Eliz. for Relief of the Poor, was read.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be. An Act for Explaining and Inlarging of an Act made 430 Eliz. for Relief of the Poor.

Ordered, That Sir 'Thomas Littleton do carry up the ingossed Bills, passed this Day, to the Lords for their Concurrence.

1

Sir Charles Harbord reports, from the Committee to which the Bill against Pluralities of Ecclesiastical Benefices was committed. That the Committee had perused the Bill* and made some further Provilbes and Clauses, agreed by the Committee, to be made and added to the Bill: Which he opened, and read, with the Coherence, in his Places and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

And the First Proviso being twice read;

Ordered, That these Words, " after the Twenty-ninth Day of September next ensuing shall be," be inferred, after the Word " Person."

Ordered, That these Words, " together at one Time; and if any Person or Persons shall hold or enjoy," be inserted, after the Word " Promotions."

Resolved, That the Proviso, so amended, be agreed to.

The next Proviso was twice-read.

Ordered, That these Words, " whatsoever having," ....., and the Word " Forty" made " Fifty Pounds."

Resolvedi Sec. That the Proviso, lo amended, be agreed

to.

The Question being put. That the Clause concerning Ecclesiastical Dignities shall stand in the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

The Proviso concerning the Uniting of Parishes being twice read;

The Question being put. That the Clause do stand in the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

The last Proviso was twice read > and, on the Question,' agreed.

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill, with the Provilbes agreed to, be ingossed.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the Bill for the better ordering the Forces in the several Counties of this Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Milward took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker again took the Chair.

Mr. Milward reports, from the Committee, That the Committee had lat, and made some further Progreis in the Bill; and desired. That Monday next, the House would again resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Bill.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee; and that they will, on Monday Morning next, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to pro-; ceed in the further Consideration of the said Bill.

Upon Information of a Duel intended between the Earl of Sunderland, and Mr. Ruff ell,a Member of this House; and that Mr. Speaker had taken care to confine Mr. Ruf-

fell, till the Pleasure of the House were known;

Ordered, That Mr. Russell do attend the House Tomorrow Morning, to give an Account touching the Matter.

Post Meridiem.

AN ingossed Bill for the Naturalization of Dame Eliz. Jacob, and others....

Resolved, That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be, An Act for the Naturalization of Dame Elizabeth Jacob, and others: And Sir Richard Everard is to carry up the Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

Mr. Buller

Mr. Buller reports, from the Committee to which the

Bill for making good an A flu ranee of Charles Pit came Esquire ..... , That the Committee had met, and agreed several Amendments to be made to the said Bill: "Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Cltrk's Table: And the Amendments, being twice read, were, upon the Question, leve-rally agreed to.

Resolved, That the said Bill, with the Amendments agreed, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for confirming an . for the Naturalizing of Peter de la Peire alias , and John de la Peire alias Peters, was read.

Resolved, That the said Bill do pals: And that the Title shall be. An Act for confirming an Act for Naturalizing of Peter de la Piere alias Peters, and John de la Peire alias Peters:

And Mr. Thurbane is to carry up the Bill to the Lords.

Ordered, That Mr. Thurland be added to the Committee, to which the Bill concerning Sale and Fresh Marshes is committed.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take the Bill for Subsidies into Consideration.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Pryn took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker again took the Chair.

Mr. Pryn reports, from the Committee, That die Com-ftuttee had made some Progress in the said Bill , and desired, that the House would, on Monday next, again resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Com-tpittee; and that they will, on Monday next, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the said Bill.

The House adjourns till Tomorrow Morning at Eight of the Clock.

' n. 1 1 1 " ..... P 1 '

Sabbati, 40 dieJulii> 15° II*1.

Prayers.

A Bill to make void certain Conveyances, made by the Lord Mollineux in the late Times, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Sir Jcoffrey Shackerley, Mr. Milward, Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. Peps, Sir Tho. Allen, Colonel Reames, Mr. , Colonel Arundell, Mr. JVeflphaling, Sir Tompkins, Mr.

Knolles, Mr. Crooke, Colonel Prelawny, Mr. Finch, Colonel Strangwayes, Sir Rich. Oateley, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Pryn, Sir Geo.Reve, Mr. Mountague, Colonel Sir

'Tho. Gower, Mr. Knight, Sir John Shaw, Sir Clifton, Sir Cha. Berkley, Sir Anth. Sir Gilbert Ireland, Sir John Morton, Sir John Morley, Mr. Attorney ..... Duchy, Sir Tho. Dolernan, Sr I Pin.

Sir Jervas Clifton, Sir John Holland, Mr. Chowne, Mr. Carr away. Lord Fanshaw, Mr. Vaughan, Mr.

Sir George Courtcp, Sir Henry Peckham, Sir fVm. Tompson, Sir Rich. Everard, Mr. Whorwood, Sir John Bramston, Sir kVm. Doyley, Mr. Maurice, Sir Frederick, and

all the Members of this House that serve for the several Counties of Lancaster, Chester, and And they

are to meet at Two of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Clumber: And to End for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An additional Bill for the regulating Corporations was read.

The Question being put. That the Bill be thrown out: The Question being put. That the Question be now put j

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put. That the Bill be read the Second time;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

5 Tellers for the Yeai: J g

Sir Robert , Sir Courtny Poole, Mr. Buller,

Mr. Trelawny,

t With the Yeas,

5 Tellers for the Noes: I l With the Noes.

With the Noes,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That this Bill be reau the Second time on Tuesday next.

Sir John Birkinhead reports, from the Committee to which the Bill of Sir IVm. Killigrew was committed, several Amendments to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place , and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

The said Amendments were read the First time.

And the Amendments to the Fourth Line of the First Folio, the Seventh Line of the Second Folio, the Eighteenth Line of the Sixteenth Folio, and the Thirteenth Line of the Fourth Folio, were read the Second time; and, on the Question, severally agreed to.

The Amendment to the Fifteenth Line of the Sixteenth Folio was read the Second time:

Resolved, That this Amendment be postponed.

The next Amendment, to the Third Line of the Fifth' Folio, was read the Second time; and, on the Question, agreed to.

The next Amendment, to the Sixteenth Line of the Sixteenth Folio, was read the Second time; and, on the Qikftion, postponed.

The Amendments to the Seventeenth Line of the Sixteenth Folio, to the First Line of the Sixth Folio, the Ninth Line of the Ninth Folio, and the Tenth Line of the Eighteenth Folio, were read the Second time , and, on the Question, severally agreed to.

The Amendment to the Bill touching the nominating Commissioners by his Majesty, was read the Second time.

The Question being put. To agree to That Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The next Amendment to the Third Line of the Sixteenth Folio, touching the issuing Commissions to the Commissioners, was read the Second time.

The Question being put, To agree to This Amendment j

It passed in the Negative.

The lad Amendment, as to the Title, being read the Second time, was, on the Question, agreed to.

The House did then resume the Debate on the First Amendment, which was postponed.

The Question being put. To agree with the Committee;

The House was divided.

The Noes went out.

Sir John Birkenhead, 5 Tellers for the Yeas: \ -

Colonel Reames, * With the Yeas, r x*

Sir Charles Hufj'ey, 5 Tellers for the Noes:

Colonel Strangwayes, ‘ With the Noes, )

And so it Was resolved in the Negative.

The Question being put. That the Recompence for the Undertakers be referred to the Judicature }

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put, That the same Judicature of Judges, appointed in the Bill for Hatfeild Level, be alib appointed in this Bill for Lindsey Level j

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That it be referred to Sir Tho. Meres, Sir John Birkenhead, Mr. Street, Mr. Pryn, Serjeant -

ton. Lord Gorge, and Sir Thomas Gowre, or any Three of them, to prepare Clauses pursuant to these Votes; and to make the Bill cohere therewith.

Mr. Ritffell attending the House this Day, according to the Order Yesterday j *6P

?i8

Journals of the House of Commons I

Ordered, That Mr. Russell be injoined, by this House, not to receive, fend, or prosecute, any Challenge from, to, or with the Earl of Sunderland.

The House adjourns till to Monday Morning next, at Eight of the Clock.

Royal Highnefe the Duke of Torke, and the Heirs Males of his Body, was read.

A Proviso on the Behalf of the Haberdashers, and such as had served Apprenticeships to the Trade of a Vintner, was read the First time.

The Question being put. That the Proviso be read the Second time;

Die Dunce^ 6° Juliiy 150 Car. IIdi Regis.

Prayers.

DRdered, That Mr, Richard Ccoke have the Leave of

this House to go into the Country.

A Bill for enabling the Officers and Soldiers, who have faithfully served his Majesty, and his Royal Father, to exercise Trades, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir

Tompkins, Sir John BirkenheadSir Masters, Sir

Row. Berkley, Mr. Heath, Mr. , Lord

Mr. Jay, Colonel Arundell, Sir John Shaw, Mr. Pryn, Sir Robert Holt, Sir Clifford Oiffton, Mr. Rigby, Lord St. John, Sir John Bramston, Sir Abraham Cullen, Mr. Wal-

ler, Mr. Finch, Mr. Street, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Tho. Allan, Mr. Knight, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Garraway, Mr. Tur-gis, Mr. Westphaling, Sir Rich. Braham, Sir John Rouse, Mr. Jones, Sir John Marloe, Sir Rich. Oateley, Dr. Rush-ton, Mr. Buller: And all that come to the Committee are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That his Majesty be humbly moved. That he would be pleased to appoint a Day of Humiliation to deplore the Sins of the Nation, and implore God's Mercy for Diversion of his Judgments, and particularly of this anfeasonable Weather; and to pray his Blessing on the Proceedings of the Parliament.

Ordered, That the Concurrence of the Lords be desired to this Order:

And Mr. Waller is to carry up die Order to the Lords for their Concurrence.

The Lord An cram reports, from the Committee, to which the Bill for the taking away Damage Cleere was committed. That the Committee had agreed some Amendments to be made to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: And the Amendments were once read.

The first Amendment was read the Second time.

Ordered, That these Words, " in Actions where Damages are recoverable," be inserted, instead of " Suits, Actions," in the first Amendment.

Resolved, &c. That the Amendment, thus altered, be agreed.

The rest of the Amendments were read the Second time; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrafted.

- Sir Job Charleton reports, from the Committee of Elections, That the Committee, in the Cause between Sir Charles Cottrell and Sir Francis Lloyd, had examined the Matter; and were clearly satisfied, and of Opinion, That Sir Charles Cottrell had the Majority of Voices, and was duly eleCled for the Town of Cardigan.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That Sir Charles Cottrell was duly elected for the said Town of Cardigan, and ought to fit.

Ordered, That the Bill, touching the Arrears of Ex-cife, be reported Tomorrow Morning.

- An ingrafted Bill for settling the Profits of the Post-Office, and Power of granting \yine-Licences, on his

The House was divided. The Yeas went out.

Mr. Crouch,

Mr. Jones,

Mr. Coventry,

Sir AllanApjley,

eas:? s>

68.

"Tellers for the Yeas:

With the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes:?

With the Noes, J 95-And so it passed in the Negative.

A Proviso on the Behalf of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town of Saint Albans was twice read , and, on the Question, agreed.

Resolved, That the said Proviso be made Part of the Bill.

Another Provilb on the Behalf of the Two Universi-ties was read:

Resolved, That the said Proviso be agreed to; and made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be, An Act *.

Ordered, That Mr. Seymour do carry the Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence: And do put the Lords in' mind of the Bill for Advance of Trade; and desire them to expedite it.

Ordered, That the Lord Bruce his Report of the additional Bill, concerning the indigent loyal Officers, be hearef Tomorrow Morning, the first Business.

The House did then resolve into a Committee of the? whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the additional Bill for the better ordering the Forces of the several Counties of this Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Milward took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker again took the Chair.

Mr. Milward reports, from the Committee, That the Committee had lat, and made some further Progress in the Bill; and desired, that, Wnext, the House would again resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Bilk

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That they will, on Wednesday Morning next, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the said Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill of Subsidies be proceeded in Tomorrow Morning; and be the first and only Business.

Ordered, That the Committee, to which the additional Bill for Relief of the Poor is committed, be revived; and do fit this Afternoon, at the Place formerly appointed.

Ordered, That all Committees, which should have fat on Friday last, be revived; and do fit this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Places formerly appointed.

The House adjourns till Tomorrow Morning at Eight of the Clock.

Die Martisy y° juliiy 150 Car. IP1

Prayers.

THE House, in pursuance of the Order of Yesterday, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill of Subsidies.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Pryn took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker again took the Chair.

Mr.

Mr. Pryn reports, from the Committee, That they have made some further Progress in the said Bill; and that the Committee desired, That the House would appoint a Time for the Committee to proceed further in this Bill.

Resolved, That the House do fit this Afternoon: And that the Bill of Subsidies be then proceeded in.

And then the House adjourns till Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Pojt Meridiem.

THE House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill of Subsidies.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Pryn took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker again took the Chair.

Mr. Pryn reports, from the said Committee, That the Committee have made a further good Progress in the said Bill: And that the Committee desire the Leave of this House to fit again Tomorrow Morning, to finish the feme.

Resolved, That the House will. Tomorrow Morning at Nine of the Clock, resolve itself into a4Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the said Bill of Subsidies.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to inspect the

Act concerning Judicial Proceedings, be revived: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Place formerly appointed: And Sir Richard Onslow, Sir Thomas Wendy, Sir Rowland Berkeley, Mr. Chettwyn, Sir Rich.Francklyn, Sir John , are

added to the said Committee.

' The House adjourns till Tomorrow Morning at Eight of the Clock.

Mercurii, 8° die <Juliiy 150 Car. IF-

Prayers.

A Bill against Gaming was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

The Lord Bruce reports, from die Committee to which the additional Bill for the Relief of the indigent loyal Officers was committed. That the Committee thought fit to retain Part of the Bill only and had madeAddidons, instead of the rest of the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Which Addition, consisting of Three Sheets of Paper, was read the First time.

The First Paragraph of the Addition was read the Second time; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The next Paragraph was read the Second time; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Third Paragraph, to define. Who shall be allowed Officers capable to share in the Distribution, was read the Second time.

The Question being put. That the Quarterroafters do Hand in the Paragraph;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put. That Engineers, Commifia-ries. Conductors, and Comptrollers, do stand in the Paragraph *,

It passed in the Negative.

And the Words were struck out accordingly.

Resolved, That the Paragraph, lo amended, be agreed to ‘ The Fourth Paragraph was read the Second time. Ordered, That " Two hundred and Fifty " be inserted instead of " One hundred and Fifty," for the Number of a Regiment of Horse.

Which was done.

Resolved, That " Forty " be inserted, instead of " Twenty-five," for the Number of a Troop of Horse.

Which was done.

The Question being put, That the Paragraph, so amended, be agreed to;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Fifth Paragraph was read the Second time; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The next Paragraph was read the Second time; and, on the Question agreed to.

The next Paragraph, concerning relieving such as have loft, or had not, exact Certificates, was read the Second time; and, on the Question, agreed to.

The last Paragraph was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Word " Three " be inserted,. instead of " Two."

Which was done; and some other Amendments made; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments, agreed to, be ingrossed.

Resolved, &rc. That the House will fit this Afternoon: And that the Report from the Committee, to which the Bill for the Improvement, and better ordering his Majesty's Revenue is committed, be then heard the first Report.

Ordered, That the Report of the additional Bill for the better ordering the Duty of Excise be heard this Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Report of the Bill for the Arrears of the Excise be heard this Afternoon.

An ingrossed Bill for regulating the Herring and other Fisheries was read.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be, An Act for regulating the Herring and other Fisheries.

And Sir George "Downing is to carry up the Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Child and Sir William Glascock;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you a Bill, intituled, An Act for Supplying of certain Evidences, in the Times of the late Troubles, belonging to the Estate of Richard Lord Byron: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

The House did then resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Bill of Subsidies.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Prinn took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker again took the Chair.

Mr. Pryn reports. That the Committee had made some further Progress in the said Bill; and that it was the Opinion of the Committee, That, according to the Order of the House, the Names of Commissioners were to be agreed upon by the House.

Resolved, That, in the naming Commissioners for the several Counties, Cities, Towns-Corporate, and other Places, the feme Rules be observed that were in the Act of Subsidies, in 170 Car. I®1.

The House adjourns till Three of the Clock this Afternoon.

Poji Meridiem.

THE House proceed to the Naming of Commissioners for the Subsidies, in the several Counties, Cities, Towns-Corporate, and other Places in England: The respective Lifts whereof, being twice read, were, upon the Question, agreed unto; except for the County of Lincolne and City, the Town of Northampton, County of Oxford and City; the Lifts whereof are not yet brought in.

1 Resolved,

____

Resolved, That the House, Tomorrow Morning, Nine Clock, will proceed in the naming the rest of the Commissioners for the Subsidies.

The House adjourn till Tomorrow Morning, Eight Clock.

JoVis, 90 Julii, 15* Regis Hdl‘

Prayers.

MR. Milward reports, from the Committee, to which

the ingossed Bill, sent from the Lords, to enable the Bishop of Winchester to lease out the Tenements rtow built upon the Site of his Mansion-House, in the Parish of St. Saviour's, in Southwarke in the County of Surrey

and the Two Parks, and other Demesnes, a ham, and other Lands in the County of $ was-

committed, That the Committee had carefully perused the Bill, and heard all Parties concerned; and found the Bill very just, and for the Advantage of the Successors of the Lord Bishop; and did not find any Error or Defect in the penning the Bill j and had returned the Bill without any Amendment.

The Question being put, That the Bill be now read; It was refoived in the Affirmative.

The Bill was read the Third time.

A Petition of Wm. Levett Esquire was read.

A Proviso, on the Behalf of Mr , was read.

The Question being put. That the Proviso be read the Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put. That the Bill do pals;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out. Sir Tho. Me, Mr. Wm. Sandys,

Sir Sol. Swale,

Sir Tho. Tom

144.

68.

Tellers for the Yeas With the Yeas, j ‘Tellers for the Noes:?

With the Noes, j And so it was refoived in the Affirmative.

The Question being put, To agree to the Title of the Bill;

It was refoived in the Affirmative.

The Question being put. That Mr. Levet be recommended to the Lord Bishop of , to have a new

Lease made him, for the Remainder of the Term unexpired in his former Lease;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Sir Bain. Throckmorton, J Tellers for the Yeas: 7

Colonel Windham, \ With the Yeas, j

Sir Fra. Goodrich, f Tellers for the Noes: ?

Mr. Sandis, \ With the Noes, 3"

And so it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That all Committees, that were discontinued by the Sitting of the House in the Afternoons, be revived , and do fit this Aftefnoon at Two of the Clock, in the Places formerly appointed.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom it was referred to bring in a Bill concerning the Poor, be added to the Committee to whom that Bill is committed.

Mr. Russell did this Day engage, to the House, not to receive, fend, or prosecute, anyChallenge, from, to, orwith the Earl of Sunderland.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Vi zneris, 10° Julii, 150 Regis Car. II41.

Prayers.

DRdered, That Sir William Gaudy have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

6

Upon Information, That one had caused De-

clarations, in Actions of Ejectment, to be delivered to John Booth and Walter Frees, Tenants of Sir Abraham Cullen, a Member of this House, to try the Title of the Manor of Let ten in the County of Hereford, of which Sir Abraham Cullen is Owner, and in Possession, in Bread* of the Privilege of this House; and intends to proceed CO Judgment against the eafual Eje&or, although his Attorney had Notice, that the Title doth concern Sir Abraham Cullen,

Ordered, That all Proceedings in the said Suit, brought by the said John Petre, against the Tenants of Sir Abraham Cullen, a Member of this House, to try the Title of the Manor of Letten, or Lands thereunto belonging, bq

flayed during the Session of this present Parliament.

An additional Bill for the better regulating the Press was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time on Monday next.

An ingrossed Bill, to explain and supply a former A(51 for Distribution of Sixty thousand Pounds amongst the truly loyal and indigent Commission-Officers; and for affefling Offices, and distributing the Monies thereby raised, for their further Supply.

A Proviso, on the Behalf of some Colonels, and other loyal Officers, that were absent beyond the Seas, and could not bring in their Certificates in time, was read.

Ordered, That the Name of Edward Moulsworth, Colonel of Foot, be inserted into the Proviso.

Which was done; and the Proviso read the Second time; and greed to.

Resolved, &c. That the said Proviso be made Part of the Bill.

The Question being put. That the Number of a Regiment of Horse shall consist only of One hundred and Fifty j

It was refoived in the Affirmative: And that the Bill' be so amended.

Which was done.

Resolved, &c. That Thirty " be inserted, instead of " Forty," for the Number of a Company of Foot.

Which was done accordingly.

Ordered, That the Lord Bruce, Colonel Strangwayes, Mr. Milward, Sir John Birkinbead, Sir Wm. Compton, and Sir Tho. Meres, do withdraw*, and pen a Clause and Proviso, to continue a Time for the Inspection, and limit a Time for Payment of the Money.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Goodrich do carry up the Order, for a Day of Humiliation, to the Lords; and do put them in mind of the Two Bills depending before them, to prevent the Growth of Popery, and the Meeting* of Sectaries and Non-conformists; and desire that they would expedite those Bills.

Ordered, That Sir George Downing do carry up the Bill, concerning Fishery, to the Lords, for their Concurrence; and do return the Bill for the Bishop of Winchester j the Bill for Observation of the Lord's Day j and the Bill for WitnessSchool.

The ingrossed Bill for taking away Damage Cleere was read; and debated.

The Question being put, That " 1663 " do stand in the Bill

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Sir Sol. Swale, C Tellers for the Yeas: 7 82*

Mr. Seymour, 1 With the Yeas, f

Lord Ancram, f Tellers for the Noes: 7 84.

Sir Robert Brooke, I With the Noes, \

And so it passed in the Negative. The Question being prewounded, That " 1655 " be

inserted into the Bill i The

The Question being put. That this Question be now put;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the main Question being put. That these Words, " 1665," be inserted into the Bill;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Tellers for the Yeas:7 With the Yeas, J 97'

' Tellers for the Noes :,) , With the Noes, J 7* And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Words " 1665 " were accordingly inserted.

Resolved, &c. That these Words, " and that the afore- laid Fee of Damage Cleere, until the said First Day of August 1665, shall be received from the Defendants only," be added at the End of the Bill.

Which was done accordingly.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be, An Act for the Taking away of Damage Cleere.

And the Lord Ancram is to carry it up to the Lords.

Lord Ancram

Sir Fra. Goodrich Sir Tho.

Mr. Seymour,

Mr. Milward reports, from the Committee, to which

it was referred to prepare and bring in a Clause and Proviso, to be added to the Bill concerning the indigent loyal Officers, That they had agreed the same: Which he delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

And the same being twice read;

Resolved, &c. That the Clause and Proviso be added, and made Part of the Bill.

Some other Amendments were, upon the Question, agreed to be made to the Bill: And were accordingly made at the Table.

The Question being put, That the Bill, with the Clauses and Amendments agreed, do pass;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, &c. That the Title shall be. An Act to explain and supply a former Act for Distribution of Sixty thioufand Pounds amongst the truly loyal and indigent Commission-Officers -, and for Asseffing of Offices, and distributing the Monies thereby raised for their further Supply.

Ordered, That Mr. Tor he and Mr. Rigby be added to the Committee appointed to pen a Clause to be added to the Bill fot* Lyndfey Level.

And then the House adjourned till Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Pqft Meridie

THE House did proceed to the Reading of the rest: of the Lists of the Commissioners for the Subsidies for the Kingdom of Engl, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed.

And the several Lifts were twice read and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

The House did then resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Bill of Subsidies.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Pryn took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Pryn reports, from the Committee of the whole House, That the Committee had gone through the Bill, nd made several Amendments thereto-, and desired the House would appoint a Time for the Report to be made.

Resolved, &c. That this House will. Tomorrow Morning at Nine of the Clock, hear the Report of the Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill of Subsidies.

Sir Thomas Meres reports, from the Committee appointed to inspect the Act for the Confirmation of Judicial Proceedings, and other publick Acts, That the Committee had searched the Journals of the then pretended House of Commons, in the Year 1649 > a°d, upon the

Two-and-twentieth of June in that Yeas, they find ifi b<ec verba; viz. (

"Die Mercuric, 21649."

Ordered, That it be referred to the same Committee*

to consider likewise of Cafes of Alimony; and report their Opinion to the House, with Speed."

" Die Veneris,2Z° Junii, 1649."

" Lieutenant-General Cromvsell reports, from the Committee of Complaints, touching Mrs. Ann "

" Be it Enacted, and by this present Parliament, and the Authority thereof. That the Lords Commissioners for the Great Seal of England, for the Time being, be enabled and authorized to hear and determine all such Cases as shall, at any time hereafter, be brought or come before them, by Petition or Bill, touching Alimony.-, and to make such Provision of Maintenance, in all and every such Cases, as they shall find just and agreeable to Equity and good Confidence, upon Consideration, as well of the Portion or Estate, that hath been paid, or come to the Husband by such Wife as shall so pray Relief by herself, or her Friends, as other Matters of Equity -, and to make Decrees -, and take an effectual Course for Payment thereof, accordingly, out of the Estate of such Husband."

And that they searched the Indexfor awholeYear after-, and did not find any Second Mention made of any thing concerning Alimony: And find the said Order began in the Form of their pretended Acts; but no-where in their Journals mentioned to be read; nor a Vote, or Consent of the then pretended House of Commons passed thereupon: And that other Bills, which passed as Acts of those Times, were read a First and Second time -, and passed into Acts: That the said pretended Order about Alimony had none of the aforesaid Formalities requisite and usual in passing Bills.

And further reports, That the Committee were of Opinion, That the Act for Confirmation of Judicial Proceedings doth ' not comprehend the Order concerning Alimony (which Order is all which they can find passed in those Times, as a pretended Act for Alimony): And that consequently all Judgments, Decrees, and Pretences, grounded upon the said Order for Alimony, by the then Commissioners for the Great Seal, are void, and of no Effect.

He also further reports, the Opinion of the Committee, That, in case the said Order for Alimony had had the Formalities of an Act or Ordinance of those Times, or had been effectually a pretended Act or Ordinance of Parliament of those Times-, yet the Decrees thereupon grounded ought to have been subject to Bills of Review, as any other Decrees, according to the Course and Usage of the Court of Chancery, by virtue of the Proviso for Writs of Error, and Bills of Review, in the Act for Confirmation of judicial Proceedings.

The Question being put. To agree with the Committee in the first Resolve by them reported;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put. To agree with the Committee, in the Second Resolve of the Committee j

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Leave be given in the same of Mr. Broome Whorwood, to bring in a Bill to indemnify him, and make void the Decree of Alimony against him.

Resolved, &c. That the Report of the additional Bill concerning the Duty of Excise be heard Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the Merchant-Adventurers, within the City and County of Exon, being this Day read, and debated -, and several other Complaints being made of the Violation of the Act for Navigation, to the great Griev-vance of the Merchants, and Prejudice to Trade-,

Resolved, That his Majesty be humbly desired to issue forth his Proclamation for the punctual and effectual Execution and Observance of the Act of Navigation, with- 6Q_ out

Journals of the House of Commons.

out any Dispensation or Contrivance whatsoever, whereby the Act may be in the lead violated; and to recal such Dispensations as are already granted (if any be); and also to ifilie his Orders and Indruftions to the Officers of the Customs, for the drift Performance of the said Act.

And Sir John Fredericks, Sir George Downing, Mr. Walker, Mr. Clifford, Mr. Jones, Colonel Strangwayes, and Sir Philip Warwicke, or any Three of them, are hereby appointed to attend his Majesty with this Address.

The House adjourns till Tomorrow Morning at Eight a Clock.

Sabbati, 11° die Juliiy 150 Car. IIdi. Prayers.

UPON Information, That one Susan Widow,

had caused Declarations, in Actions of Ejectment, to be, in the Name of Richard delivered to

Jacob Parsons and William Jeffery, Tenants to Reynold Graham Esquire, a Member of this House, to try the Title of certain Lands, lying in in the County of

Kent, of which Mr. Graham is Owner, and in present Possession, by his said Tenants ;in Breach of the Privilege of this House,

Ordered, That all further Proceedings in the Suit and Actions brought against Jacob Parsons and Wm. Jeffery, Tenants of Reynold Graham Esquire, a Member of this House, to try the Title of certain Lands lying in Chalke in the County of Kent, to which Mr. Graham makes Title, be dayed, during the Session of this present Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given for the bringing in a Bill for setting up a Manufacture of making Linen and Tapedry.

Mr. Knight reports, from the Committee, to which the additional Bill for the better regulating and collecting the Duty of Excise was committed, several Amendments and Clauses, agreed by the Committee to be made, and added to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

The said Amendments and Clauses were read the Fird time.

The several Amendments, precedent to the Amendments to the Twenty-Iixth Line of the Fird Folio, were read the Second time; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Amendment to the Six-and-twentieth Line of the Fird Folio were read the Second time.

Ordered, That the Word " Tenure " be left out of the Amendment.

Ordered, That the Blank be filled up with " Five Pounds."

Ordered, That the Penalty, as to the Workmen, be omitted.

Ordered, That the Amendment, with this Alteration, be agreed to.

The Amendment to the Ninth Line of the Second Folio was read the Second time:

The Question being put, That this Amendment be agreed to;

It passed in the Negative: And so the Bill dood as it was.

Ordered, that the Blank in the Bill be filled up with the Sum of Fifty Pounds to the King, and Fifty Pounds for the Informer.

Which was done accordingly.

The subsequent Amendments, until you come to the Amendment to the Seventh Line of the Third Folio, were read the Second time; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

The Amendment to the Seventh Line of the Third Folio was read the Second time:

1

Resolved, That these Words, " and as often after as there shall be Occasion," be inserted, after " 1663."

Which was done.

Refolded, That the Amendment, with this Alteration, be agreed to.

The red of the Amendments following, till you come to the Amendment to the Fourteenth Line of the Sixth Folio, were read the Second time; and, on die Question, severally agreed to.

The Amendment to the Fourteenth Line of the Sixth Folio, being to leave out Two Clauses of the Bill, was read the Second time.

The Question being put, To agree with the Committee in leaving out the Fird of the Clauses;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put. To agree with the Committee, in leaving out the Second Clause, relating to the Brewing-Vessels and Utensils, to be liable to the Duty of Excise;

It passed in the Negative: And so the Bill, in That, to dand as it was before.

The red of the Amendments and Clauses to be made, and added to the Bill, until you come to the Clause, marked with Number II. were read the Second time; and, on the Question, agreed to.

Tfie Clause marked with Number II. was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That these Words, " or in the several proper Ridings and Bivisions of Torkffire and Lincolne-shire," be inserted in this Clause.

Which was done.

And the Clause, with this Alteration, agreed to.

The next Clause was read the Second time.

Resolved, That these Words, " relating to the Excise,'* be inserted in this Clause.

Which was done.

Resolved, That these Words, " or Two or more of them," be inserted after " Justices."

Which was done.

Resolved, That the Clause, so amended, be agreed to.

The next Clause was read the Second time:

Resolved, That these Words, " or Appeals, " be in-, ferted, after the Word " Excise."

Which was done.

And the Clause, so amended, upon the Question, agreed to.

The lad Clause was read the Second time:

Resolved, Thar, after the Word " Person, " " giving Security for the same " be inserted.

Which was done.

Resolved, That the Clause, lb amended, be agreed to.

Resolved, That these Words following be inserted in the Line of the Folio; viz. " But, in case the Fird Judgment shall be affirmed, the Party appealing shall pay the like Cods to the Commissioner or Commissioners complained of,"

Resolved, That the Bill, with these Alterations and Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Committee, to which the Bill concerning the Lord Mollineux is committed, be revived; and do fit this Afternoon, at the Place formerly appointed.

Resolved, That the Report of the Amendments to the Bill of Subsidies be made, and be the fird Business, on Monday Morning next.

Sir Francis Goodricke reports, from the Lords, That they had fully consented to the Order of this House, for an Address to his Majesty, for a Day of Humiliation; and declared, That they would fend Two Members of their House to his Majesty, with the Address: Also that the Lords had declared, That they were sensible of what Importance the Two Bills, to prevent the Growth of Popery, and the Meetings of Non-conformids, were to receive Dispatch; and that the Bills had been once read;

and

Car. II. Journals of the House of Commons. 92>

and they would proceed in them with what Speed the Importance of those Bills should require.

The House adjourns till Monday Morning next, at Eight of the Clock.

Lunce^ 130 die 'Julii, 150 I!11 Regis.

Prayers.

MR. Pryn reports, from the Committee of the whole House, several Amendments, agreed by the Committee, to be made to the Bill of Subsidies: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: And were read the First time.

The several Amendments, precedent to the Amendment to the Line of the Two-and-twentieth Folio, were read the Second time j and, on the Question, severally agreed to.

Ordered, That, after the Word " and, " in the Line of the Two-and-twentieth Folio, these Words following be inserted; viz." and which shall be nominated in any Commission, to be directed from his Majesty, for afieffing his Majesty's honourable Houshold."

Which was done accordingly.

The following Amendments, till you come to the Amendment to the Eleventh Line of the Six-and-twentieth Folio, were read the Second time *, and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

- The Amendment to the Eleventh Line of the Six-and-twentieth Folio was read the Second time i and, upon the Question, poll pound.

The following Amendments, until you come to the Amendment in Folio Eighty-two, were read the Second time *, and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

The Amendment to the Eighty-iecond Folio, being, to omit the Clause concerning Orphans, was read the Second time:

The Question being put, To agree with the Committee in this Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The next Amendment, to the Seventeenth Line of the E.ighty-second Folio, being to insert " Rents," instead of " Lands," was read the Second time:

The Question being put. To agree with this Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The Two next Amendments, being the same with this, were read the Second time:

And the Question being severally pur, for agreeing;

It passed in the Negative.

The next Amendment, to the Twelfth Line of . Eighty fecund Folio, was read the Second time > and, upon the Question, agreed.

1'he relt of the Amendments, till you come to the Amendment for inserting a Proviso of Restriction, were read the Second time and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

The Clause of Restriction, being read the Second time, was, upon the Question, agreed to.

The House then resumed the Debate of the Amendment to the Eleventh Line of the Thirty-sixth Folio, for omitting Scotland and Ireland; which was postponed.

The Question being put. To omit the Clause concerning Viscounts, Barons, and Baronets;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That these Words, " then next following," be added, instead of " now next ensuing."

Which was done, in two several Places.

Ordered, That, in Folio, these Words, be inserted} viz; " and the Two latter, before the Fourteenth Day of u^pril then next following."

Ordered, That, instead of " March next ensuing," be inserted " March 1663."

W hich was done.

Ordered, That Allan, and be

inserted into the Lift for Sussex.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Hungerford and Henry Nute Esquire, be added Commissioners for Devon.

Ordered, That Shalston Ca.hv.undy, and Richard Coffin, be added Commissioners for the County of Devon.

Ordered, That George Farewel Peck, and Dr. Edward Graves, be added Commissioners for the City and Liberties of Westminster. 1

Ordered, That Sir Tho. Wand Colonel Ro-binfon be added Commissioners for Cheshire.

Ordered, That Sir John Dormer be added Comnftffioner

for the County of Bucks.

Ordered, That Sir Philip John Page, ar.d

Christopher Eyres, be added Commissioners for

Ordered, That John Delavall Esquire, Wright

Doctor of Physick, Henry Robinfof Coffer, John junior, Esquires, be added Commissioners for the County of Northampton.

The Question being put. That there shall be any more Commissioners now added -,

It palPcd in the Negative.

The Question being pur, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the House do fit this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, for the Dispatch of the Bill of the Militia.

Ordered, That a Mefifage be fen.t to the Lords, by Sir John Duncombe, to put their Lordships in mind of the Bills against the Growth of Popery; the Bill to prevent the Meetings of Sectaries; the Bill for Advance of Trade; and the Bill for the taking away Damage Cleere: And to desire their Lordships to expedite these Bills.

The House adjourns till Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Post Meridiem.

A Petition of many Merchants, Tradesmen, Artificers, Victuallers, and others, in and about the City of London, was read.

Resolved, &c. That this Petition be referred to a Committee; to examine the Matter of Fa<ft; and report their Opinions to the House , viz. Sir George Cartwright, Mr. Birch, Mr. Pryn, Sir Rich. Everard, Mr. Seymour, Sir John Dawny, Mr. Milward, Mr. Clifford, Sir Edmund

tV,alpoole. Sir tV,in. Thompson, Sir John Bramston, Sir IVm.

Lcwther, Sir Tho. Allan, Sir Henry Worfcley, Sir George Ryve, Sir IVm. Batten, Lord Richardson, Mr. Mcrrice, Mr. Westphalwg, Mr. Bofcawen, Colonel Kirkby, Sir Edm.

Peirfe, Sir Lane. I.ake, Sir John Shaw, Sir John Holland, Sir IVm. Doyley, Mr. Hobby, Sir John Birkenhead, Mr. Collins, Mr. Clarke, Sir Nicholas Steward, Sir John Dun-combe, Lord Fanjkaw, Sir Tho. Tompkins, Sir Richard Braham, Sir John Trelawny, Mr. Crooke, Sir Comp-

ton, Mr. Bofcawen, Mr. Jonathan Trelawny, Sir Richard Braham: And all the Members of this House, that shall come to the Committee, are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House resolves itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the additional Bill for the Militia. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Pryn took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker again took the Chair.

Mr. Pryn reports. That the Committee had gone through the said Bill , and made several Alterations and Amendments thereto: And that they desired the House would appoint a Time for a Report thereof to be made unto them.

Resolved,

24 Journals of the House Commons. A. 1663.

Refolded, That the said Report upon the additional Bill for the Militia be made Tomorrow Morning at Nine of the Clock.

The House adjourns till Tomorrow Morning at Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 140 die 'Julii, 150 Hdl

Prayers.

AN ingossed Bill to confirm a Deed made by Charles Pitcarne Efciuire was this Day read.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be. An Act *

And Sir Thomas Allan is to carry up the Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

Sir Francis Goodrich reports, from the Committee, to 'which the Bill for enabling the Lord to fell

Lands, to pay his Debts, was committed, several Amendments, agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

And the Amendments, being twice read, were, upon the Question, severally agreed.

Resolved., That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingossed.

A Petition of many of the Clothiers of England was read.

The last Amendment, being to leave out the Seventh and Eighth Leaves, and to insert the Clause marked N ' IE, and IIId, and tire First of the Clauses, were read the Second time; and, on the Question, agreed to.

The next Clause was read the Second time; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

A Proviso was tendered for Indemnifying of such as have acted in Difmantly of the Walls and Fortifications of any Cities, Towns, or Garisons; and read, and laid aside.

Ordered, That Mr. Sollicitor-General do prepare and bring in a Clause, afflrting the King's Prerogative in point of erecting or demolishing the Walls of Fortifications of any City, Town, or Garison.

The Question being put. That Leave be given for the bringing in a Proviso, ingossed, for reducing the Month's Tax, chargeable on the City of , by the Act of

the Militia, to a Week's Tax;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That Leave be given to bring in a Proviso for charging the Borough of So, the Cr y of JVefi-minster, and the Hamlets of the Tower.

Resolved, That Leave be given for a Proviso to be brought in, ingossed, for explaining what Estates shall be charged with Payment towards Horse or Foot.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingossed.

The House adjourns till Tomorrow Morning at Nine of the Clock.

Ordered, That this Petition be referred to the Committee formerly appointed to examine the Matter concerning the Clothiers , to examine the Matter of the Petition; and to report it, with their Opinions, to the House: And the Committee are, for that Purpose, revived; and to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and to expedite their Report therein 'by Friday Morning next.

Sir Thomas Meres reports, from the Committee of the whole House, to which the Bill for ordering the Forces of the several Counties of this Kingdom was committed. That the Committee had agreed several Amendments to be made, and some Clauses to be added to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

And the several Amendments, till you come to the Amendment concerning the Muster-masters, were twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Question being put. That the Blanks in the Bill for the Pay of the Mustermaster, be filled up with the Sum of One Shilling, as to the Horseman, and Sixpence," as to the Footman;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Amendment to the Tenth Line of the Fourth Folio; viz." and every such Mustermaster shall be an

Inhabitant of the respective County," was read the Second rime:

Resolved, &c. That the Amendment be agreed to.

The next Amendment, to the Tenth Line of the Fourth Folio, was read the Second time; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Amendment to the last Line of the same Folio was read the Second time; and, upon the Question, agreed.

The next Amendment, being to add the Clause marked Number I. and the Clause read the Second time.

The Question being put. To agree to this Amendment;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The following Amendments to the Tenth Line of the Fifth Folio, Second and Third of the Sixth Folio, were read the Second time; and upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Mercurti, 150 die c]uliii 150

Prayers.

fJRdered, That Mr. Knight have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

An additional Bill for the better Collecting of the Revenue arising by Hearth-Money was read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow at Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

An ingossed Bill, for granting Four intire Subsidies tcS his Majesty, by the Temporal ty, was read.

The Question being put, That any more Names be added to the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put. That any of the Commissioners Names, which are now in the Bill, be struck out;

The House w. s divided.

The Yeas went out.

£Tellers for the Yeas:7 X With the Yeas, 9°-

JTellers for the Noes:

\ With the Noes, 5?*

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Name of Edmund Jones be struck out of the List of Commissioners for the County of Monmouth.

Resolved, That the Name of Mr. Watts be struck out of the Lift for Norwich.

The Question being put, That the Name of George Boarman do stand for a Commissioner;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put. That John Lambert do stand;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Commissioners for the County of Cambridge, and Isle of Ely, be joined in the Bill.

The Question being put. That Edward Herle do stand a Commissioner for Cornewall;

It palfed in the Negative.

The Question being put; That the Bill do pass;

It was resolved in the Affirmative, Nemine contradicente.

Resolved, That the Title shall be. An Act for granting Four intire Subsidies to his Majesty, by the Temporally.

4 '

Sir Wm. Gawdy, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Ralph Hare, Sir James Smith,

Ordered, That Sir JiPwf. Compton do carry up the Bill to she Lords.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Mondeford Bfavn-ston and Sir JVm. Glafcocke;

' Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you back the Bill to settle'; with lorrie Amendments and Additions: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Ordered, That the House will take the Matter of the Amendments and-Additions into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

The House adjourns till Tb-morrow Morning at Nine of- the Clock.

- - . 1

Jovis, 16° die Julii, II41.

Prayers.

UPON Information, That Mr. Clement,

being summoned as a Witness to attend the Committee of the Revenue, was, whilst he was attending the said Committee, arrested, at the Suit of Mrs. Hampden, in Breach of the Privilege of this House; and is still detained in Custody;

Resolved, That Mr. Clement Oxenbridge shall have Privilege allowed him: And that he be discharged of the Arrest and Imprisonment, at the Suit of Mrs.

Upon Information, That the Wife of Mr. Broome wood, a Member of this House, having obtained a Decree in the High Court of Chancery, against Mr. wood, for Alimony, in the late Times of Usurpation; and he having brought his Bill of Review, to reverse the Decree; his Wife claims Privilege of Parliament against her Husband, as the Wife of a Member of the House of Commons; and refuses to answer;

Resolved, &c. That no Wife or Servant of any Member of this House ought to have Privilege of Parliament allowed, in any Case, against the Husband of such Wife, or Mailer of such Servant.

Sir Charles Harbord reports, from the Committee, to which the Bill against Profaneness and Licentiousness was committed, several Amendments to be made to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence* in his Place j and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

And the Amendments were read the First time.

The several Amendmentsj precedent unto the Amendment to the last Line of the First Folio, were read the Second time j and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

The Amendment to the last Line of the First Folio Was read the Second time:

Resolved, &c. That these Words, " not exceeding Twenty Pounds," be added after the Word " impose," in the said Amendment.

Which was done.

Resolved, &c. That the said Proviso, lb amended, be agreed to.

The Two next Amendments, to the Third and Fifth Lines of the Second Folio, were read the Second time and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Amendment to the Tenth Line of the Second Folio was read the Second time; and postponed.

The Amendment to the Fifteenth Line of the Second Folio, being read the Second time, and debated;

Resolved, That the Bill be re-committed to the former Committee, upon the present Debate: And the Committee are to inspect the several Statutes, to which die Bill relates; and in particular the Statute of 330 Hen. VIII.; and to consider. What of the said Acts is fit to be repealed, and what continued , and what Additions are fit to be made , and to make their further Report: And, to that Purpose, the Committee are hereby revived: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Place formerly appointed.

S

Ordered, That Leave be given for the bringing in a Bill for the Pollmasters to have Liberty to impress such Horses as are usually let to Hire.

The ingrafted Bill for the better ordering the Forces.in the several Counties of this Kingdom was read.

A Proviso, to restrain the Selling of Gunpowder, by licensed Persons, was twice read:

The Question being put. That the Proviso be read the Third time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Proviso, for charging the Borough of -

*ivarke. City of Westminster, and Liberties of the F'ower,

with a Fortnight's Tax, was read , and laid aside.

Another Proviso, to injoin the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy- to such as fell Gunpowder, was read , and withdrawn.' ]

Another Proviso,- for excusing the County of from being charged with Horse, was read and laid aside.

Another Proviso, for Indemnifying of such as had acted in dismantling the Walls- and Fortifications-, was thriefe

read: J

Resolved, &c. That the said Proviso. be agreed to, and made Part of the Bill.

Another Proviso, for ascertaining, What Estates shall be chargeable with Horse, and what with Foot, was thrice read:

Resolved, &c. That the said Proviso be agreed to, and made Part of the Bill.

Another Proviso, on the Behalf of the Cinque-Porta, was thrice read:

Resolved, &c. That the said Proviso be agreed to; and made Part of the Bill..

Resolved, That the said Bill do pais: And that the Title shall be, An additional Act for the better ordering the Forces of this Kingdom.

And the Lord Bruce is to carry up the Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Sir tfbomas Colonel

wayes. Sir Robert Holt, Sir Francis Goodrich, Sir John Fab' bott, Mr. Henley, Sir John Birkenhead, SirMeeres, Mr. Clarke, Lord St. John, Mr. Sir Lancelot

Sir John Shaw, Sir Fho. Littleton, Colonel Reames, Mr. Newport, Mr. Whorwood, Sir Solo. Swale, Lord,

Mr. Hyde, Mr. Bofcawen, Sir Hen. Newton, Sir Hen. Herbert, Mr. Barnaby, Mr. Dowdeswell, Sir John Hothant,

Mr. Griffith, be added to the Committee, to which, the Petition concerning the Clothiers is committed.

The House adjourns till Tomorrow Morning at Nine of the1 Clock.

Veneris, 1 J° tJuIiiy 15* Car.Ildi Regis.

Prayers.

THAT Mr. Henry Wot toil (being aPerson of Learning and Merit, and having, during the Session, constantly officiated as Chaplain to this House) be recommended to the King's Majesty, for feme Ecclesiastical Dignity or Preferment.

And Mr. Secretary Morrice^ Sir Charles Mr.

Progers, and Sir John Birkenhead, are desired to attend his Majesty, from this House, with this their humble Ad-drels, on the Behalf of Mr. Wot ton.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, for supplying the Loss of certain Evidences, in the Time of the late Troubles, belonging to the Estate of Richard Lord Byron, was read the First time.

Resolved,&c. That this Bill be read the Second timt on Monday next.

Sir John Birkenhead having made Report concerning. Lindsey Level; and that feme of the Members, appointed^ by Order to pen and prepare certain Clauses, and to* 6R adopt

Journals of the House of Commons. A. 1663.

A2*

itdopt them with the Bill, that had met , were of Opinion, That the Bill, and Gaufes cfirested, ‘could not be inad6 cohere;

And the Matter being debated;

Resolved*That these Persons following be added to the Members formerly appointed to prepare certain Clauses, and to insert and adopt them to the Bill concerning Lind-fey Levd, according to the Votes of this House; viz. Mr> Seymour* Mr. Vaughan, Colonel Mr. Rigby*

Colonel Giles Strangwayes*Sir Mr.

Mr. Swinfin, Colonel Williams* Sir Hen. Mr.

Scawen* Sir Edm. Peirfe, Sir George Mr. Morrice* Sir Anth. Cope* Sir John Mr. Sir

Wm. Lowther?Colonel WindhSir John

Sir John Hotham, Mr. Mountague* Colonel Sandys* Sir Robert Atkins* Sir Robert Long*Lord Spencer* Sir Charles

‘Cottrell* Mr. Coventry* Sir Wm. Doyley* Mr. Heath* Sir Tho. Meres* Sir Philip WarwickMr. WTkrwood 5, or any

Five of them: And all the Members of this House, that shall come, are to have Voices at the Committee; And they are to meet at Two of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Upon Information, That one Thomas Mites had caused a Declaration, in an Action of Ejectment to a casual Ejeftor, to be delivered to William Tenant to

Mr. Jay* a Member of this House; to try the Title of certain Lands, of which Mr. Jay is Owner; in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That all further Proceedings in tire Suit be Hayed, during the Session and Continuance of the Privilege of this present Parliament.

Resolved, That Sir Wm. and those which

were assisting with him, viz. Richard John fhaw alias Bridefon* Wm. BThomas John

Browne* William Jackson, Christopher Anthony

Procter* and John Pickthall* be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms; for his Breach of Privilege, in entering by Force, and with-holding the Possession of the Park and Lands of Sir Jordan Crojland.

An additional Bill, for the better regulating and collecting the Revenue arising by Hearths and Chimnies, was read the Second time.

The Question being put. That the Bill be committed 5

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Sir Tho. Strickland*f Tellers for the Yeas: 7 c

Six Clifford Clifton* \ With the Yeas, $ *4'

Sir Tho. Tompkins*f Tellers for the Noes: ? 0*

Mr. Whorwood* \ With the Noes, J '

And so it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Mr. Crouch* Mr.

Seymour* Mr. Morrice* Dr. Burwell, Mr. Mr.

Newport* Mr. Scawen* Mr. Jolly* Mr. Henley* and Colonel Progers* be added to the Committee to inspect the

A ft for Wool and Leather.

Ordered, That the Report concerning the Clothiers be proceeded in Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourns till Tomorrow Morning at Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 180 die Juliiy 150 Car. 11*.

Prayers.

MR. Rigby reports, from the Committee to which the Bill to make void certain Conveyances, made by the Lord Mollineux in the late Times, was committed, fbveral Amendments to be made so the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence; and after, delivered the Amendments in at the Clerk's Table. And the Amendments,

being twice read, were, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved* Sec. That the Bill, with the Amendment# agreed to, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to settle the Estate Viscount

Strang ford in Trustees, for Sale, and Payment of Debts, was read.

Resolved, That the said Bill do pass: Arid that the Tit!? shall be, An Act .*.*

And Sir John Birkenhead is to carry up the Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for Relief of such as by Siclcnest, or other Impediments, were disabled from subscribing the Declaration in the Act of Uniformity, and for Explanation of Part of the said Act, was read.

Resolved, That these W9rds, " or Vice-Chancellor aforesaid respectively," be inserted, in the Twenty-seventh Line of the Third Skin.

Which was done; and the Words thrice read ...; .;

Resolved* &c. That the Words the" and " General" be left out of the Bill; and these Words, " or any other Bishop," be inserted.

Which was done; and the Words thrice read; and agreed to.

A Proviso, on the Behalf of Dr. was twice

read:

The Question being put, That the Proviso be read die Third time;

It passed in the Negative.

A Proviso, declaring, that such as are prohibited and included in the Act of Uniformity, under the Exptession of such as are disabled to preach, ..... was thrice read:

Refdlved* See. That the Proviso be made Part of the

Bill.

Resolved* Sec. That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide shall be. An Act **.

And Mr. Crouch is to carry up This, and the Lord Strangford's Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Wm. Glascock and Sir Toby Woolrich;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to signify to this House, That, according to the Delire of this; House, they have sent to his Majesty, to desire him. That he would be pleased to appoint a Day of Humiliation: And that his Majesty had appointed Tuesday next.

Resolved, That this House will solemnize the Day of Humiliation, appointed by-his Majesty on Tuesday next, in St. Margaret's Church, Westminster: And the Dean of Westminster is desired to preach before the House, in the Forenoon, and Mr. Alsop in the Afternoon, of that Day: And Mr. Morrice is to signify the Desires of the House to Mr. Dean * and Mr. Crouch to Mr. Alsop.

Mr. Vaughan reports, from the Committee to which the Petition of the Clothiers was referred. That the Committee had met; and examined the Matter of the Petition; and heard the Parties concerned on both Sides; and had thereupon proceeded to pass Two Resolves:

1. That the Matter of Fast, in taking Hallage from the Clothiers, above the ancient Hallage usually taken, since the Proceeding of the House upon the Clothiers former Petition, be specially reported to the House: And that the Matter of Fast, which did appear to the Committee, was. That the City had taken Hallage, beyond the ancient Hallage usually taken; demanding Ten-pence, where the ancient Rate is but Eight-pence.

2. That it be reported to the House, That it is the Opiniori of the Committee, The increased Hallage is unduly taken; and that the City ought to be satisfied with the ancient Hallage usually paid before the late Act of Common-Council of the Fourth of December 1661.

The Question being put, To agree with the Committee in the Matter by them reported;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Sir-

if Car. 11 journals of the House Commons. 5*27

Sir Charles Cotterell reports. That he and Mr. had attended his Majesty with the Recommendation of this House, for some Ecclesiastical Dignity or Preferment to be conferred on Mr. Wotton: And that his Majesty had been graciously pleased to declare. Hut he would take him into his Care.

Resolved, &c. That the humble Thanks of this House be returned to his Majesty, by Sir Charles Cotterell and Mr. Progers, for his Grace and Favour towards Mr. Wot-

ton, upon the Recommendation of tins House.

1

Ordered, That the Committee concerning Wool and Wool-fells be revived; and do meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Place formerly appointed'.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition of free Traders in Devonshire is committed, be revived; and do lit this Afternoon at Two of the Clock', in the Place formerly appointed.

Ordered, That Mr. Baynion have the Leave of the poufe to go into the Country.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Glascock land Sir 'Toby Woolrich;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have lent ^ou down an Act For Confirming of Four Subsidies granted by the Clergy: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Ordered, That this Bill be read on Morning.

JDie Luna, 20° Julii, i $ Car. II41 Regis,

Prayers.

A Petition of James Norf Esquire, Serjeant at Arms attending this House, being read and taken into Consideration,

Resolved, &c. Thai: Mr. N, who hath constantly attended the Service of this House as Serjeant at Arms, be humbly recommended to his Majesty, for the like Increase of Salary and Board-wages, which his Majesty hath been graciously pleased to grant to the other Serjeants at Arms: And Sir Williath Morrice and Colonel are

tie fired to attend his Majesty with this Recommendation of the House.

dred long Cords, which, at Six Shillings and Eight-pence per Cord, amounts to One thousand Nine hundred Pounds j in Timber, not useful for the Navy, One hundred and Seventy-five Pounds: In all. Six thousand Two hundred Pounds: So there remains Twenty-three thousand Eight hundred Pounds: Which Sir John Wintour is contented to accept of, so as it may be well secured. To which End the Committee appointed a Bill to be drawn, and presented to the House, whereby Sir John Wintour may be fttisfied, and the Forest improved, and the Revenue of Five thousand Pounds per Annum settled, and the Timber preserved, according to the Order of the House of the Two-and-twentieth of May last.

A Bill for settling the Forest of fiearie and improving and preserving the Timber and Wood of the said Forest, was read the First time.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read the Second time on Wednesday Morning next.

t

Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the BUI for settling the Profits of the Post-Office and Wine-Licences on the Duke of Torke, and the Heirs Males of his Body, were read the First time.

The several Amendments, except the Amendment to the Twb-and-thirtieth Line of the Eighth Skin, were read the Second time; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

The Amendment to the Two-and-thirtieth Line of . Eighth Skin was read:

The Question being put, To agree with the Lords ill This Amendment;

The House was divided The Yeas went out.

Sir John Cotton, f Tellers for the Yeas,

Mr. Hen. Coventry, (_ With the Yeas, J

Sir Robert Holt, XTellers for the Noes 0 ,

Mr. Whorwood, £ With the Noes, ]" S2*

And so it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That a Conference be desired to be had with the Lords, upon the Bill for settling the Profits of the Post-Office and Wine-Licences on his Royal Highness the Duke of Torke: And Mr. , Mr. Seymour,

Colonel Sfrangwayes, Sir Robert Atkins, Mr. Waller, Mr.

Crouch, Mr. Clifford, Mr. Whorwood, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Torke, are to manage the Conference.

Sir Charles Harbord reports, from the Committee of the Revenue, That the Committee proposed to Sir John ff^tntour, That, in case the Committee thought fit to lay aside the further Examination of his Accompt made in "July 1661, and to proceed Upon his Majesty's Agreement, to give him Thirty thousand Pounds, Whether he . would agree to make a just Accompt of all (the Profits and Allowances he hath had or made since that Time.

Sit John Wintour answered, That he doth agfee to take Thirty thousand Pounds in full, as is proposed; and to account for all the Profits and Allowances he hath had or tnade since July 1661.

That they had voted, That This is a full and perfect Aftfwer, fit so be reported to the House: And that he is to account for all the Wood he hath had since July 1661, at Ten Shillings per Cord for That in the Forest, at Six Shillings and Eight-pence per Cord for That in the Lea Bayly, as it shall be found upon Examination , without deluding any thing for any Charges Or Expences *, and fot the Timber, at Fifteen Shillings per Ton.

And that they had agreed. That Sit John Wintour have Liberty to work out this Wood in the King's Works, with the Use of the Utensils, Mine, and Cinders; and to leave the Works and Utensils in as good Repair as he found tthem.

The Consideration of What Proportion of Wood he hath had being referred to a Sub-Committee, it appears to be Eight thousand Two hundred and Fifty long Gords (wh ich, at Ten Shillings per Cord, amounts to Four thousand One hundred and Twenty-five Pounds) within the Forest , and in the Lea-Bayly Five thousand Seven hun-

An ingrossed Bill for the better ordering arid collecting the Duty of Excise, and preventing Abuses therein, was read.

Proviso, for limiting the Times of Appeal, was thrice read: And iorne Amendments made thereto at the Table;

Resolved, That the Proviso, so amended; be made Part of the Bill.

Aribther Proviso, for injoining of the Oaths to such as are Officers, was thrice read: And some Amendments made at the Table;

Resolved, See. That the Proviso, so amended, be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the ProVifoes agreed to, do pass: And that the Title shall be. An additional Act for the better ordering arid collecting the Duty of Excise, and preventing Abuses therein.

And Sir Thomas Meres is to carry up the Bill to the Ldrds for their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for restraining Pluralities, and Irt-crease of the Maintenance of Curates, was read.

Ordered, That these Words, " he making Allowances to his or their Curate, as aforesaid," be added to the Bill.

Which was done.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: Arid that the Title shall be. An Act for the restraihing Pluralities, and Increase of the Maintenance of Curates.

And Sir Charles Harbord is to carry up the Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

A Bill

L

528 Journals of the House of Commons. ' A. 1663.

- A Bill for the encouraging the Making of Linen and Tapestry was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed to Sir Downing, Sir Tho. Littleton, Colonel , Mr.

land, Mr. Yorke, Sir John , Sir Birkenhead, Mr. Coventry, Sir Richard , Mr. Rigby, Mr.

Morrice, Mr. Newport, Sir Charles Sir Robert

Sit kins, Mr. Jolly, Mr. Bryn, Mr. Sir Tho.

Tompkins, Colonel Windham, Sir Nicholas Mr.

Waller, Sir The. Meres, Colonel Mr. Seymour, Colonel Progers, Sir Tho.Bludworth: And all those Members, which were formerly appointed to be a Committee for Trade, be added to this Committee: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition on the Behalf of Mr. Fitton, and others, being tendered;

Ordered, That this Petition be read on Wednesday Morning at Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do now make out his Warrant, for a Writ to issue for electing a Member for Richmond in Yorkshire, in the room of Sir Yorke, deceased.

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday Morning nebet at Eight of the Clock.

Die Mercuriij 2 2° Ju'lii, 150 Car. IIdi*

Prayers. . '

AN ingrafted Bill, lent from the Lords, for (applying the Loss of certain Evidences in the Times of the late Troubles, belonging to the Estate of Richard Lord Biron, was read the Second time.

A Petition of Sir John Mujlers was also read.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill, and Petition, be committed to Mr. Bryn, Sir Tho. Smith, Sir Charles Harbord, Colonel Reymes, Mr. Hatton, Mr. Sir Wm,

Boy ley, Sir Tho. /Alan, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Coventry, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir John Rows, Mr. Mr. Buller, Mr.

Bofcawen, Sir Philip Warwicke, Mr. Heath, Sir John Birkenhead, Lord Richardson, Mr. Rigby, Mr. well, Mr. Vaughan, Colonel Mr. Sandys. Sir

Wm.Fleetwood, Sir John Fred Mr. Sir

John Buncombe, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Trelawny, Sir Rich. Qateley, Colonel Trelawny, Mr. Crooke, Sir Edm. Bowyer, Colonel Legg, Mr. Graham, Mr. Mr. Mom-

tague. Sir Robert Howard, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Sir John Cotton: And they are to meet this Afternoort at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and to examiric the Matter of the Petition of Sir John Musters; and to summon and hear all other Parties concerned: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be returned to the Dean of Westminster, and unto Dr. Griffith, for the

Sermons by them preached Yesterday before this House at St. Margaret's, Westminster: And Mr. Morrice is to return the Thanks of the House to the Dean, and Mr. Crouch to Dr. Griffith.

Ordered, That Colonel Sahdys have the Leave of this

House to go beyond the Seas.

Sir John Birkinhcad reports, Trom the Committee appointed to prepare and adapt certain Clauses to the Bill concerning LihdfeyLevel, That it being directed. That the same Judicature should be appointed for Level that was for Hatfeild Level, the Committee found.

That there is not yet any Judicature appointed for Hatfeild.

The Question being propounted. That the Debate of the Matter concerning Lindsey Level be adjourned till Tomorrow at Ten of the Clock

The Question being put. That this Question be. noW-

put}

It was resolved in the Affirmative. i

The main Question being put. That the Debate of thd Matter touching Lindsey Level be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the-Clock j The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Sir Robert Howard, f Tellers for the Yeas Mr. Progers, \ With the Yeas, J 57*

Sit Charles Huffey, f Tellers for the Noes:7 A: Mr. Seymour, \ With the Noes, j 5"*

And so it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That it be referred to the former Committee, to tonfider of a Judicature to be inserted in the Bill for Lindsey Level; and report it to the House To-morrov^ Morning: And the Committee is revived; and to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Place formerly appointed.

A Bill for the better ordering and cohering the Revenue arising by Hearth-Money was read the Firil: time.

: The Question being.put, The Bill be now read the Second time;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Bill was accordingly read the Second time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed to Sir Robert Howard ', Mr. Hungerford, Sir Wm. , Colonel

Leg, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Robert Holt, Mr.

Mr. Clifford, Mr. Heath, Colonel Gilby, Mr. Sir

Tho. Gowre, Colonel Birch, Colonel Reymes, Sir Philip Warwicke, Mr. Rigby, Sir Bain. Throckmorton, Sir John Birkenhead, Colonel Windham, Sir Tho. Ingram, Sir John Buncombe, Mr . Bryn, Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. Waller, Sir John Brampfton, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Seymour, Sir John Rous,

Sir Tho. Allan, Sir Clifford Clifton, Colonel Phillips, Mr, Whorwood, Sir Edm. Pcoley, Sir John Fredericke, Lord Fitzharding, Sir Wm.Thompson, Mr. Strickland, Sir Charles bluffy. Sir Edm. Bowyer, Me* Mountague, Mr. Jolly, Mr. John Vaughan, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Edm. Peirfe, Mr. Westphaling, Sir Cha. Sir

Oately, Lord St. John, Sir Theop. Biddolph, Mr. Bulteele; And all the Members of this House, that come to the Committee, are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

; r

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Thomas Bird and Sir Wm. Glafcocke;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have returned you down the additional Bill for the better ordering the Forces of this Kingdom, with feme Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House: And did allb corrtr mand us to acquaint you. That they had agreed to the Bill for regulating Vestries; and the Bill for the preventing the Selling of live fat Cattle by Butchers.

The Question being put, That the Bill for railing Wood and Timber, and improving his Majesty's Revenue in the Forest of Beane, be now read the Second time *,

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Sir John Talbott, j Tellers for the Yeas:

Mr. Harbord, I. With the Yeas, J 9 Sir Tho. Strickland, J Tellers for the Noes: I

Mr. Clifford, c With the Noes, 1 75‘~

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative: And the Bill was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to ther Committee or the Revenue, to which the Matter concerning Beane Forest was formerly committed, and whto made their Report therein: And that Sir Henry Wood and Sir Wm. Batten be added to the Committee: And tH.«a Committee are hereby revived: And they are to meet ac Two of the Clock.this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber j and to summon and hear the Parties concerned 5.

and

1 $ Car* II. Journals j

*and Gounfel for such as shall desire it: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. And the Committee are to take eare for Sir John Wintour's Security: And that Provision be made for the Creditors of Sir John,

out of the Security which Sir John Wintour has for his Money.

Mr. Secretary Bennett reports, from his Majesty, That he had commanded him to acquaint this House, That, having appointed former Days for a Recess of the Parlia-"ment; and the same being disappointed, by reason some Bills of Importance were not ready; but this House having now given Dispatch to moll of the Publick Bills which were depending; he had sent to the Lords to fit Forenoon and Afternoon, for expediting such Bills: And intended to be at the House of Lords on Monday next, to pass such Bills as were ready; and give a Recess to the Parliament.

Ordered, That the Petition of Mr. Fitton be read Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, when the House is full.

Ordered, That the Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the additional Bill for the better ordering the Forces of this Kingdom, be proceeded in Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Committee, to which the Bill against Licentiousness and Profaneness was committed, be revived and do fit this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the Place formerly appointed.

Ordered, That the Bill for Soldiers that have served

His Majesty to set up Trades, be' read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crawn, to make out a Writ, for the Election ol a Knight for the County of Denbigh, in the room of Sir Thomas Middleton, lately deceased.

Die Jo-vis, 2 30 Julii, 150 Hd* Regis.

Prayers.

SIR 'Thomas Littleton reports, From the Committee to which the Bill for Setting-up the Making of Linen

and Tapestry-Hangings..... That the Committee

had agreed some Amendments to be made, and a Pro-viso to be added, to the Bill: Which he read in his Place j and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

And the Amendments being' twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to *,

The Proviso was twice read: ‘

Ordered, That the Word now" be added to the Proviso.

Which was done , and the Proviso, so amended, agreed to be Part of the Bill.

Another Proviso, on the Behalf of such as shall exer-eife the Trades in the Bill for Three Years, to enjoy the Privileges of Natural-born Subjects, of this Kingdom, was twice read *, and amended:

Resolved, &c. That the Proviso, amended, be agreed

to.

Resolved, That the Bill, with, the Amendments and Provisoes agreed to, be ingossed.

Sir Thomas Tompkins reports, from the Committee to which the Petition of several Merchants, Victuallers, and other Ttadefmen, was committed. That the Committee, upon hearing the parties concerned, and Examination of the whole Matter, had proceeded to pass these Resolves:

I. That the Debt, in the Petition mentioned, is comprehended within the Act of Parliament for the Discharge of the Army and Navy; and was also Hated by the Auditors, upon Oath; and presented to the Commissioners

Hqtife of Commons. 52 p

appointed by That Ad; who would have issued the Warrants for the Discharge of it, but that there was no iMoney left.

2. That it be reported to the House, That it did appear, That the very individual Stores, for a very great Part, were, in his Maj city's Magazines, and Fleet that brought home his Majesty: And that the Committee are further of Opinion, That it is a Debt, that, in Honour and Justice, ought to be taken care of.

Resolved, That this House will take this Matter into Consideration at their next Meeting after the Recess.

Resolved, That S.ufan Dawson, and Mr. Samuel Bartlett her Attorney, be sent for in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, of his Deputy; for their Breach of Privilege, in disobeyir.g the Order of this House, and giving new Notice for a Tryal against the Tenants of Mr. Graham, a Member of this House, after they had Notice of the . laid Order for Stay of Proceedings, in the Suit commenced at Law against the Tenants of the said Mr. Graham.

Ordered, That Mr. William Coventry do go to the Lords, to desire a Conference with the Lords upon the Bill for settling the Profits of the Poll-Office and Wine-Licences on the Duke of Tor he, and the Heirs Males of his Body.

Mr. Barnaby reports, from the Committee to which it was referred to inspefit the A fils against transporting Wool and Wool-fells, and the Afil against Exporting of Leather, That the Committee found the Afits defective in these Particulars; viz.

In the Act for Wool, &V.;

I. The Defefit was made appear, by Counsel, That it' was, for that there is Power to seize, but not to search.

II. That there are no particular Persons appointed to seize.

The Expedient propounded was. That the King might have Power to grant Commissions to particular Persons (not excluding others) to search and seize: Upon which it was voted.

That his Majesty have Power, by Himself, or die Lord Treasurer, to authorize any Persons, under the Great Seal, or Privy Seal, to search any Wools, &c. intended to be transported, as in the Afil; and that they have Power to break open any Warehouses, Barns, or other Places, and also into any Ship, Vessel, &c. to' search and seize, as aforesaid: These not to restrain or hinder any other Persons appointed by the former Act or Afits of Parliament.

III. That the Packing and Pressing of any the Goods aforesaid by Screws, or any other Ways than by handing and treading, be, the Second time, made Felony.

The Reason whereof was. That this Inconvenience was much prafilifed, notwithstanding the former Penalty; which was Forfeiture of the Goods, or Value thereof.

IV. It appeared, divers Persons were employed to pack up the Goods aforesaid by Screws, &c. that will not discover the Owner or Parties that employ them: Upon which it was voted,

1.That if any Person do pack or fteeve any Wool, £sV.

that is not Owner of the Goods, but employed by some other Person to pack, G?c.; and, upon Examination before any Justice of the Peace, will not confess who is the proper Owner,' or set him on Work on so packing, &c.; That such Person and Persons shall be committed, without Bail or Mainprize, to the next common Gaol; there to remain for Six Months; and to Hand Three times on the Pillory within the Time of the saisi Six Months, publickly, in the next Market-Town unto the said Gaol; and to be whipped at his Departure.

2. That it is the Desire ol this Committee, That it be referred to this Committee, to draw a Bill to the Purposes aforesaid,

6 S In

Journals of the House of Commons. A.\663.

In the Act for Leather:

t. Upon Inspection into the Act against Transportirg of Leather, the Committee were of Opinion, That there was a Defect in the Power given to search and seizey it being to the Matters and Wardens of the Shoemakers, &c. and to their Deputies; and to the Farmers and Officers of the Custom-Housey and to all Justices of Peace, Mayors, and Chief Officers of Corporations: Whereas they are not fit Persons to do it themselves; and they have no Power to depute? and therefore conceived to be ineffectual: They therefore, voted,

That his Majesty have Power, by Himself, or the Lord Treasurer, to authorize any Persons,. under the Great Seal, or Privy Sealy to search any Leather, to the end to prevent and hinder the further Transportation of any Raw Hides, or English Tanned Leather, contrary to the said Acts, or either of them: And that all Persons that shall be employed herein, that shalf offend and do contrary to the Trusts and Powers given him, shall be liable to a Fine; and further, to give good Security to his Majesty's Use, for the well and due Performance hereof: This not to restrain or hinder any other Person appointed by the former Act or Acts of Parliament.

II. Objection, was against the Clauffe of Transporting of Calves-Skins Thirty-six Pounds Weight Dozen y for that they have a Trick to shave largest Calves-Skins, to make them of that Weight: It was therefore voted.

That there may not be transported,. out of the Kingdom of Etiglan&r any manner of Calves-Skins, dressed or undressed, which shall exceed the Weight of Twenty-four Pounds the Dozen; and that- no one Skin do exceed the Weight of Two Pounds and an Half the Skin; upon Pain, that every Person offending herein, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; to be sued for, and recovered, as shall be prescribed.

III. Complaint was. That several Persons buy and sell Leather again without working ity to the great Prejudice of the Manufacture: They therefore voted,

That no Person should buy Leather, and fell it again unwrought, under the Penalty of Five hundred Pounds y Half to the King, Half to the Informer: But, on Complaint of divers Shoemakers, That the Way of Information was not fb effectual, they desired it might be by Way of Searching and Seizing of die Leather: Upon which it was voted.

That his Majesty have Power, by Himself, or the Lord Treasurer, under the Great Seal, or Privy Seal, to authorize any Persons to search and seize alt such Red Tanned Leather as should be bought, fold, or transpora-ed, by any Person or Persons, contrary to, and prohibited by any Act of Parliament: And that there be no Cutters of Leather to fell, but such as make the same into made Wares, under a Penalty. This not to restrain any other Person appointed by the former Act or Acts of Parliament.

This is the Desire of this Committee y That it be referred to this Committee, to draw a Bill to the Purposes before-mentioned.

Resolved, &c. That Leave be given for the preparing and bringing in a Bill or Bills, against the next Meeting of the House after the Recess, for preventing the Frauds in Transporting of Leather, and Wool and Wool-fells.

Sir Robert Howard reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for the better ordering and collecting the Revenue arising by Hearth-Money..... some Amend-

ments, agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill: Which were thrice read j and, on the Question, agreed to.

There being several Blanks, for Penalties, left in the Bill, the Penalties to fill up the Blank were, upon the Question, severally agreed to *, and inserted in the BilL

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingossed.

Mr. Coventry reports, That the Lords had agreed-to a present Conference, upon the Bill for the settling the

Profits of the Post-Office and Wine-Licences on the Duke of Yorke, in the Painted Chamber.

Mr. Pryn reports. That they had acquainted the Lords, That this House had agreed with all the Amendments, lent from the Lords, to the Bill for settling the Profits of the Post-Office and Wine-Licences on the Duke of

Ycrke, except to That Amendment for omitting the Proviso on the Behalf of such as had Patents for felling Wine by Retale.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Child and Sir JuJlinian Lewin y

Mr. Speaker, The Lords do desire a present Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, upon the additional Bill concerning the Excise.

Ordered, That this House doth agree with the Lordt to a present Conference in the Painted Chamber: And Mr. Birch, Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. , Serjeant Charles

ton, Mr. Finch, Sir Wm. Doyley, Sir Philip Warwicke,

Mr. Scawen, and Mr. Pryny. are to attend the Conference y. and make a Report of it to the House.

The Messengers being called in ? Mr. Speaker did acquaint them. That the House had considered of their Message y and agreed to a present Conference iir the Painted ..... , upon the Bill of Excise.

A Petition of Alexander and Edward Lloyd

Esquires, was read.

An mgrofied Bill for making void several Conveyances, made by the Lord Mollineux in the late Times, was read.

Resolved,. That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide shall be, Act for making void several Conveyances, made by the Lord Mollineux in the late Times.

And Mr. Rigby is to carry up the Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

The House adjourns fill Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Post Meridiem,

AN mgrofied Bill, for the encouraging the Mami-fastures of making Linen Cloth and Tapestry was read.

Resolved, &c. That the last Proviso in the Bill, concerning the Saving the Privileges of such as are incorporated for the Making of Linen Cloth, be omitted. Which was done y and, upon the-Question, agreed to Resolved, &c. That- the Bill, so amended, do pass r And that the Tide shall be. An Act for felting up the Making of Linen and Tapestry.

Serjeant Charleton reports, from the Conference had with the Lords, upon the additional Bill concerning the Excise, That the Lords had made several Amendment* to be made to the Bill y which they delivered at the Conference, with their Reasons for such Amendments: Which. Amendments he read, with the Coherence, in the Bill y and also opened the Reasons of such Amendments; and after, delivered in the Amendments at the Clerk's Table.

The First Amendment, to the Twenty-fifth Line of the Bill, was twice read y and, upon the Question, agreed.

The next Amendment, to the Thirtieth Line, was twice read y and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Amendment to the Thirtieth Line of the Bill was read twice.

Resolved, That this Amendment be agreed to, with the Addition of the Word " other,'* after the Word " every," in the said Thirtieth Line of the Bill.

The Amendment to the Forty-second Line of the Bill, being, to leave out all that follows to the Word " and" exclusive, in the Eighty-fourth Line, was read the Secohd time.

The

15 Car. II. journals of the House of Commons.

The Question being put, To agree with the Lords in This Amendment j

It passed in the Negative.

The next Amendments, to the Ninety-second, Ninety-fourth, One hundred and Ninety-ninth, Two hundred and Twenty-first. Two hundred and Seventy-fifch Lines of the Bill, were read twice; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Amendment to the Three hundred and Tenth Line, being, to add a Proviso Clause before the j and the Clause to be added; was twice read.

Ordered, That these Words, " Cyder, Perry, and Metheglin," be added, after the Word " Ale," in the Second Line of the Second Paragraph of the Clause.

Ordered, That, in the Clause concerning the Distillef of Aqua Vita, all the Words from and after the Word " consigned," in the Fifth Line of the same Paragraph, unto the Word " shall," in the Fifteenth Line of the same Paragraph, be omitted.

Ordered, That the Words " fold^ delivered, or received," be omitted, out of the last Line but one of the same Paragraph.

The Amendment to the Three hundred and Seventy-second Line of the Bill was twice read j and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Amendment to the Three hundred and Eighty-fifth Line was twice read.

The Question being put. To agree with the Lords in This Amendment i

The House was divided.

The Noes went out.

Colonel Reymes, Mr. Birch,

Sir Tho. Meres,

Sir Tho. Gowre,

f Tellers for the Yeas :7

i With the Yeas, $ 2'* f Tellers for the Noes

I With the Noes, } r And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The last Amendment, to the Four hundred and Twenty-second Line, was twice read.

The Question being pur. To agree with the Lords j

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Amendments to the additional Bill for the Ex-cife: And Sir Tho. Meres is to desire the Conference: And the same Persons that did manage the last Conference on the Bill, are to manage this' Conference.

Die Vi eneris, 240 Juliiy 150 Car. IId'»

Prayirj.

AN ingrossed Bill, for the better ordering and collecting the Revenue arising by Hearth-Money, was

read.

An ingrossed Proviso, on the Behalf of the Bailiff of Westminster, was read.

The Proviso was read the Second time:

The Proviso was read the Third time:

Refolded, That these Words, " Saving only for the Collecting of such Arrears as then shall happen to be,'* be inferfed into the Proviso.

Which was done.

Resolved, &c. That the Proviso, so amended, be agreed to, and made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be. An additional Act for the better ordering and collecting the Revenue arising by Hearth-Money.

And Sir Robert Howard is to carry up the Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

Sir William Doyley reports, from the Committee to Which the Bill touching the Arrears of Excise, and a Proviso thereto, were committed. That the Committee had agreed several Amendments to be made and added to the Bill and Proviso: Which he read, with the Coherence j and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

And the Amendments, being twice read, were, upon tfae Question, severally agreed to.

2

The Proviso Was twice read.

The Question being put, That the Proviso be agreed to j

It passed in the Negadve.

The Question being put, That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed;

It was resolved in the Affirmative*

Some Debate being had, touching the Importance of the Bills sent up, and now depending before the Lords, to prevent the Growth of Popery, and the Meeting of Sectaries j and for an Address to his Majesty, in case those Bills should not pass, to acquaint him of the Danger the Kingdom was in;

Resolved, That the Matter of the present Debate, irf relation to an Address to be made to his Majesty, be adjourned until Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock} and then taken into Confederation.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Thomas Bird and Sir Nathaniel Hobart;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a present free Conference with this House,' upon the Subject-Matter of the last Conference concerning the Wine-Licences.

The Messengers being withdrawn

Resolved, That this House doth agree to a present free Conference: And that those Members which did manage the last Conference, with Mr. Jones (who is added to them), are to manage the free Conference.

the Mefilhgers being called ..; Mr. Speaker acquaints' them. That the House had agreed to a present free Conference With the Lords, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Howard do carry up the Bills, touching the Hearth-Money, and the Linen Manufactures, to the Lords; and desire a present free Conference upon the Bill concerning the Excise.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Tho. Bird and Sir Nath. Hobart;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have returned you Three Bills, with some Amendments: The one, intituled, An Act to explain and supply a former Act, for Distribution of Sixty thousand Pounds amongst the truly loyal and indigent Commission-Officers; and for Assessing of Offices, and distributing the Monies thereby raised for their further Supply: The other. An Act for regulating the Herring and other Fisheries: The Third, An Act for Encouragement of Trade: And desire the Concurrence of this House to the Amendments: And have commanded to acquaint you, That they have consented to Three Bills concerning the Naturalizing of several Persons.

The Amendments, sent from the Lords, for ordering the Forces in the several Counties of this Kingdom, were twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

Resolved, &c. That the Agreements be inserted into the Bill.

The Amendments to the Bill concerning the indigent loyal Commission-Officers was twice read and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Amendments to the Bill for regulating the Herring and other Fisheries, being, to add* in the Title, " and for Repeal of the Act concerning Madder," was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

Mr. Seymour reports, from the free Conference had with the Lords, upon the Bill concerning the Post-Office and Wine-Licences, That the Lords did adhere to their Amendment for omitting the Proviso on the Behalf of the Pa* tentees *, and gave several Reasons of their Adherence; Which he opened at the Bar.

And the same being debated;

The Question being put. To agree with the Lords, ia leaving out the Proviso concerning the Patenteesi

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Sir Robert Howard reports, from the Lords, That they had conlcnted to a present free Conference upon the Bill, and Amendments, concerning the Excise.

Ordered, That the Persons formerly named do manage the Conference.

Ordered, That Sir ‘Thomas Meres do carry up the several Bills agreed to, up to the Lords.

Another Message from the Lords, by Sir Thomas Bird and Sir Nath. Hobart v

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill against deceitful, disorderly, and excessive Gaming: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.:

The Bill lent from the Lords, against deceitful, disorderly, and excessive Gaming, was read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time To-

morrow Morning.

The House adjourns till Tomorrow Morning, at Seven of the Clock.

Sabbat./, 250 diecJuliii 15° Car. Hdi Regis.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, against deceitful, disorderly, and excessive Gaming, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Sol-licitor-General, Sir Wm. Doyley, Mr. , Sir John Birkenhead, Lord Ancram, Sir B , Sir Philip Warwick, Sir Edm. Pooley, Lord , Mr.

ney, Mr. Henley, Mr . Steward, Colonel

" Windham, Mr. Taylerr Lord St. Mr. , Mr,

Westphaling, Sir Lancelot Lak, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Colonel Leg, Sir Tho. Gower, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Cha.

Harbord, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Dan, Sir T Mr.

Wandesford, Colonel Gilby, Mr. , Colonel wayes, Sir Clifford Clifton, Mr. Crouch: And they are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber, at Two of the Clock this Afternoon: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Mondeford ston and Sir Wm. Glafcocke\

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have returned the Bill, intituled, An Act for the settling the Draining of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, with some Amendments, and Provisoes, to be made, and added to the Bill: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

An additional Bill, ingrossed, for the Recovery of the Arrears of the Excise, was read.

The Question being put, That the Bill do pass; '

" The House was divided.

The Y eas went out.

Colonel Le»g, f Tellers for the Yeas: ")

Mr Newport, \ With the Yeas,

Sir Robert Holt, S' Tellers for the Noes:

Colonel Strangwayes, \ With the Noes, 3 ^T'

" And so it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title shall be, An # *

And Sir Thomas Meres is to carry up the Bill to the

Lords for their Concurrence.

- Upon Information, That one Daniel Osborne had, by one# Horfnell, his Attorney, sued Sir ten, a Member of this House, to an Exigent, upon an Outlawry, during the Sitting of the Parliament,

Ordered, That the said Daniel and Hors

>ell, his Attorney, be sent for in the Custody of the Serjeant- at Arms attending this House, or his Deputy.-, for their-Breach of Privilege in suing Sir Henry,

a Member of this House, to an Exigent, upon an Outlawry, during the Sitting of the Parliament.

a... 1 ..

Upo.n Inibi motion, That one Samuel Toy lay and Mr. St fed, his Attorney, had sued,. Sir Gilbert a

Member of this House, to an Exigent, upon an Outlawry, during the Sitting of the Parliament -

Ordered, That the said Samuel and Mr. Stifled, his Attorney, be sent for, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, or his Deputy -, for their Breach of Privilege, in suing Sir Gerrard, a Mem-

ber of this House, to an Exigent, upon an Outlawry', during the Sitting of the Parliament.

Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill for Encouragement of Trade, were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Two Provisoes, by way of Addition to the Bill, sent from the Lords, were thrice read; and, upon die Question, agreed to.

Ordered, That the Bill be amended, and Provisoe3 added, accordingly.

And that Sir Thothas Littleton do carry the BUI back to the Lords.

The House then resumed the Debate touching an Act-dress to be made to his Majesty, to put the Laws against Recusants and Scftaries in Execution.

Resolved, That his Majesty be desired to issue out hiS Proclamation, for putting the Laws in Force against Po-piffi Recusants, Sectaries, and Non-conformists, in effectual Execution.

And that this Desire be presented to his Majesty by the Speaker of this House.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Wm. Child and Sir Win. Glascock:

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a present free Conference with, this House, upon the Subject-Matter of the last Conference, upon the additional Bill of the Excise.

Ordered, That this Ploufe doth agree to the free Conference.

The Mefil-ngers being called in, Mr. Speaker did acquaint them, That the House had agreed to a present free Conference, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Coventry do desire a Conference with the Lords, upon the Bill concerning the Post-Office, and Wine-Licences,. being agreed to by this House.

And that Sir Tho. Meres, at the Conference, deliver

the Bill to the Lords.

Amendments and Provisoes, sent from the Lords, to the Bill for settling the Draining the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, were thrice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

Resolved, That the Bill be amended, and the Provisoes agreed, be added.

And # # is to return the Bill to the Lords.

Resolved, That it be humbly recommended to - the King's Majesty, to give Leave for the Accommodation of the foreign Plantation, with such Horses as their Occasions shall necessarily require.

And Sir Wm. Compton, Mr. Henry Coventry, and Mr. Wm. Coventry, are desired to attend his Majesty with this

Recommendation, from this House,

Resolved, That it be humbly recommended to the King's Majesty, to take care for the Preservation and Increase of the Timber in the Forest of DeaneAnd that Sir John Win-tout be secured, and satisfied, what is due to him, according to his Agreement, made before the Committee of the Revenue, and their Votes agreed to by this House.

And Sir Wm. Compton, Sir John Talbott,. and Mr. Coventry, are to attend his Majesty with this Recommem dation.

.Serjeant Charleton reports, from the Conference had With the Lords, upon the Bill of Excise, That the Lords had agreed with this House, in the Amendments made to the Lords Amendments.

An

An ingrafted Bill, sent from the Lords, to confirm a Grant of Four Subsidies, given by the Clergy; and the Grant of the Clergy affixed to the Act; were read the Iirft time.

The Bill was read the Second and Third time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be agreed to.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the Bill against deceitful, disorderly, and excessive Gaming.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Serjeant Charleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker reafliimed the Chair.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Child and Sir lism. Glafcocke-,

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have returned you Two Bills, with some Amendments and Alterations-, the one intituled, Jr. n Act for granting Four intire Subsidies to his Majesty, by the Temporary; the other intituled, An Act for Relief of such Persons as by Sickness, or other Impediment, were disabled from subscribing the Declaration in the Act of Uniformity and Explanation of Part of the said Act: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

The Additions and Amendments of the Lords, to the said Bill of Subsidies, were read the First, Second, and "third time; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

'Fhe Amendment of the Lords, to the said Bill, for Relief of such Persons as, by Sickness, or other Impediment, were disabled from subscribing the Declaration in the Act of Uniformity; and Explanation of Part of this Act; were read the First and Second time.

The First Amendment, to the Second Skin, the First Line, was read the Third time:

The Question being put, To agree with the Lords in this Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The next Amendment, to the Fourteenth Line of the same Skin, was read the Third time:

The Question being put. To agree with the Lords in this Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The several Amendments to the Fifteenth, Sixteenth, Seventeenth.Twenty-fifth, Twenty-seventh, Forty-fourth, Forty-fifth, and Forty-sixth Lines of the same Skin, were read the Third time; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

A Proviso, by way of Addition to the Bill, after the "Word " notwithstanding," in the Fiftieth Line of the same Skin, was read the Third time; and* upon the Question, agreed to.

An additional Clause, from the Lords, to be inserted at the End of the Bill, being in Paper, was read the Third timer

The Question being put. To agree with the Lords, That this additional Clause be made Part of the Bill;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Mr. Mount ague,f Tellers for the Yeas: 7

Sir Tho. Littleton, \ With the Yeas, j

Sir John Cotton, {"Tellers for the Noes:?

Sir John Buncombe, With the Noes, y

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Amendments to the Bill for Relief of such Persons as, by Sickness, or other Impediment, were disabled Irom subscribing the Declaration in the Act of Uniformity; and Explanation of Part of the said Act.

And Sir Job Charleton* Lord , Mr. Henry Coventry, Sir John Buncombe, Mr. , Colonel,

Colonel Strangwayes, and Sir John Birkenhead, are to

manage this Conference: Who are also, upon the Conference, to take notice, That the additional Clause, the Lords lent down, ought to have been in Parchment, and not in the Paper Amendments.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Wm. Child and Sir TVm. Glafcocke;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords return you Two Bills; the one intituled, An additional Act for the better ordering and collecting the Revenue arising by Hearth-Money; the other intituled, An Act for managing the Manu-faifture of making Linen-Cloth and Tapeliry: With some Amendments, and Provisoes: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

The House adjourns till Monday Morning next, at Eight of the Clock.

Die Lunce, ijalJulii, 15 II"'

Prayers.

/XRdered., That the Order concerning Mr. Gardner he renewed: And that Mr. Progers, Mr. Finch,- and Mr. Metrice, be added to the Persons named in the said Order: And that they, or any Two of them, do attend his Majesty therewith.

A Proviso, font from the Lords, to be added to the Bill for the encouraging the Manufactures of making Linen and Tapestry, was thrice read.

Resolved, &c. That the Proviso be made Part of the Bill.

Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill concerning Hearth-Money; and two Provisoes, to be added to the Bill -, were thrice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

Sir John Birkinhead reports, from the Committee, to which the Matter touching a Judicature for Lindsey Level was committed. That it is the Opinion of the Committee, That it be reported to the House, that they know not well how to name a Judicature, until the House please to de*. dare. What Powers That Judicature shall have.

Resolved, &c. That the Debate of this Report be adjourned till the next Meeting of the House, after the Recess.

Ordered, That Sir John Birkinhead do desire a Conference with the Lords, upon the Bill for Relief of such as were disabled to fubforibe the Declaration in the Act of Uniformity.

Ordered, That the Persons formerly appointed do manage the Conference.

Sir William Compton reports. That his Majesty having been attended with the Recommendation from this House, on the Behalf of the foreign Plantations; That his Majesty was graciously pleased to declare. That he would take care, that the Plantations shall be furnished with such Horses as should be fit for their Occasions, upon as ealy Terms, as if the Clause concerning the Plantations had been inserted in the Act for Encouragement of Trade.

Resolved, &c. That the same of the ‘old Patentees, for foiling Wines by Retale, be recommended to his Royal Highness the Duke of Torke, to take them into Consideration, for such Satisfaction as he shall think fit: And that this Desire of the House be presented to his Highness, by Mr. Speaker.

A Grant of Subsidies, by the Province of Torke, was read.

A Petition of the Hackney-Coachmen was read.

Ordered, That this said Petition be referred to the Commissioners for Hackney-Coaches; to take the said Petition into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. George Withers be discharged of his Imprisonment in the Tower; giving Bond to the Lieutenant of the Tower for his good Behaviour.

6 T A Mcf-

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Child and Sir JuJlinian Lewen,

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint you. That they have agreed with this House, in their Amendments to the Bill for Relief of Persons that were disabled to subscribe the Declaration in the Act of Uniformity.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Ex!oh Ulher of the Black Rod,

Mr. Speaker, His Majesty commands this Honourable House to attend Him prd'encly, in His House of Peers.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the Lords, to attend his Majesty: Who was pleated to prorogue the Parliament until the Sixteenth Day of March next ensuing.

Mercuriiy163 die Mart it, 163 Car. ir*.

Prayers.

MR. Secretary Morrice delivers a Message from his Majesty, to this Effect; viz. This His Majesty did passionately long to lee His Houses of Parliament; and thought the Time long, till He did meet them: But He did hear, there were several Members upon the Road, who would be here in a few Days: And that His Majesty had some Occasions, which did, at present, somewhat impede His coming to meet His Houses of Parliament.

Ordered, That this House be adjourned tiil Monday Morning next, at Eight of die Clock.

Luna,210 Martiiyi6° II*1.

Prayers.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir John Eyton Ulher of the Black Rod j Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend Him forthwith, in His House of Peers.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Lords, to attend his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker reports, from his Majesty, That, being conscious he should do the King Injury to trust his Memory with his Majesty's Speech, he had therefore deftred his Majesty to have it from him in Writing: Which his Majesty had graciously condescended to.

Which Speech Mr. Speaker having read to the House , Ordered, That his Majesty's gracious Speech be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Act for the Triennial Parliament be read, and taken into Consideration, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock.

A Bill for taking away Damage Cleere was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read the Second time on Wednesday next.

Ordered, That a Committee of Elections and Privileges be appointed of the Members following; viz. Sir George Carteretty Sir William Morrice, Sir Hungerford, Lord

Ancram, Lord Mandivill, Mr. Jonath. Sir George

Proberty Sir Rich. Oately, Sir Sir Hump.

Winch, Earl Newburgh, Mr. Crouch, Mr. amen. Sir Henry Capell, Mr.. Edw. Phillips, Mr. Henry Seymour,

Sir Henry North, Mr. Marvill, Sir Rich. Maleverer, Sir Maurice Berkley, Mr. Street, Sir Rich. Ford, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Tulfe, Mr. James Herbert, Sir Baynham Throgmorton,

Lord Fanshaw, Sir Thomas Fanshaw, Sir John

Sir William Lewis, Mr. Laurence Hide, Mr. Weld, Dr. Burrell, Sir Gervas Clifton, Sir John Holland, Sir John Harrison, Sir John Strangwayes, Mr. Standley, Sir Robert Holt, Sir John Barrington, Sir Bayn. Throckmorton, Mr. Malleit, Sir Rich. Ingoldsby, Mr. Gyles Strangwayes, Sir John Newton, Sir John Brampfton, Mr. Mainwaring, Colonel Windham, Mr. Scudamore, Sir Jordan Crojland, Sir William Lowther, Sir Henry Lea, Sir Brcham, Sir

Ralph Hare, Sir John Cotton, Mr. Hender Roberts, Sir Tho. Heblethwaite, Mr. Collins, Mr. John

Mr. Denny Ashburnham, Mr. Peckham, Sir Tho. Peyton,

Mr. Pendarvis, Sir George Ryve, Sir Ralph Bancks, Sir IJeneage Finch, Mr. William MSir Thomas Meres,

Sir Tho. Strickland, Lord Mnnsfeild, Sir Puckering, Sir Gilbert Ireland, Sir Rich. Onslow, Sir John Norton, Sir James Smith, Colonel Fretcbvile, Sir Allan Afsley, Mr. William Coventry, Sir Hugh Pollard, Sir John Roll, Sir Tho. Tompkins, Mr. Arthur SSir Solomon Swale, Sir Philip Warwicke, Sir John Sir Philip

grave, Serjeant Charleton, Sir Francis Goodricke, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Lewes Palmer, Mr. Lord St. John,

Sir John Bttrlace', Mr. Vaughan, Mr. No ell, Mr. Orme,

Mr. Heath, Mr. Goddard, Sir Tho. Blodworth, Colonel Kirkby, Mr. Gyles Hungerford, Sir Chi chafer Wray, Mr. George Mount ague. Sir George Stonehoufr, Sir John ington. Sir Nicholas Crisp, Sir Edmund Sir Hump.

Bennett, Mr. Phillips, Sir John Talbott, Sir William ley. Sir John Hotham, Mr. Waring, Sir Anth. Cope, Mr, Tho. Chicheley, Sir Tho. Doleman, Mr. Glafccck, Mr. Eyre, Mr. William Sandys, Sir

Colonel Gilby, Lord Combury, Sir John Nicholas, Mr. Strickland, Mr. Crimes, Mr. Darcy, Sir William IIart of Sir William Bowyer, Sir George Souds, Mr. Edward Seymour, Mr. Lowther, Lord Willoughby, Mr.

Serjeant Littleton, Mr. Henry Coventry, Mr. , Mr.

Tayler, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Stroud, Sir John Shaw, Mr. Wloittaker, Sir Rich.Temple, Sir William Fleetwood, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Windham, Sir George Fletcher, Sir Tho. Widdrington, Mr. Hide, Sir Robert Howard, Sir William Smith, Mr. Edw. Smith, Mr. Bulk-ley, Mr. Pitt, Sir Edw. Walpo Mr. William Gawdy,

Mr. Henley, Sir Will.Whitmore, Mr. Croke, Colonel Morley, Sir John Fagg, Lord Le de Spencer, Mr. Wal-

den, Mr. Swinfen, Mr. Henry Williams, Sir John Pelham, Sir John Knight, Sir Hugh Bet hell, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Proby, Mr. Sherrard, Mr. Waller, Mr. Burnaby, Sir Roger Bradshaw, Mr. Pierpoint, Sir John Denham, Mr. Clifford, Mr. Packer, Sir Edm.Pooley, Mr. Wren, Mr. Long, Mr.

Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Tucker, Lord Buckhurjt, Sir 7ho. Ingram, Colonel Legg, Sir Rich. Everard, Lord Botler, Sir Rich. Wynn, Sir John Torke, Sir George How,

Sir John Lewkner, Mr. Whitley, Sir Francis Clerk, Lord Richardson, Colonel Browne, Lord Sir Robert

Atkins, Sir Herbert Price, Sir Hugh Windham, Lord Ross, Colonel Reymes, Mr. Churchill, Mr. John Strangwayes, Sir Robert Brooke, Sir Just. Ifham, Mr. Robert Croke, Mr. Flint, Mr. Prideaux, Sir Henry Herbert, Sir John Dun-combe, Sir Allan Brodericke, Mr. Sir Benj. Ay-

loffe. Sir William Drake, Sir George Downing, Sir William Terringham, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Mr. Randle

Egerton, Mr. Devereux, Dr. Arris, Sir Adrian Scroope, Sir Tho. Midleton, Colonel Bowyer, Sir Francis Law ley Sir John Elliott, Mr. Graham, Mr. Sir John

Corriton, Sir John Moreton, I.ord Brerelon, Sir John Berkenhead, Mr. John How, Mr. Mr. Chet-

win. Sir Edw. Seymour, Mr. William Ruff ell, Mr. John Trelawny, Sir Thomas Gowre, Sir Henry Felton, Sir Tho. Mompeffon, Mr. Buckland, Mr. Sir Matth. Ap-

pleyard, Mr. Scott, Mr. Oneale, Sir John Rowfe, Mr. Hugh Bofcawen, Sir John Covett, Sir Rowland Berkley, Colonel Sands, Mr. George , Sir Clifford Clifton,

Mr. Font, Mr. Trevanion, Mr. Rofcarrocke, Sir Edw.

Moseley, Mr. Earneley, Mr. Torke, Sir Tho. Smith, Mr. Andrew Newport, Mr. 77so. Price, Colonel Robinson, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Mr. Cofferer, Mr. Wancklyn, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Fox, Sir John Robinson, Mr. Colonel

dell, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. He.'.rle, Mr. Tanner, Mr,

16Car. II. Journals of the Hou Commons.

George, Mr. Wharton, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Oldfeild, Colonel Gray, Sir Anth. Irby, Lord Cajlleton, Sir John Fredericke. Sir Tho. Whitmore, Sir Metcalfe , Mr.

Sir Edward Masters, Mr. WeJtp Mr. Thomas, Mr.

Knowles, Sir Charles Huffey, Mr. Lovelace, Mr. Heath, Sir Abraham Cullen **.

Resolved, That this Committee do meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer-Chamber -, and every Tuesdays and Thursdays at Two of the Clock, in the Place before-mentioned: And do take into Consideration all such Matters, as shall or may come in Question, touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges: And to proceed upon Double Returns, in the first place; and report their Proceedings to the House: And all Persons that will question Double Returns, already made, are to do it in Fourteen Days next; and so in Fourteen Days after any new Return shall be brought in: And the Committee is to have Power to receive Petitions; And to fend for Witnesses, Papers, and Records, for their Information: And to make Report of any Matter which may concern Breach of Privilege: And all Members that are returned for Two or more Places, are to make them Elections by This-day-three-weeks, for which of the Places they will serve -, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place: And if any thing shall come in Question touching the Return, or Matter of Privilege, of any Member of this Committee, such Member is to withdraw from the Committee, during the time the Matter which concerns himself is in Debate.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do fit every Monday at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the House. '

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do fit every Wednesday in the Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do fit every Friday in the Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the House.

Ordered, That the House be Called over on Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Election of a Knight for the County of Bedford, in the room of the Lord Bruce-, he being called up to fit in the Flouic of Peers.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Election of a Knight for the County of Denbigh, in the room of Sir Thomas Middleton, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Election of a Burgess for the Borough of Richmond, in the room of Sir John York deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Election of a Citizen for the City of ,in the

room of Sir Robert Bolles, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Election of Burgesses for the Borough of Warwick, in the rooms of Sir Clement Throckmorton and Henry i/rg Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Election of a Burgess for the Town of Northampton, in the room of Mr. Baron Rainsford.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the.Crown, to make out a new Writ, for

4

the Election of a Burgess for the Town of Cambridge, in the room of Sir William Compton, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new- Writ, for the Election of a Burgess for the Borough of Harwich, in the room of Sir Henry Wright, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Election of a Burgess for the Borough of Tiverton, in the room of Sir Thomas Stewkley, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Election ot a Citizen for the City of Canterbury, in the room of Mr. Lovelace, deceased.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Martis, 2 z° Martii, 16J Car. lld,‘

Prayers.

A Bill to prevent the Yielding up of Ships to

Turkish Ships, or Sea Pirates, was read the First

time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time on Thursday next.

A Bill for the better Observation of the Lord's Day was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time, on Thursday next.

A Bill to prevent unnecessary Delays, Expences, Vexations, and Grievances, in Courts of Law and Equity, and supplying some Defects in Law, and legal Proceedings, and Executions, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time, on Saturday Morning next.

The House then took into Debate the Matter concerning the Act for a Triennial Parliament.

And a printed Copy thereof being produced,

The Question, being put. That die Act, intituled, An Act for the Preventing of Inconveniencies happening by the long Intermission of Parliaments, in the Impression produced, be read -,

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Act was read; and debated.

Resolved, &c. That a Bill be brought in for repealing the Act, intituled, An Act for the Preventing of Inconveniencies happening by the long Intermission of Parliaments-, and for the better Provision of the Calling and Holding of Parliaments once in Three Years, at the least: And that Sir John Brampfton do bring in the Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.,

Mercuriiy 13° Mart, 160 Car. U

Prayers.

A Bill for the Sale of certain Lands, for the Payment of the Debts of Sir Sackvile Glenham deceased, was read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time To-- morrow Morning.

A Petition of the Clothiers of the old and new Woolen Draperies was read.

Resolved, See. That the said Petition be referred to a Committee of these Members following , viz. Sir John Knight, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Rich. Ford, Mr. Jones, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Clifford, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Winston Churchill, Sir Bayn. Throckmorton, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Pryn, Sir John Duncombe, Colonel Kirkby, Sir John Shaw,

Slr Qjarks Harbord, Mr. Torke Sir Edmund , Mr.

Scawen, Sir Lowther, Sir Biddolph, Sir Edw.

Walpoole, Colonel Reams, Sir Tirrell, Mr.

ham, Sir 77?. Littleton, Mn Seymour, Sir Nicholas Crisp, Sir Rich. Oately, Colonel Whitley, Mr. Morrice, Sir 7/;0. Gower, Mr. Heath, Mr. Garrazvay, Colonel Sandys, Sir John Holland, Mr. Prideaux, Colonel Williams, Sir Henry North, Mr. Coventry, Mr* Westphaling: And all the Mem bers of this House, that shall come to the Committee, are to have Votes: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber, at Two of the Clock; and to take the Petition into Consideration; and to hear such Informations and Complaints as shall be offered to them, touching the Exportation of Wool-, and to view the Acts against Exporting of Wool , and the Acts touching the Making, Wearing, and Vending of Woolen Manufactures; and to consider wherein the same are defective; and of Expedients to supply them , and to prepare and bring in such additional Bill or Bills as they shall find necessary for Supply of the Defcds in the former Laws, and for the further Improvement of the said Woolen Manufadurcs and Draperies: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An additional Act for Relief of the Poor was read the Eirft time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time on Tuesday next.

Ordered, That the Bill for taking away Damage Cleere be read Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, &rc. That the said Bill be committed to Lord Richardson, Sir Allan Apfuy, Sir John Holland, Sir GawJy, Dr. Burwell, Mr. Crouch, Sir John Shaw, Sir John Rowfe, Colonel Reams , Sir Allan Broderick, Mr. Whorwood, Sir 7 ho.Allan, Sir Matthew Mr.

Walgrave, Sir Anth. Irby, Lord Sir

Duncombe, Sir Edmund Pooley, Sir Henry North, Sir John Gotten, Sir John Brampjloit, Sir George Mr. John

Afljburnham, Mr. Cofferer, Sir Winsion Churchill, Sir John Shaw, Sir Robert Atkins, Mr. Crooke, Sir Rich. Oately,

Sir William Lowther, Mr. Treasurer, Mr. Prcgers, Mr. Chichley, and all the Members of this House, that serve for the County of Sujfolke: And they are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber this Afternoon: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Grand Jury, serving for the County of Sussex, at the Assizes held at Grimjleed, was read.

Resolved, &c. That this Petition be committed to the Committee, which was appointed Yesterday to consider of the Petition of the Clothiers -, to take this Petition also into Consideration; and to report the Matter, with their Opinions, to the House: And to fend for Persons, Papers# and Records.

A Bill to make void certain Conveyances, made by Sip John Packington, to Christopher and others, of

certain Lands and Hereditaments, lying in or near Aylef-bury in the County of Bucks, was read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time on Saturday next.,

Ordered, That all such Members of this House, as are of Counsel with Mr. Roberts, have the Leave of this House to attend his Cause depending before the Lords.

A Petition of the Creditors of the Governors, Assistants, and Fellowship of the Merchant-Adventurers of England, was read.

A Bill was tendered, on the Behalf of the said Creditors.

The Question being pur. That the Bill, on the Behalf of the Creditors of the Merchant-Adventurers, be now read;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Bill for Relief of the Creditors of the Fellowship of the Merchant-Adventurers was read.

A Bill on the Behalf of the Fellowship of the Merchant-Adventurers was also read.

Resolved, &c. That thele Two Bills be read the Second time on Tuesday next.

A Bill for Repeal of the Act, intituled, An Act for the preventing the Inconveniencies happening by the long Intermission of Parliaments; and for the Provision for the Calling and Holding of Parliaments once in Three Years, at least; was read the First time.

The Question being put. Whether this Question, That the Bill be read on Auefday, be put;

The House was divided.

- - The Noes went out.

Sir 7 ho.Whitmore, f Tellers for the Yeas:

Sir Rich. Temple, \ With the Yeas,

Mr. Seymour, f Tellers for the Noes:

Mr. Stanley, \ With the Noes,

And so it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

42.

129.

Jervis, 24.0 Martii, 16° Car. Ha*.

Prayers.

A Bill for Sale of certain Lands, for the Payment of the Debts of Sir Sackvile deceased, was

read the Second time.

An Act for the taking away Damage Cleere was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Sir George Ryve, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir John Shaw, Sir Lake, Sir Henry North, Sir Winston Churchill, Sir Allan Apjley, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Wm. Gaudy, Sir 7 Sir Philip Warwick, Sir John Brampfton, Sir John Knight, Sir John Duncombe, Lord Ancram, Sir 'Thomas Meeres, Mr

Pryn, Mr. Torke, Mr. WestphalingColonel Mr.

Seymour, Colonel Sandys, Mr. Morrice, Mr. Sandys, Colonel Edm. Windham, Colonel Francis Windham, Mr. Heath, Mr. Crooke, Colonel Sir Edw. Walpoole,

Sir Hen. Worsley: And they are to meet in the Exchequer-Chamber, on Saturday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for the speedy Levying of Forfeitures incurred by Vintners, and Sellers of Beer and Ale; and for preventing Frauds and Abuses in Selling of Wine, Beer, and Ale.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time on Tuesday next.

A Bill to prevent the delivering up English Merchant Ships to Turkish Ships, and other Sea Pirates, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Coventry, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Rich. Ford, Mr. Jolly, Colonel Reames, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Sollicitor-General, Sir Wm. Batten, Sir Edw. Walpoole, Sir John Shaw, Sir John Harrison, Sir Abraham Cullen, Sir Theop. Biddolph, Sir Edw. Masters, Sir Edm. Pooley, Sir John Bramp-ston, Mr. Clifford, Sir Philip Warwick, Sir Rich. Browne, Colonel Robert Phillips, Sir Tho. Tompkins, Sir Anth. Irby, Mr.1 Moore, Mr. Seymour, Mr. King, Colonel Fretchvile, Sir John Duncombe, Sir Henry Wood, Sir Henry

Worjley, Mr. Thurland, Sir William Lowther, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Charles Cotterell, Mr. Heath, Mr. Vice-Cham-berlain, Mr. Morrice, Lord Fitzharding: And they are to meet, in the Speaker's Chamber, on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for Repeal of the Act, intituled, An Act for the preventing the Inconveniencies happening by the long

Inter-

Intermission of Parliaments; and for the better Provision for the Calling and Holding of Parliaments once in Three Years at least; was read the Second time-, and debated.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, &c. That the Committee be directed to take - care, that there be no Clause in the Bill, of Coertion on his Majesty, for the Calling of Parliaments, other than there is for the Execution of other Laws.

Resolved, That the House will, on Saturday next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to take the Bill into Consideration.

And then the House adjourned till Saturday Morning next, at Eight of the Clock.

Sabbat/, i6 ° die Martii,16° Car. IIJ'.

Pr AYE RS.

A Bill to enable Francis Ccttington and Charles

tington to settle and dispose of Lands in Jointure, for any Wife or Wives they shall take in Marriage, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be read the Second time on Yuefday next.

A Bill for the better enabling the principal Officers and Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy Royal, for the Performance of their Duties in the Service thereof, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be read the Second time on Yuejday next.

Resolved, That the Committee, appointed to consider of the Petition of the Clothiers of the Old and New Draperies, are further impowered to inquire into Reasons of the general Decay of Trade; and to consider, how the same may be advanced and improved; and offer their Opinions therein to the Ploufe: And, for this Purpose, they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and are to fit de die in diem: And that Mr. Henry Coventry, Mr. Crouch, Sir Allan , Mr. , Mr. Swinfein, Mr. Barn chain. Sir Clifford Clifton., Sir Yho. Strickland, Sir Robert Atkins, Mr. Daniell, Sir Blud-vjorth. Colonel Kirby, Sir John , Sir Francis Sir John Pelham, Mr. Vowell, Sir Yho. Carew, Mr. Coventry, Sir Yho. Meres, Sir Rich. Onslow, Sir Edm. Peirce, Sir Allan Brodcricke, Sir John , Mr.

Jones, Mr. Attorney of the Duchy, Sir Charles Berkley, Sir Yho. Dyke, Sir Wm. YhompfoSir John Fredericke,

Sir John Rcbinfon, Sir fVm. Sir George Courtop,

Nlr. Wren, and all the Members that serve for the Maritime Towns, be added to the said Committee.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of Counsel with Mr. Wynne, have the Leave of this House to attend his Cause depending before the Lords.

A Bill to make void certain Conveyances, made by Sir John Packington to Christopher Henne, and others, of certain Lands and Hereditaments lying in or near Aylef-kury in the County of Bucks, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed to Sir George JRyve, Mr. Prynn, Sir Winflon Churchill, Mr. Morrice, Colonel Realties, Sir Wtn. Lowther, Sir Wm. Gawdy, Mr. Henry Coventry, Sir Allan Apfley, Colonel Sir

Heneage Finch, Colonel Gilby, Lord Sir John

Robinson, Mr. Jones, Mr. Westphaling, Mr. Croke, Sir Henry Herbert, Sir Wm. Yerringham, Sir Charles Huffey, Sir Anth. Cope, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Clifford Clifton, Sir Mnth. Irby, Colonel Windham, Mr. Heath, Mr. Wm. Coventry, Mr. Wm. Morris, Mr. Wren, Mr. Wm. Sandys, IMr. Finch, Mr. Chichley, Mr. Crouch, Sir Wm. Smith, IMajor-General Egerton, Sir Edm. Peirce, Sir Yho. Meres, Sir Yho. Littleton, Mr. Yhomas, Mr. Newport, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Goring, Mr. Corne, Sir Edmund Pooley,

Sir Francis Lawley, Sir Francis Clerke, Sir John Sir Gilbert Gerrard, and all that serve for the County of Bucks: And they are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber, on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon. And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Maintenance of Ministers in Cities, Towns Corporate, and Market-Towns.

Ordered, That the Bill to prevent Delays, Grievances, and Expences, in Courts of Law and Equity, be read the Second time on Yuefday next.

The House, according to former Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the Bill for Repeal of the Act, intituled, An Act for the preventing the Inconveniencies happening by the long Intermission of Parliaments; and for the better Provision for the Calling and Holding of Parliaments once in Three Years at least.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker again took the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins reports, from the said Committee, That the said Committee have finished the Bill, with some Alterations and Amendments: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

And the fame, being twice read, were, upon the Que^ ftion, severally agreed to.

Resolved, That the said Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Pryn, Sir John Brampfton, Mr. Sol-licitor-General, Sir William Lowther, or any Two of them, do repair to the Clerk of the House of Lords-, to examine. Whether the Title of an Act, expressed in the Bill for Repeal of the Act, intituled, An Act for the preventing the Inconveniencies happening by the long Intermission of Parliaments; and for the better Provision for the Calling and Holding of Parliaments once in Three Years at least} be truly recited } and do agree with the Roll there.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, at Eight of the Clock.

Lunas, 2 8° Mar tit, 16° Car. IIJl'

Prayers.

MR. Pryn reports. That Sir William Lowther and He had compared the Title of the Act, intituled, An Act for the Preventing of Inconveniencies happening by the long Intermission of Parliaments; and found it agree in Terms with the Title of the Act upon Record in the Roll.

An additional Bill for Explaining of the Act for the Draining of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, was read the First time.

Resolved, See. That this Bill he read the Second time on Monday next.

A Bill for the Partition of Lands was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time on Thursday next.

A Bill for the establishing and settling the Navigation of the River Wey in the County of Surrey was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time On Wednesday next.

The House was then Called over, according to the Order of the One-and-twentieth of this instant March:

And several Members making Default in attending;

6 U,

Journals of the House of Commons.

Refoked, Sec. That the House be Called over again on Gaudy, Mr. Torke, Sir Tho. Dolman, Sir Courtny Poole, Tomorrow Month, being the Six-and-twentieth Day of Sir Charles Harbord, Sir John Low, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Aprtl next. Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Wcflphaling, Sir

Resolved, &c. That the Penalty of Ten Pounds, for a Adrian Scroope, Sir Walter St. John, Sir 9 Allen, Co-Fine, be imposed on every Knight of a Shire; and Five lonel Whittley, Sir Rich. Breames, Mr. Aldworth, Sir Pounds on every Citizen, Burge fs, or Baron of Cinque- Mr.

Lord Ancram, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Anth. Irby, Dr. Burrell, Dr. Arris, and all the Members of this House, that serve for the several Counties of and Wilts: And they are to meet at Two of the Clock The ingrossed Bill for repealing an Act for the Prevent- this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber j and to fuming of Inconveniencies happening by the long Intermif- mon and hear all Parties concerned: And to fend for Per-

Port v who shall make Default in attending when the House is next Called over, whose Excuse shall not be allowed by the House.

fion of Parliaments was read.

Resolved, Sec. That these Words, and holding," be inserted, after the Word " assembling," in the Six-and-thirtieth Lane of the Bill.

Resolved, Sec. That these Words, " the Sitting and Holding of Parliaments," be inserted into the Bill, after the Word " hereafter," in the Thirtieth Line of the Bill.

The Question being put. That these Words, " the last Day of the last Sitting of," be inserted into the Bill j The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

f Tellers for the Yeas: 7 0 I With the Yeas,

f Tellers for the Noes: ")

\ With the Noes, j I *

And so it passed in the Negative.

A Proviso was tendered to be added to the Bill j and opened.

The Question being put. That the Proviso be read The House was divided.

Sir Rich. Temple, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir John Talbot, Colonel Kirkby,

The Yeas went out. Sir Anth. Cope,

Sir Cha. Hujfey,

Sir Edm.Pooley,

Sir Wm.G

f Tellers for the Yeas:

I With the Yeas, $ f Tellers for the Noes:'

88.

134.

\ With the Noes,

And so it passed in the Negative.

Refoked, Sec. That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be. An Act for the Assembling and Holding of Parliaments once in Three Years at the least; and for the Repeal of an Act, intituled, An Act for the Preventing of Inconveniencies happening by the long Intermission of Parliaments.

And Sir John Brampston is to carry up the Bill to the Lords.

Ordered, That Sir Adrian Scroop and Mr. Milward be added to the Committee, to which the Bill to make void certain Conveyances, made by Sir John Packington to Ckrijlopher Her.ne, and others, of certain Lands and Hereditaments lying in or near in the County of

Bucks, was committed.

Ordered, That the Committee, to which the Bill to prevent the delivering up English Merchant Ships to

Turkijlo Ships, and other Sea Pirates, was committed, be adjourned till Tomorrow in the Afternoon, Two of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Martts, lef die Martiiy 16° Car. IIdi.

Prayers.

Bill to enable Francis Cottington and Charles Cot-

tington to settle and dispose of Lands in Jointure ship of Merchant-Adventurers was also read.

A

fons. Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Wood, Mr. Mr.

Fox, and all the Members of the House, that serve for the several Counties of Suffolke and Kent, be added to the Committee, to which the Bill for Sale of Lands, to pay the Debts of Sir Sackvile Glemham, is committed.

A Bill for the better enabling the principal Officers and Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy Royal, for the Performance of their Duties in the Service thereof, was read the Second time.

Refoked, Sec. That the said Bill be committed to Sir William Batten, Sir Rich. Ford, Mr. Mr. Coven-

try, Sir Court. Poole, Colonel lieames. Sir Rich. Onslow,

Sir Anth. Irby, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Fra. Clerke, Sir William Lowther, Sir John Birkenhead, Mr. Lowther, Sir Edw. Masters, Sir Cha. Cotterell, Sir John Knight, Sir John Shaw, Sir William Thompson, Sir Penn, Sir Lane.Lake, Mr. W Sir John Bramp-

ston, Sir Cha. Harbord, Mr. Jolly, Sir William Doyley, Sir Allen Apfley, Mr. Crouch, Colonel Phillips, Mr.

Mr. Seymour, Sir Geo. Carterett, Sir John Maynard, Sir John Fredericke, Mr. Jones: And they are to meet at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for the Relief of the Creditors of the Fellow-ship of Merchant-Adventurers of England was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sol-licitor-General, Serjeant Charleton, Secretary Morrice, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Hen.North, Mr. Hen. Coventry, Sir Edw. Walpoole, Mr. Crouch, Colonel Edm. Mr.

Finch, Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir John Frederick, Mr. Jolly, Sir Edw. Masters, Sir John Robinson, Sir Cullen,

Sir Tho. Dolman, Sir John Harrison, Sir John Marley, Mr. Thomas, Sir Winsion Churchill, Sir Allan Apsley, Sir

Tho.Meres, Colonel Fra. Windham, Sir Robert Brooke, Mr. Prideaux, Sir Edm. Pooley, Sir Rich. Ford, Mr. Coventry, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Courtny Poole, Sir Wm. Batten, Sir John Brampston, Sir John Holland, Sir John Birkenhead, Mr. Wren, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Clifford, Sir

Wm. Doyley, Sir Tho. Strickland, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Hen. Wood, Sir Philip Warwick, Sir Cyril Wych, Mr. Seymour, Sir Geo. Courthope, Sir Wiseman, Mr. John Ashbumham, Sir Chich. Wray, Sir Fra. Anderson, Dr. Burrell, Mr.- Hide, Sir Fra. Clarke, Sir Wm. Gawdy, Mr. Morrice, Sir Wm. Lowther: And all the Members of this House, that shall come to the Committee, are to have Votes thereat: And they are to meet in the Exche-. quer-Chamber on This-day-sevennight, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to summon and hear all Parties concerned: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And to receive Proposals for the better regulating the Fellowship of Merchant-Adventurers.

Another Bill for Relief of the Creditors of the Fellow-

to any Wife or Wives they shall take in Marriage, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill be committed to Colonel Bullen Reames, Sir John Duncomb, Colonel Edm. Windham, Mr. Whittaker, Mr. Churchill, Colonel Robert Phillips, Mr. Darnell, Sir Cha. Cotterell, Mr. Henry Co-

Resolved, See. That this Bill be committed to the same Committee, to which the former Bill, on the Behalf of the Creditors, was committed: And they are to receive such Informations as shall be offered, touching the Matter in Question; and also Proposals for regulating the Company of Merchant-Adventurers; and to perule both Bills;

ventry, Mr. Finch, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Crouch, Sir Wm. and extract such a Bill out of them, as may be most equal'

I 'for

For Satisfaction of the Creditors, and Advantage of the Fellowship and Trade of Merchant-Adventurers.

A Petition of the Governor, Wardens, and Assistants, of the Fellowship of the Merchant-Adventurers of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, was read.

Ordered, That this Petition be referred to the same Committee to which the Two Bills, touching the Fellow-ship of Merchant-Ad venturers, and their Creditors, were committed; to take the same into Consideration; and report the Matter to the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir and Sir Thomas EJlcourt;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill, intituled, An Act for Preventing of Abatements of Writs of Error upon Judgments in the Exchequer: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

A Bill for apportioning Rents, and preventing concurrent Leases of the Lands of Bishops, and other Eccle-liastical Persons, was read.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time on Thursday next.

Resolved, &c. That a Bill be brought in, to supply the Defects in the former Laws; and to prevent the Meetings and Designs of Sectaries, and Difienters from the Church: And it is referred to Serjeant Lord Fanfhaw, Sir John Duncom Mr. Sir Tho.

Strickland, Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. Sir Wm. Low-

ther, Sir Edm. Pooley, Mr. Heath, Sir John

Mr. Vaughan, Sir Courtny Poole, or any Two of them,

to prepare the said Bill: And it is recommended to the eipecial Care of Sir Job Charletonfor the expediting and

bringing in the Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning at Eight of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 30° die Martii, 16° Car. II111.

Prayers.

/NRdered, That Mr. Charles who hath constant-

ly attended the Service of this House, have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Worjley have Leave to bring in a Bill, for settling the Right of Marsh-Lands.

A Bill for the settling certain Marsh-Lands in the County of Southampton in the Lady Wandesford, and others, was read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time on Friday next.

A Bill for the Naturalizing of Dame Catharine Sayer, and her Children, and others, was read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for the Continuance and Enjoyment of certain "Waters, brought from and about Hide-Parke to the Cities of Westminster, yid Places adjacent, was read the

First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time on Saturday next.

A Petition of the Makers and Workers of Iron within the Counties of Derby and Nottingham, and the West Riding of Yorkshire, was read.

Resolved, See. That this Petition be referred to the same Committee, to which the Petition of the Grand Jury of the County of Sussex was committed -, to take this Petition also into Consideration; and to report the Matter, with their Opinions, to the House.

A Bill for the Enabling and Encouraging of James

Smith the youhger to plant and make Madder in England was read the First time.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read the Second time on Monday next.

A Bill for the Increase of the Maintenance of Ministers in Cities, Towns Corporate, and Market-Towns, was read the First time.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read again the Second time on Saturday next.

A Bill for the better Observation of the Lord's Day was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be committed to Sir Robert Atkins, Sir IVw. Gaudy, Sir Lane. Lake, Colonel -wayes, Sir John Knight, Sir Edzv. Sir land. Sir John Bramgfton, Sir Dr. Burrell, Mr. Whorvooood, Sir Bain. Throckmorton, Mr. Mor-rice, Mr. Torke, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Clifford Clifton, Sir Tho. Allan, Sir Edm. Pooley, Sir Edm. Sir

Meeres, Sir John Goodrick, Sir Edm. Peirfe, Mr.

Sir Rich.Oateley, Mr. Swinfein, Mr. Heath, Mr.

gerford, Mr. Clifford, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Mil-ward, Mr. Daniell, Mr. Seymour, Sir Hen. North, Sir IVm. Fleet-wood, Sir Cha. Cottrell, Sir Allan Apfley, Mr. Pryn, Lord Mandevile, Major-General Layherne, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Jay, Sir Tho. Doleman, S\r John Downey, Mr.

Sir Anth. Cope, Sir Adrian Scroope, Mr. Vowell, Sir Edw. Hungerford, Mr. Whittaker, Sir Edm. Pye, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Coventry, Sir Robert Brooke, Mr. Owen: And all the Members that come are to have Voices at the: Committee: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer-Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Leave be given for the bringing in a Bill for the better Collecting of the Duty arising by Hearth-Money: And that Sir Warwick, Mr. Sol-licitor-General, Mr. Pryn, and Sir Thomas Littleton, or any Two of them, do prepare and bring in the Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning at Eight of the Clock.

Jovisy 31° Martiiy 16° Car. IF1'

Prayers.

AN additional Bill for the better Relief of the Poor was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Sir Robert Atkins, Mr. Treasurer, Lord Allington, Sir Cha, Harbord, Sir Rich. Ford, Sir IVm. Lowther, Sir Clifford Clifton, Sir Hen. Wood, Sir Tho. Allen, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Jay, Sir Adrian Scroope, Sir Anth. Irby, Mr. Wren, Mr. Newport, Mr. Seymour, Sir Nich. Steward, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Trevor, Mr. John Ashburnham, Mr. Pryn, Sir Bain. Throckmorton, Lord George, Mr. Weflphaling, Mr. Jones, Mr. Torke, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir John Bramp-fton. Colonel Reames, Sir Tho. Doleman, Mr.

Sir John Maynard, Sir Rich. Oateley, Sir Edm. Poole, Sir Edm. Peirfe, Mr. Chicheley, Lord Sir Allan

Apfley, Lord Fanfhaw, Sir Tho. Dr.

Sir Theop. Biddolph, Sir Fra. Vincent, Colonel Whitley,

Mr. Daniell, Sir Rich. Onslow, Colonel Windham, Sir Rich. Browne, Sir Wm. Gawdy, Sir Pye, Sir John Goodrick, Sir Cyril Wich, Sir Wm. Fleetwood, Mr. Daniell, Sir Rich. Francklyn, Mr. Mr. Lowther. Co-

lonel Progers, Mr. Palmer, Sir Wendy, Mr. Hunger-ford, Mr. Morrice, Sir John Fredericke, Sir John Dun-combe, Major-General Layherne, Sir Wm. Thompson, Sir Edm. Bowyer, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Robert Long, Colonel Robinson, Sir Wm. Batten, Sir Tho. Ingram, Sir Rick. Odtely, Mr. Clifford, Mr. Wm. Ashburneham, Mr. Heath, Mr. Sandys, Sir Hen. Worseley, Sir John Denham, Sir John Knight, Lord Fitzharding, Sir Fra. Clerke, and all the Members of this House that serve for Middlesex, London,

doily and Surrey: And all the Members that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to take into Considerauon the Petition of the Inhabitants of Westminster: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for settling the Navigation of the River in the County of Surrey was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Wm. Sandys, Sir Edm. Bcwyer, Sir Adam , Sir

Lane. Lakey Sir Cha. Harbordy Sir Robert Atkyns, - Sir Tho. Wendy y Mr. Tor key Sir Rich. Browne, Colonel Sandys, Mr. JolliffMr. Mo, Sir Nich. Sir

Abra. Cullen, Sir John Birkinhead, Mr. Heath, Mr. May-

nard, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Lord son. Sir Tho. Dolman, Lord St. , Sir Wm.

Sir Wm. Lowther, Lord Butler Earl of Aran, Sir Edw.

Walpoole, Sir Era. Compton, Mr. George, Sir Rich. Temple, Mr. Roger Vaughan, Mr. Hen. Coventry, Sir Edm. Peirfe, Colonel Leg, Sir Rich. Mr. Fra. Vincent,

Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Clifford, Sir Cliff. Clifton, Sir John Knight, Colonel Robinson, Mr. Onslow, Sir Hen. Herbert, Sir Wm. T Sir Cha. Cotter ell. Colonel Reames, Sir Cha. Berkley, Sir Antb. Irby, Mr. Palmer, Sir John Holland, Sir John Brampfton, Mr. Hen. Seymour, Sir Bain. Throckmorton, Mr. Sir

Woodcock, Mr. Evelyn, Sir Allan Apjley, Sir John Shaw, Sir Tho. Dike, Sir John Maynard, Mr. Lucy, Sir Wm. Tirringham, Sir John Denham, Mr. Wm. Coventry, Sir Edw. Masters, Sir Tho. Ingram, Sir John Shaw, and all the Members of this House that serve for the City of London and Westminster, and the Counties of and Sussex, Surrey and Southampton: And they are to

meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Vaughan have Leave to bring in a Bill to prevent Frauds in the Sale of Lands.

A Bill for the making navigable of the Rivers of Mersey and Weever, in the Counties Palatine of Lancaster and Chester, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time on Monday next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Justice Tirrell and Mr. Baron Rainsford;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent us to acquaint you. That they have concurred with this House in the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Assembling and Holding of Parliaments once in Three Years at the least; and for the Repeal of an Act, intituled, An Act for the Preventing of Inconveniencies happening by the long Intermission of Parliaments.

Sir John Birkinhead reports, from the Commissioners appointed by Act of Parliament, for the putting in Execution an Act, intituled, An Act for Distribution of Sixty thousand Pounds amongst the truly loyal ihdigent Commission-Officers, and for Taxing of Offices, &c.

And a Petition was tendered, and read, on their Behalf.

Resolved, &c. That the said Petition be committed to Sir John Birkinhead, Colonel Fretchvile, Colonel Sandys, Mr. How, Mr. Secretary Bennet, Mr. Jay, Colonel Whitley, Sir Tho. Strickland, Mr. Clifford, Sir Churchill,

Mr. Churchill, Sir Herbert Price, Sir Hen. Wood, Mr. Goreing, Sir Edm. Peirfe, Sir Matthew Appleyard, Mr. Oneale, Sir Wm. Lowther, Colonel Robinson, Colonel Fra. Windham, Sir Tho. Strickland, Mr. Herbert, Colonel Wm. Ashburnham, Sir John Covert, Sir Courtny Poole, Sir John Bennet, Mr. Sollicitor-General, Mr. Heath, Sir Wm. Tirrinbam, Sir Edm. Pooley, Sir John Robinson, Sir Chichester Wray, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Colonel Leg, Mr. Pryn, Lord Fanshaw, Mr. Progers, Sir Tho.

Sir John Goodrick, Mr. Musgrave, Sir Jordan Crojland, Lord St. John, Sir Fra. Compton, Major-General,

Colonel Edm. Windham, Mr. Scott, Mr. John Trelawney, Sir John Brampston, Mr.. Morice, Colonel Gilby: And they are to examine, What Money, to be distributed amongst the loyal indigent Officers, hath been collected, and not yet paid in; and in whose Hands the said Monies are: And to examine the Matter of the Petition \ and report the- fame, with their Opinions,. What they think fit to be done therein, to the House: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, in order for the speedy Expediting of the same: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Star-Chamber.

A Petition, intituled. The humble Petition of the Clothiers of England, was this Day read.

Resolved, &c. That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to which the Petition of the Clothiers of the Old and New Woolen Draperies is committed.

Mr. Pryn reports, from the Committee to whom the Bill for the better enabling the principal Officers and Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy Royal for the Performance of their Duties in the Service thereof, was committed, several Amendments to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Which said Amendments being severally twice read;

Resolved, &c. That the said Amendments be agreed to: And that the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

V eneris,i° die Jprilis, i6° Car. II41.

Prayers.

DAME Catharine Sayer did, this Day, take the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, in order to her being naturalized.

A Petition, in the Name of the Clothiers of England, was read.

Ordered, That this Petition be referred to the same Committee, to which the several Petitions of the Clothiers of the Old and New Woolen Draperies were formerly committed *, to take the Petition into Consideration; and report the Matter, with their Opinions therein, to the House: And that it be recommended to Mr. Vaughan, to take care of the Petition: And the Committee are hereby impowered to receive, and take into Consideration, any other Petitions of like Nature: And Mr. Vaughan is therefore added to the said Committee.

Another Petition, in the Name of the Clothiers of England, was read.

Ordered, That this Petition be also referred to the same Committee, to which the several Petitions of the Clothiers of the Old and New Woolen Draperies were formerly committed; to take the Petition into Consideration j and report the Matter, with their Opinions therein, to the House: And that it be also recommended to Mr. Vaughan, to take care of the Petition: And the Committee are hereby impowered to receive, and take into Consideration, any other Petitions of like Nature.

A Bill for confirming the Disafforeftation and Improvement of Malveme-Chace was read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time on. Monday next.

A Bill for the Railing of Wood and Timber, and for Improvement of his Majesty's Forest of Deane, was read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time on Monday next.

A Bill

16Car. II. Journals the

A Bill for settling the Title of such Marfn-Lands as are, or shall be, gained from the Sea, ..... the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time on Monday next.

A Bill for the settling certain Mirfh-Lands in the County of Southampton on the Lady and

others, was read the Second time.

The Question being put, 'That the Bill be committed;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

SixBain.Throckmorton, C Tellers for the Yeas: ") ,

Mr. Lowlher, \ With the Yeas, J 9b*

Sir Hen. Worffy, f Tellers for the Noes: 7

Mr. Mufgrav e,(_ With the Noes, j

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative: That the said Bill be committed to Colonel , Sir Robert

Atkins, Sir William Lowther, Sir Wm. , Mr. Maynard, Sir Wm. Heywood, Mr. John Dr. Burrell, Sir Eden. Wife, Sen Chichester Wray, Mr. Luy, Mr.

Scawen, Mr. Henley, Sir Rich. Onslow, Colonel Leggy Mr. Lowther, Sir Wm.Fleetwood, Mr. Finch, Lord lington. Sir John Nicholas, Sir VSir Whitmore, Sir Anth. Irby, Mr. Sir Allan Apfley,

Mr. Jolly, Sir The. Littleton, Mr. , Colonel Wind-barn, Mr. Clifford, Sir Robert Howard, Mr. Wandesford, Sir John Br amp ft on , Sir John Norton, Colonel Progers Sir Fran. Clerk, Sir Charles Berkley, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Bain. Throckmorton, Mr. Steward, Lord An cram. Colonel Sandys, Major-General Egerton, Mr.

Bulteele, Lord Gorge, Colonel Kirkby, Sir Wm. Smith, Sir Tho. Dyke, Sir Wm. Doyley, Mr. Greenz ile, Sir flon Churchill, Mr. Cornewallis, Sir Rich. Dr. Fhiarterman, Mr. Heath, Sir Rich. Mr. Clarke,

Sir Geo. Ryve, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Rich.

Mr. Lionel Walden, and all the Members of this House that lerve for Hampshire and Sussex: And they to meet Xo-morrow, in the Speaker's Chamber, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A'n ingrossied Bill, sent from the Lords, for preventing of Abatements of Writs of Error upon Judgments in the Exchequer, was read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

The Act for settling a Revenue on his Majesty by ITearth-Money was read.

An additional Act for the better Ordering and Collecting the Revenue, arising by Hearth-Money, was read.

A Bill for the better Collecting and Levying of the additional Revenue, settled on his Majesty, was read the First time.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read the Second time on Monday next.

A Bill against seditious Conventicles was read the First time.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read the Second time Xo-morrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning at Eight of the Clock.

Sabbati, 2° die April, 16° Car. IId\

Prayers.

cptAmes Aftruck did, this Day, take the Oaths of 'Alle-Jf giance and Supremacy, in order to his being naturalized.

A Bill for the Continuance and Enjoyment of certain Waters brought from and about Hide-Park to the Cities

House of Commons. 5*41

of Westminster, and Places adjacent, was read the Second

time.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill be committed to Sir Rich. Everard, Sir Tho. Allan, Sir , Mr.

Weflpbaling, Sir Clifford Clifton, Sir E !:v. Sir

Tho. Strickland, Sir Wm. Heyward, Colonel Windham, Sir Rich.Browne, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Hunger-

ford, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Cha. Berkley, Sir Anth.Irby, Sir Edm. Mr. Sir

Wm. Smith, Sir John Brampflon, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr.

Ashburneham, Sir Rich. Oatelcy, Mr. Walgrave, Sir Rich. Braham, Sir John Knight, Mr. Sir

Nix. Moore, Sir John Cotten, Sir Tho. Smith, Sir Charles Harbor d. Sir Philip Warwick, Mr Sir Cha. Huf-

fey. Sir John Rouse, Sir John Robinson, Sir John Shaw, Mr. Danie'l, Mr. Turgis, Mr. Hobby, Sir Rich. by: And they are to meet on Tuesday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And they are to summon and hear all Persons concerned: And to fend for Persons,' Papers, and Records.

Sir John Birkenhead reports, from the Committee to which the Petition of the truly loyal indigent Commission-Officers was committed, That it is the Opinion of the Committee, That it be reported to the House, That, all other Ways having been tried, the only Means for speedy Bringing in of the Money, due to the loyal indigent Officers, is, That the House would be pleased to lend for the Receivers-General of the Six Counties of Lancaster, Monmouth, Rutland, and An-

glefcy, by a Serjeant at Arms.

Which Report being read; and debated;

Resolved, See. That Mr. Charles Grills, Receiver-General for the County of Cornewall; Sir George Middleton, Receiver-General for the County of Lancaster -, George Guynn Esquire, Receiver-General for the Coumy of

mouth , and William Palmes Esquire, Receiver-General for the County of Rutland , be sent for in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, or his Deputy; to answer their Abuse and Misdemeanor, in not paying in the Money by them received, for the indigent loyal Officers, to the Treasurer appointed to receive the lame.

Ordered, That an Order of Sumtnons be sent to the Receivers-General of the Counties of Westmorland and Angle fey, to give them Notice, That, if they do not forthwith accompt and pay in to the Treasurer, the Monies by them received for the loyal and indigent Officers, they shall be lent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, to answer their Abuse and Default therein.

A Bill for apportioning Rents, and preventing concurrent Leases of the Lands of Bishops, or other Ecclesiastical Persons, was read the Second time.

Resolved, Scc. That the said Bill be committed to Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Robert , Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Edward Walpoole, Six Job Char let on. Six Wm. Doyley, Sir Edm. Pooley, Sir Edm. Peirfe, Sir Tho. Sir John

Duncombe, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Tho. Fanfnaw, Sir John Maynard, Sir John Knight, Sir John Bramflon, Sir Henry North, Sir Edm.Pye, Sir John Rouse, Sir Tho. Allan, Sir John Covert, Sir Wm. Gawdy, Mr. Clifford, Mr. Morrice, Mr. Pryn, Mr. , Dr. Burrell, Colonel Windham, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Weflpbaling, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Palmer, Nix.Walgrave, Nix. Whit taker, Mr. Wren, Sir Geo. Ryve, Sir John Shaw, Sir Rich. Oattley, Lord Richardson, Mr. Aldworth, Sir Doleman, Lord

Allington, Mr. Daniell, Mr. Steward: And all the Members of this House, that shall come to the Committee, are to have Voices: And they are to meet on Tuesday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for the speedy Levying of the Forfeitures incurred by Vintners, and Sellers of Beer and Ale *, and for preventing Frauds. and Abuses in Selling of Wine, Beer, and Ale j was read the Second time.

6 X,

S42.

Journals of the House of Commons. 1664.

Rfolved, See. That the said '-MU be committed to Mr.

Pry;:, Sir Tho. Alien, Sir Robert Atkins, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Edw. Masters, Sir John Erampston, Sir John Frede-

rick e, Sir Edw. Walpoole, Sir Sir Francklyn, Lord Rickardson, Sir John Mr.

Seymour, Mr. Jolly, Mr. Phillips, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir

Wm. Doyley, Mr. Sandys, Lord Fanshaw, Sir Littleton, Sir Rich. Browne, Sir John Knight, Sir Wm. Fleet-wood, Colonel Windham, Colonel Legg, Sir Wm. Gaudy, Mr. Clifford, Sir Rich. Ford, Colonel Sir Rich.

Onslow, Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir Philip Warwicke, Sir Hen. Herbert, Colonel Progers, Mr. Walgrave, Sir Rich. ley. Sir Francis Compton, Mr. Finch, Sir George Sir John Goodricke, Mr. George, Sir Wm. Doyley, Mr. Hungerford, Sir Adrian Scroope, Mr. Westphaling, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Sir Matthew A And all the Members of this House, that shall come to the Committee, are to have Voices: And they are to meet on Tuesday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for the better Collecting and Levying of the additional Revenue settled on his Majesty was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, on Tuesday next, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to take the Bill into Consideration.

A Bill for settling the Manor of Hackney in for the better and speedy Satisfying of feme of the Debts, of the Earl of Cleeveland and the Lord Wentworth, and others, was this Day read.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time the First Day of the Meeting after Easter.

An ingrofifed Bill, sent from the Lords, for Preventing of Abatements of Writs of Error upon Judgments in the Exchequer, was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill be committed to Mr.

Sollicitor-General, Sir Job Charleton, Mr. Vaughan, Sir

Edw. Walpoole, Sir Edm. Peirfe, Sir John Maynard, Mr. George, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. $>\rTbo.

Meres, Sir Cha. Harbord. Sir Antb. Irby, Mr. Sir John Brampflon, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir John Goodrick, Sir

John Shaw, Lord Fanshaw, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Heath, Sir Philip Warwick, Sir John Norton, Dr. Burrell, Mr. Torke, and all the Members of this House that are of the Long Robe: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Colonel Legg, Mr Sir Wm. Thompson, and all the Members of this House that serve for the City of London, and for the Cinque-Ports, or any Port-Towns, be added to the Committee, to which the BUI for preventing Delivering up of Merchants Ships to Turkish Ships, or other Sea-Pirates, was committed:

And that the Committee be revived -, and do meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock.

A Petition of Alexander Davjes Gentleman was read.

Ordered, That this Petition be referred to the same Committee, to which the BUI concerning the Water brought from Hide-Parke to the City of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, was committed; to take the Petition into Consideradon, and examine; and report the Matter to the House.

A Bill against seditious Conventicles was read the Second rime.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Lord Fanshaw, Sir Cha. Harbord, Mr. Clifford, Mr. Heath, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Pryn, Sir Edw. Walpoole, Sir Job

Charleton, Sir Courtny Poole, Sir John Duncombe, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Treasurer, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Philip Warwicke, Mr. Wm.Coventry, Colonel Legg, Sir Holland, Sir Rich. Onslow, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Lane. Lake, Colonel Kirkby, Mr. Sollicitor-General, Sir Edm. Peirfe, Sir Rich.Ford, Sir Edw. Masters, Sir Edm. ley. Sir John Brampflon, Mr. PaSir

son, Mr. Jolly, Mr. Westphaling, Sir Colonel Phillips, Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. Crooke, Lord Ailing-ton, Dr. Burrell, Colonel Progers, Lord Rickardson, Sir Anth. Irby, Mr. Vaughan, Sir John Sir Wm.

Gawdy, Sir Tho. Fanshaw, Sir John Goodrick, Sir Wm. Fleetwood, Sir Hen. North, Mr. Finch, Mr. Walgrave, Sir Cha. Berkley, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir John Knight, Sir Bain. Throckmorton, Sir Arthur Ingram, Mr. Coventry, Colonel Whitley, Sir Wm. Pen, Sir Allan

Sir Edm. Pye, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Jay, Mr. Spencer, Sir Ralph Bancks, Mr. Ashburnham, Sir Hen. Herbert, Sir George Ryve, Sir Wm.Whitmore, Sir Philip Musgrave,

' Sir John Hotham, Sir Rich. Wiseman, Sir Tho. Wendy, Sir Edw. Masters, Sir Robert Holt, Sir John Shaw, Sir Rich. Oately, Sir John Robinson, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Matt.Appleyard, Mr. Swinfein, Mr. Morrice, Mr. Daniell, Mr. Bifcawen: And all the Members of this House that shall come, are to have Voices: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the House: And to fend fur Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrafted Bill to prevent the Disturbances of Seamen, and others; and to preserve the Stores belonging to his Majesty's Navy Royal; was read.

And feme Amendments being, upon the Question, agreed; and made at the Table; ,

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be. An Act to prevent the Disturbances of Seamen, and others; and to preserve the Stores belonging to his Majesty's Navy Royal.

And Mr. Coventry is to carry up the Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

Lunce, 40 die Aprilis, 16° Car. Ildl,

Prayers.

/^>Harles Lloyd, Thomas Kirby, and Thomas Davall, did, this Day, take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, in order to their being naturalized.

Ordered, That all the Members of this House that are of the Long Robe, be added to the Committee to which Sir John Packington' % Bill is committed.

Ordered, That Copies of the Petitions which do concern the Clothiers, be delivered to the Sollicitor for the City of London.

A Bill for making navigable the Rivers of Mersey and Weever, in the Counties of Lancaster and Chester, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Colonel Kirkby, Sir Edw. Walpoole, Dr. Burrell, Mr. Sandys, Sir John Birkenhead, Mr. Mr. Clifford, Sir

John Shaw, Mr. Coventry, Sir Tho. Doleman, Sir Thos Smith, Sir John Moreton, Sir William Terringham, Sir Clifford Clifton, Sir Rich. Breames, Sir Bain. Throckmorton, Sir Edm. Pooley, Lord St. John, Mr. Prideaux, Mr. Edw. Seymour, Mr. Morrice, Sir John Earneley, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Antb. Irby, Sir Tho. Higgons, Lord chardson. Sir Edm. Peirfe, Mr. Treasurer, Mr. Knowllys, Sir Adrian Scroope, Sir Chichester Wray, Sir George How, Sir Hen. Bennett, Mr. P ley dwell, Mr. Pryn, Sir John Brampflon, Mr. Hobby, Sir Tho. Lee, Colonel Birch, Mr. Westphaling, Mr. Grymes, Mr. Crouch, Sir John Covert, Mr. Cornewallis, Sir Hen. Cappell, Mr. Lucy, Sir Robert

Long, Sir John Shaw, Sir Tho. Dykes, Sir Hen. Lee, Mr. Sollicitor-General, Sir George Ryve, Lord Herbert, Sir I Robert

Robert Brookes, Colonel 1-egg, Sir Gilbert , Mf.

Sherrard, Lord Fanfhaw, Mr. Sir Francis

cent, Sir Francis Lawley, Sir F Mr. Sir /Fra. Fleetwood, Major-General , and all the

Members of this House that serve for the several Counties of Cheshire, Lancashire, S, and Staffordshire

And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock, in the Exchequer-Chamber; and to summon and hear the Parties concerned: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for the Increase of the Maintenance of Ministers in Cities, Towns Corporate, and Market-Towns, was

read the Second time.

Resolved', &c. That the said Bill be committed to Sir Edw. IValpoole, Mr. Pryn, Sir Fho. , Mr. , Sir Philip Warwick, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Edm. Peirfe, Sir Job Char let on. Sir Wm. Doyley, Mr. Coventry, Sir John Maynard, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Wm. , Mr.

Solliciror-General, Sir John Knight, Sir Clifford Clifton, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Hen. North, Sir John Holland, Sir Edm. Pooley, Mr. Crouch, Sir Fho. Higgons, Sir Rich. Onslow, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Cofferer, Mr. Seymour, Lord FanJbaw, Sir Francis Compton, Mr. Jones, Sir North, Sir Fran. Clerke, Sir Rich. Femple, Lord Spencer, Lord Richardson, Mr. Pepis, Mr. Lucy, Sir John Sir Edw. Masters, Mr. Chichley, Sir Braham, Mr. Coventry, Sir Fho. Meres, Sir Fho. Wendy, Sir Wm. Gawdy, Lord Allington, Sir Rich.Browne, Sir Fho. Bludworth, Sir Ralph Hare, Mr. Morrice, Sir Hen. Herbert, and all the Members of this House, that are of the Long Robe: And all the Members that come, to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for the Raising of Wood and Timber, and the Improvement of his Majesty's Revenue in the Eoreft of Deane, was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill be committed to Sir Bain. Fhrockmorton, Lord St. John, Mr. Vice-Chamberlain, Mr. Treasurer, Sir John Birkenhead, Mr. Finch, Mr. ITorke, Mr. George, Sir John Holland, Lord Herbert, Mr. Mount ague. Sir Robert Howard, Mr. Coventry, Lord Gorge, Mr. Mi'lward, Dr. Burrell, Sir Fho. Allen, Sir John Maynard, Lord Spencer, Mr. Greenvile, Sir Edw. IValpoole, Sir Wm. Fhompfon, Sir Anth. Cope, Sir Fheop. Biddolph, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Fho. Meeres, Mr. Sol-licitor-General, Sir Clifford Clifton, Sir Abra. Cullen, Mr. Pryn, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Anth. Irby, Lord Allington, Sir Who. Littleton, Sir Job Charleton, Mr. Knowllys, Mr. 'Clifford, Sir Fho. Higgons, Mr. Pepis, Mr. Crouch, Sir Kdw. Masters, Sir Hen. North, Sir Rich. Powle, Sir John Jdarmley, Sir Ralph Hare, Sir Richard Ford, Mr. Jolliffe, Sir Wm.Batten, Sir Rich.Browne, Mr. Morrice, Colonel

IVindham, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Fox, Sir Fho. Bludworth, Colonel Leg, Sir Rich. Mr.

Mr. Vaughan, Sir John Knight, Sir Wood, Sir John 'Talbott, Colonel Sandys, Mr. Jones, Lord Fitz-Harding, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Monmouth and Gloucester: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber; and to, summon and hear all Parties concerned: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An additional Bill for explaining an Act for the draining the great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, was read the Second time.

A Petition of Sir Andrew Henley, and others, was read.

- Resolved, See. That the said Bill and Petition be committed to Colonel Sandys, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir John Holland, Colonel Kirby, Mr. Clifford, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Cha. Iiuftey, Sir Edm. Pye, Sit Wm. Gaudy, Wit. Coven-

try, Lord Richardson, Mr. Wren, Colonel Williams, Sir Hen. North, Colonel Windham, Mr. Frevor, Sir Rich. Oateley, Sir Anth. Irby, Major-General Egerton, Sir Anth. Cope, Mr. Hen. Seymour, Sir Job Charleton, Mr. Milward, Sir Edw. Walpoole, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Mount ague. Sir

Fho. Meres, Sir Rich. Ford, Lord Gorge, Sir Fho. Allen, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir John Brampfton, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Chicheley, Mr. Hungerford, Lord Cast let on. Sir Robert Howard, Sir Fho. Littleton, Mr. Scawen, Mr. Pitt, Sir John Duncombe, Sir John Denham, Colonel wayes, Mr. Buller, Mr. Pepis, Colonel Fretchvile, Sir George Ryve, Sir Edm. Peirfe, Sir John Goodrich, Sir Edm. Pooley, Sir Wm. Ferringham, Mr. Sandys, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Westphaling, Mr. Onslow, Sir Wm. Smith, and all

the Members that serve for the Counties of Northampton, Norfolke, Suffolke, Lincolne, Cambridge, and Huntington And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Edward Ogle, Under-Receiver for the County of Lancaster, be sent for in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, or his Deputy; to answerthe Abuse and Misdemeanor in not paying in the Money, by him received, for the indigent loyal Officers, to the Treasurer appointed to receive the same.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, at Eight of the Clock.

Martis, 50 April. i6° Car. IIdI.

TftRancis Smith, alias Lefeburne, John Longuett, and Peter Overing, did, this Day, take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, before Mr. Speaker, at the Clerk's Table, in order to their Naturalization.

Prayers.

Mr. Pryn reports, from the Committee, to which the ingrafted Bill, sent from the Lords, to prevent Abatements of Writs of Error, upon Judgments had in the Exchequer, was committed, one Amendment agreed to be made to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

And the Amendment being twice read; and, on the Question, agreed to;

The Bill, with the Amendment agreed to, was read the Third time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with die Amendment, be agreed to.

Resolved, See. That the Title of the Bill be agreed to: And that Mr. Pryn do carry up the Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

A Bill for confirming the Disafforeftation and Improvement of MalvemeChace was this Day read the Second

time.

Resolved, Sec. That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Dowdeswell, Colonel Kirkby, Sir John Packington, Mr. Morice, Sir John Brampfton, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Sir Court-

ny Poole, Sir John Birkinbead, Mr. Lucy, Sir Fho.

Mr. Crouch, Sir Rowland Berkley, Sir Sir

Edm. Pooley, Sir John Roll, SirWm. Lowther, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Edw. Seymour, Sir Ed Sir John Frot, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Giles Strangwayes Sir John Sir Fho. Meres, Mr. Hen. Coventry, Sir John Holland, Sir Hen. Worjley, Sir John Shaw, Mr. Sollicitor-General, Mr. Westphaling, Sir Winston Churchill, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir>

Edw. Walpoole, Sir Bain.Fhrockmorton, Mr, John Vaughan,

Mr. Whittaker, Sir Wm. Fleetwood, Mr. Prideaux, Mr. Clifford, Sir Allan Apjley, Sir John Fufton, Mr. George, Sir Fra. Clarke, Sir Rich. Ingoldfby, Sir Edw. Hale, Sir Fho.

Smith, and all the Members of this House, that serve for the several Counties of Worceft, Hereford, and Gloucester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Batten, being to attend his Majesty's Service, have the Leave of this House to be absent for Three Weeks,

Ordered,

Ordered, That Sir John Knight have the Leave of this House to go home to Rrijloll, being Mayor of that City; and to attend his Majesty's Service there.

A Petition of Sir Henry Yel was read.

Ordered, That this Petition be referred to the Committee of Elections: And that they do meet this Afternoon; and agree a Time to fend for Persons and Papers, and to hear the Cause upon this Petition: And, if they find a Miscarriage in the Mayor of ,to

report it Specially to the House.

A Bill for the Enabling and Encouraging of James Smith to plant and make Madder, within the Kingdom of England, was read the Second time.

The Question being put. That the Bill be committed;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put, That the Bill be committed to the Committee appointed to consider of the Petitions of the Clothiers; and the Matter concerning Wool and Wool-fells;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Thomas Bird and Sir TobyWoolrich;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint you. That his Majesty hath sent Word, That he will be at the House of Lords, about Eleven of the Clock this Morning, to pass the Bill concerning Triennial Parliaments.

The House then resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the Bill for the better Colieding and Levying of the additional Revenue, established on his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the better Support of his and their Crown and Dignity.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkyns took the Chair.

Mr. Speaker again took the Chair.

Resolved, See. That this House will resolve itself into a Committee, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, to proceed upon the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John , Uftier of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker,

Elis Majesty hath commanded you, presently, to attend Plim in the House of Peers.

Ordered, That Mr. Chichley, Sir Edmund and

Sir Wm. Hayward, be added to the Committee to whom the Two Bills for Relief of the Creditors of the Merchant-Adventurers is referred.

A Petition of the Parish of St. Clement Danes was read.

Resolved, &c. That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to which the additional Bill for Relief of the Poor is committed: And the Committee is hereby impowered to receive such Petitions, of the like Nature, as shall be offered to them.

Mercuriiy 6° diedprilis, 16° . Hdi. Prayers.

T}Eter Lawrence and Isaac Delaware did, this Day, take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, in order, to their being naturalized.

The Question being put, To agree with the Committee of Elections, in the Day by them appointed for the Hearing of the Cause between Sir John Bernard and Sir Henry Yelverton, touching the Election for the Town of Northampton;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Harbord and Sir Philip War-wicke be added to the Committee, to which the Bill concerning the Forest of Deane was committed: And that

Committee have (notwithstanding the Adjournment of the House) ..... to meet this Afternoon, in order to the Sending of Summons, and adjourning the Committee to a further Delay.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Bailiwick cf St. James, in the Parish of St. Martin the Fields, was rend.

Ordered, That Leave be given for bringing in a Bill for dividing the Bailiwick of St. James, and other Parcels of the Parish of St. Martins in the Fields, from the said Parish; and constituting the same into a distinct Parish of itself; and erecting a Church for the Inhabitants: And that Mr. Waller have Leave to bring in the Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given for the bringing in a General Bill for dividing Parishes, and erecting new Churches or Chapels, where the Parish-Churches are not of Capacity to receive the Inhabitants: But that Care be taken, that Encouragement be not thereby given for further new Buildings

A Bill to prevent Frauds in the Sale of Lands was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be read the Second time the first Day of the Meeting after the Reccfs.

Mr. Crouch reports, from the Committee, to which the Bill for vacating certain Deeds, made by Sir John ington, to Christopher Henn, and others, of certain Lands in or near Aylefl/ury in the' County of Bucks, That the

Committee had agreed, several Amendments to be made to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: And the Amendments were twice read; and, on the Question, agreed to.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrafted. a

r

Ordered, That the Committee, to which the Bill for making navigable the Rivers of Mersey and Weaver, in the Counties Palatine of Lancaster and Chester, was committed, do meet on This-day-three-weeks, in the Exchequer-Chamber: And that this Order of Summons be sent from the House, for the Parties concerned to appear, and attend the Committee on that Day.

Mr. Clifford reports, from the Committee appointed to consider, How the Trade of the Nation may be improved and advanced, That the Committee had agreed upon Two several Votes to be reported to the House: Which, being delivered in at the Clerk's Table, were twice read.

Resolved, That his Majesty be humbly moved to appoint Commissioners of both Kingdoms of England and Scotland, to consider of the Impositions that are fit to be laid or continued upon the Goods and Merchandizes of both Kingdoms.

Resolved, That his Majesty be humbly moved, to appoint feme of his Honourable Privy-Council, or others, to consider of Expedients to redress the Grievance by Impositions upon the Trade of this Kingdom with Ireland and so to settle the same between the Two Kingdoms, as that the one may not obstrud the other.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary Bennett do attend his Majesty with these Votes of the House.

The Floufe did then resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to take the Bill for the better Colleding and Levying of the additional Revenue, established on his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the better Support of his and their Crown and Dignity.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins took the Chair.

Mr. Speaker again took . Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins reports, from the Committee, That the Committee had fat, and made feme further Progress in the Bill; and desired, that the House would, the Second Day next after the Meeting of the House, . again i refelve

resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Confederation of the Bill.

Refohed, &c. That this House doth agree with the

Committee; and that they will, on the Second Day next after the Meeting of the House, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the said Bill.

Ordered, That Sir Mathew have the Leave

of the House to go into Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to tire Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Election of a Burgess for the Borough of Clifton Dartmouth Hardness, in the County of Devon, in the room of 'Thomas Southcote Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That the Members that serve for,

tondon, Westminster, Southwarke; and the Members of

this House that are Inhabitants in the City of London; be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for the Continuance and Enjoyment of certain Waters, brought from and about Hide-Park, to the City of and

Places adjacent, was committed.

Resolved, That Mr. Sollicitor-General, Serjeant Maynard, Sir Henry Worseley. Sir Charles Mr.

Vaughan, Sir Robert Atkins, Mr. , and Mr.

Pryn, do prepare and bring in a Bill or Bills to prevent Profaneness, Licentiousness, and Impiety , and to restrain excessive Expences: And it is specially recommended to Sir Charles Harbord to take care thereof.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Moseley be added to the Committee to whom' the Bill for making navigable the Rivers of Mersey and Weaver, in the Counties Ratine of Lancaster and Chester, is committed.

And then the Hdufe adjourned till Monday the Eighteenth of April instant, at Eight of the Clock in the Morning.

LuncBy 18° die A, 16°

Prayers.

TTEnry Welsh, William Winde, John John

*- de la Chambre, Christopher and Good

brine did, this Day, take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy.

Ordered, That the Committee to which the Bill concerning the Forest of Deane was committed, be revived; and do meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Place formerly appointed.

Ordered, That all Committees, which are discontinued, be revived; and do meet this Afternoon at TWo of the Clock, in the several Places formerly appointed.

- A B'dl for the naturalizing Dame Cath. Sayer, and her Children, and others* was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Pryn, Mr. Westpbaling, Mr. Morrice, Mr. Sandys, Sir Lane. Lake, Colonel Sandys, Sir Antb. Cope, Sir John jRoufe, Mr. Collins, Sir Antb. Irby, Sir Rowland,

Sir John Cory ton, vSir John Knight, Sir John Monson, Sir Rich. Oateley, Sir Wtn. Smith, Sir Adrian Scroope, Colonel Robinson, Colonel Arundell, Colonel Phillips, Sir Edm. Peirfe, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Cotterell, Sir Wm. Gaudy, Sir John Moreton, Mr. , Sir Allen,

Sir Tho. Strickland, Sir Hen. Capell, Colonel Gilby, Colonel Windham, Sir Wm. Killigrew, Sir Mr.

Milward, Sir Nic. Crisp, Sir Tho. Smith, Mr. Tayler, IMr. Progers, Mr. Attorney of the Duchy, Sir Fran. Clerke, and all the Members of this H6ufe that serve for

the City of London: And they are to meet, in the Speaker's Chamber, on Wednesday at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon; And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Name of the Children of Mr. a Member of this House, be inserted into the Bill for Naturalization.

An ingrossed Bill for vacating certain Conveyances, made by Sir John Pa king ton Baronet, to Christopher Henne, and Others, was read.

Resolved, &c. That thele Words, " of Record, or otherwise, and all other Estates derived under them, of any of them," be inserted into the Bill, after the Word " Conveyances," in the Line of the Bill.

Which was done; and the Words thrice read. . ,;

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be, An Act for vacating certain Deeds, made by Sir John Pakingtcn Baronet, to and others.

And Mr. Coventry is to carry up the Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

A Bill for settling Marshes, fresh or salt, that shall be-gained from the Sea, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Sir Hen.Worseley, Mr. Sollicitor-General, Mr. Churchill, Mr. Coventry, Sir Wm. Killigrew, Sir Courtney Poole, Sir Edw.

Walpoole, Sir Wm. Doyley, Mr. Mountague, Mr, Treasurer, Sir Job Charleton, Mr. Attorney of the Duchyi

Lord Richardson, Colonel Strangwayes, Colonel

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Henry Coventry, Lord Willoughby, Mr. Henley, Sir Tho. Ingram, Sir Chichester Wray, Mr. Pryn ', Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Antb. Sir John Goodrich, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Wandesford, Sir Rich. Oateley,. Mr. Vaughan, Sir Fran. Lawley, Mr. Collins, Colonel Windham, Mr. Clifford, Sir Philip Wijrwick. Sir John Morton, Sir Herbert Price, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Cha. Berkeley, Sir Rich. Temple, Sir John Monson, Sir John Pelham, Mr, Westpbaling, and all the Members of this House, that serve for the Cinque-Ports, or any Port-Towns: And all the Members of the House that are of the Long Robe: And they are to meet on Thursday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill td prevent frauds in making Convey antes was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill be committed to Mr.' John Vaughan, Mr.' Sollicitor-General, Sir Charleton, Sir Robert Atkins,' Sir Lane. Lake, Colonel Sandys, Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir Wm. Gawdy, Sir John Sir John

Moreton, Sir Tho. Strickland, Mr. Milward, Mr. ,' Sir John Maynard, Mr. Heath, Mr. Crooke, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir John Goodrich, Mr. Jones, Mr. Pryn, Sir Winston Churchill, Sir Tho. , Sir Nicolas Sir John Duncombe, Sir Edw. Walpoole, Mr. Coventry ', Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Wyn, Sir Geo. Ryve, Sir Temple, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Colonel

Sir Antb. Irby, Sir Edw. Walpoole, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Mr. Birch, Sir Clifford Clifton, Mr. Bufcawen, Lord shaw, Sir Francis Lawley, Sir Hen. Capell, Sir John Denham, Sir Cha. Huffey, Sir Cyril Wich, Sir Francis Compton, Mr. Lucy, Sir Rich. Oately, Sir Rich. §ir

Edm. Bowyer: And they are to meet on Wednesday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.*

Rbfolved, &c. That a' Bill be brought in for the registring Conveyances of Sales and Mortgages,' and for regulating the Offices for Recording and Keeping of Judgments, Statutes, and Recognizances: And that it be referred to Sir John Duncombe, Mr.' Sollicitor-General, Sir John Maynard, Sir Job Charlton, Mr. Milward, Sir Theopl Biddolph, Mr. Clifford, Sir Cha. Harbord, Mr. Jolly, Sir Rich. Fobd, Mr. Jones, Colonel Birch, or any Three of

them, to prepare and bring ir in.

*6 Y Ordered,

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee appointed to bring in a Bill for the registring Conveyances of Sales and Mortgages, and for regulating the Offices for Recording and Keeping of Judgments, Statutes, and Recognizances, or any Three of them, to prepare and bring in a Bill to prevent Frauds of Merchants, and others, in breaking, and compounding, to cheat their Creditors, and enrich themselves.

Ordered, That Leave be given to Sir John and Colonel Robinson, to bring in a Bill for making navi-

gable the Rivers of in the County of

wall.

Ordered, That the Members of this House, that are of

the Committee to which the Bill for regulating the Poor was committed, be added to the Committee to which the Bill for Increase of the Maintenance of Ministers, in Cides, Towns Corporate, and Market-Towns, was committed.

Re/ohed, That the House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to take the Bill concerning Hearth-Money into Consideration.

' A Bill to prevent unnecessary Delays, Expences, Vexations and Grievances, in Courts of Law and Equity; and supplying some Defects in Law, and legal Proceedings, and Executions , was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, on next, re-

lblve into a Committee of the whole House, to take the Bill into Consideration.

Martisy i g° die sdprilis, 16° Car. Ildl-

Prayers.

P Hilip Freber did, this Day, take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, in order to his being naturalized.

Ordered, That the Name of Philip Freber be inserted into the Bill for Naturalization.]

Upon Information, That Dr. August had served the Tenants of Mr. Rigby, a Member of this House, with Declarations, to try the Title of certain Lands, in the Possession of Mr. Rigby; and intended to proceed to Tryal therein *,

Ordered, That the said Dr. August his Counsel, Attorney, and Sollicitor, be injoined to stay all further Proceedings in the Action brought against the said Mr. Rigby, during the Session of this present Parliament.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to the Committee to which the Bill concerning apportioning Rents, and granting concurrent Leases, by Bishops and Clergymen, is committed; . Mr. Sir

Cha. Harbord, Sir John Corryton, Sir Allen, Mr. San-dys, Sir Tho. Strickland, Mr. Owen, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Jay, Mr. Finch, Dr. Burrell, Sir Rowland Berkley, Major-General Langhorne, and all the Members of this House that are of the Long Robe.

Ordered, That the Name of Henry Gary be inserted into the Bill for Naturalization Dame Oath. and others.

Ordered, That Sir John Goodrich, Sir Goodrich,

Sir William Doyley, Mr. Milward, Sir Ralph Hare, Mr. Heath, and all the Members of this House that serve for the County of Norfolke, be added to the Committee to which the Bill concerning the Lady Gletiham is committed.

A Bill, on the Behalf of the College of Physicians, was this Day read the First time.

3

Resolved, That the said Bill be read die Second time on Friday next.

A Bill for making the River navigable from Bristol to London was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill be read the Second time on Friday next.

A Bill for regulating Elections of Members to serve in Parliament was read the First time.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill be read the Second time on Thursday next.

Ordered, That Mr. Harbord be added to the Committee to which the Bill concerning Deane Forest is committed.

And then the House resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed on the Bill concerning Hearth-Money.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins took the Chair.

Mr. Speaker again took the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins reports, from the Committee, That the Committee had fat, and made some further Progress in the Bill; and desired, that the House would, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Bill.

Resolved, See. That this House doth agree with the Committee: And that they will. Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning at Eight of the Clock.

Mercurii, 2 o° die Aprilis,

Prayers.

T)Eter du Moulin did, this Day, take the Oaths of Alle-* giance and Supremacy, in order to his being naturalized.

Ordered, That the Name of Peter du Moulin be inserted into the Bill for Naturalization of Dame Catharine Sayer, and others.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Hobby, Sir Cha. Harbord, Mr. Mountague, Colonel Kirkby, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Rich. Temple, Sir Tho. Mr. Vaughan,

be added to the Committee, to which the Bill for the Lady Glenham is committed.

A Bill, on the Behalf of the College of Physicians of the City of London, for Confirmation of Letters Patents, granted unto them by the King's Majesty, was read the First time.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read the Second time on Friday next.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to the Committee to which the Bill for settling the Navigation of the River Wye, in Surrey, is committed; viz. Sir Hen. Capell, Sir George Ryve, Sir John Moreton, Mr.

Vaughan. Sir William Doyley, Sir John Corryton, Sir Tho. Gower, Lord Mansfeild, Sir Herbert Price, Sir Winston Churchill, Sir John Harrison, Sir Robert Brooke, Sir Edw. Hungerford, Sir Edm. Pye, Sir John Marley, Lord shaw, Sir Tho. Fanshaw , Sir Adrian Scroope, Sir Cha. Cotter ell, Sir William Moreton, Sir Wm. Fleetwood,

Berkley, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir John Robinson, Sir Tho. , Mr. Mountague, Mr. WeflphalingSir Robert Burnham, Mr. Aldworth, Dr. Burrell, Colonel Windham, Mr. Green-vile, Mr. Milward, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Bifeawcn, Colonel Gilby.

A Bill

1

A Bi!! for settling the Manors and Lands late belongf ing to Sir William Poole.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time on

Friday next.

A Petition of feverat Merchants, Tradesmen, Victuallers, and others, was read.

Resolved, &c. That this Petition be referred to Mr. Pryn* Lord Richardson, Mr. , Mr. Hen. try* S\x Ant h. Irby* Sir John Duncombe, Mr. John Vaughan* Sir George Ryve Mr. ScawenSir Hen. Worseley* Sir Hen. Herbert* Mr. Spry, Mr. NewportColonel Gilby* Sir Cottercll* Mr. Jolly* Mr. Birch* Sir Pho. Meres* Sir Philip Warwick* Mr Bufcawen*Sir Mr. Jones*

Sir Robert Atkins* Mr. William Coventry* Sir Wm. ley* Sir Rich. Oateley* Mr. GMr. Sir Pho. Allen* Mr. Cory* Mr. Jay* Sir Pbo. Sir

Edmund Pye* Mr. Milward*SirEdw. Sir John.

Robinson* Sir John Corryton* Lord Sir Pho.

Bludworth* Mr. Crouch* Sir John Sir Rich. rard* Sir John Birkenhead* Sir Pho. Littleton* Sir Rich. Ford* Mr. Hobby* and all the Members that Lrve for the City of London: And all that come to the Committee are to have Voices: And they are to take the said Petition into Consideration * and examine, and report, What Means they find most convenient for Satisfaction of the Petitioners: And they are to meet in the Inner Court of Wards, on Friday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Clause was tendered, to be added to the Bill concerning Hearth-Money.

Resolved* &c. That this Clause be recommended to the Committee of the whole House, to take the same into Consideration.

A Meftage from the Lords, by Sir Mundeford Jton and Sir Nathaniel Hobart;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have returned you a Bill, intituled, An Act for preventing Disturbances of Seamen, and others, and to preserve the Stores belonging to his Majesty's Navy Royal; with some Alterations and Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Which Amendments and Alterations, being read, were, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be returned back to the Lords.

And then the House resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed on the Bill concerning Hearth-Money.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins took the Chair.

Mr. Speaker again took the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins reports, That the Committee had proceeded in the Bill; and finished the fame, with feme Amendments: Wherein he is ready to make Report to the House.

The Question being put. That the Report of the said Amendments be now made to the House;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Sir Robert Atkins accordingly reports, The Amendments and Alterations to the said Bill: Which he read, in his Place; and after, delivered in at the Clerk's Table: And ..... twice read.

The several Amendments, to the Amendment in the Sixteenth Line of the Folio, were, upon tire Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, That the Clause, after the Word " Exchequer," in the Sixteenth Line of the Third Folio, ending with these Words, " and all Arrears of the fame," in the Lane of the same Folio, do (land: And, as to the rest of the Amendments, the House agr< ed with the Committee.

The rest of the Amendments, being severally put, were, Upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, That the said Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrafted.

Resolved, That Leave be given for bringing in a Clause, for Punishment of the Officer, or his Deputy, in case of Injury done by him to any Person or Persons.

Resolved, That Leave be given to bring in a Clause, for ftcurirg the Allowance, appointed to be made by the former Acts, to the Clerks of the Peace, and Petty Constables.

Resolved, That Leave be given for the Bringing of a Proviso, upon the present Debate, to prevent the Levying of Arrears by this Bill, not really due by the former

Acts.

Resolved, That Mr. Clifford do make his Report, concerning Trade, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock;

Ordered, That Mr. Sandys* Mr. George Ryve, and Mh

Cory, be added to the Committee, to whom the Lady Wandcsford's Bill is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for a Burgess for the Borough of New Sarum, in the County of Wilts, in the room of Mr. P , lately deceased.

% '

Ordered, That Colonel Robinson be added to the Committee for Privileges.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning at Eight of the Clock.

Jovis* 21° die Aprilis, 16° Car. 11".

Prayers.

cprOHN Corfellis did, this Day, take the Oaths of AI-J legiance and Supremacy, in order to his being naturalized.

Ordered, That the Name of the said John Corfellis be inserted into the Bill for Naturalization.

Ordered, That the Committee, to which the Bill fot settling the Navigation of the River Wye was committed, be impowered to send to the Warden ' of the Fleet; to cause James Pitfon to be brought, from time to time, to attend upon his Bill, and be examined before the Committee, as Occasion shall require.

Upon Complaint made, on the Behalf of Mr. Jay* Ik Member of this House, of a Breach of Privilege committed against him by one Mr. an Attorney,

in bringing an Action of Ejectment, and proceeding to Tryal, and obtaining a Verdict to evift Mr. Jay out of the Possession of certain Lands extended by him;

Ordered, That the Matter of Breach of Privilege, ob-jested against the said Mr. Witberley by Mr. Jay* be referred to the Committee of Privileges; to examine, and report to the House: And that, in the mean time, the Entering of Judgment on the Verdict be stayed.

Ordered, That Mr. Collins have the Leave of this House

to go into the Country.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to the Committee to which the Bill for taking away of Damage Cleere was committed; Mr. George* Mr. Come-wallis Mr. Buller* Sir Edm. Mr. Sir

Wm.Pbompfon* Sir Cha. HMr. Cory* Colonel Robiffon* Mr. Pepis* Mr. Mr. Spry* Sir Pho.

Gower* Mr. Jones* Sir Rich. , Sir John,

Mr. Jay.

A Bil|

A Bill to enable Charles Colton Esquire to make Leases of Lands, to raise Monies for Payment of his Debts, was read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read the Second time on Saturday next.

A Bill for settling the charitable Use of Abraham Calfi Clerk, concerning Two Free-Schook by him erected in tire Parish of Lovisham in the County of Kent, was read the First time.

Ordered, That tills Bill be read the Second time on Saturday next.

A Bill concerning the Corporation of Felt-Makers was read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time on Tuesday next.

A Bill for Partition of Lands was this Day read the Second time.

Rejohed, See. That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Bufcawen, Sir John Robinson, Sir Lancelot Lake, Sir John Corryton, Sir Anth.Irby, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Heath, Sir I ho.

Allan, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. S Sir John Birkenhead, Sir George Ryve, Sir Wm. Ki, Lord Ancram, Mr. Buller, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Wm. Whitmore, Serjeant Moreton, Mr. Clifford, Sir Wm. Fleetwood, Colonel Mr. Hobby, Colonel Windham, Sir John Rouse, Sir Job Charleton, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Edw. Sir John

Roll, Colonel Arundell, Sir WiChurchill, Mr

Mr. Milward, Sir Tho. Gower, Sir Rich. Oately, Serjeant Scys, Lord Filzharding, Mr. Westphaling, and all the Members of this House that are of the Long Robe: And they are to meet in the Exchequer-Chamber, on Saturday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And they are to consider of a Clause to be added, and inserted in the Bill, to make the Lessee prove the Lives in Being.

Mr. Clifford reports, from the Committee appointed to consider, How the Trade of the Nation may be improved and advanced, That the Committee had met several times -, and bestowed much Time and Pains in examining the Obstructions and Encroachments upon Trade; and had unanimously agreed upon a Vote to be repotted to the House. And, after he had opened the several Proceedings' of the Committee, and the Matters which induced them to pass the Vote, he read the Vote in his Place , and then delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

And the Vote, being again read, was as followeth:

Resolved, Sec. Nemine contradicente. That the several dnd tespective Wrongs, Dishonours, and Indignities, done to his Majesty by the Subjects of the United Provinces, by invading of his Rights in India, Africa, and elsewhere; and the Damages, Affronts, and Injuries, done by them to our Merchants; be reported to the House, as the greatest Obstruction of our Foreign Trade: And that it is the Opinion of the Committee, That the said respective Dishonours, Indignities, and Grievances, be humbly and speedily presented to his Majesty: And that he be most humbly moved to take some speedy and effectual Course for the Redress thereof, and all other of the like Nature, and for the Prevention of the like in future.

The Question being put. To agree in Opinion with the Committee;

It was resolved in the Affirmative, Nemine contradicente.

Resolved, See. That these Words, viz. " and, in Prosecution thereof, this House doth resolve they will, with their Lives and Fortunes, assist his Majesty against all Opposition whatsoever," be added to the former Vote.

Resolved, &c. That the Wrongs, Dishonours, and Indignities,- done to his Majesty by the Subjects of the United Provinces, by invading of his Rights in Africa, and elsewhere , and the Damages, Affronts, and Injuries, done by them to our Merchants; are the greatest Obstrffction of our Foreign Trade: And that the fame

be humbly and speedily presented to his Majesty: And that he be most humbly moved to take some speedy and effectual Course for Redress thereof, and all other of the like Nature; and for the Prevention of the like in future: And, in Prosecution thereof, they will, with their Lives and Fortunes, assist his Majesty against all Oppo-fitions whatsoever.

Resolved, Sec. That the Concurrence of the Lords be desired to this Vote: And that a Conference be desireef with their Lordships, in order thereunto; And that Mr. Clifford do go up to the Lords to desire the Conference.

Ordered, That Mr. Clifford, Mr. Waller, Mr. Henry Coventry, Mr. Sollicitor-General, Sir Edward Walpoole, Sir Thomas Meres, and Sir Winston Churchill, be appointed to manage the Conference with the Lords.

And then the* House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning at Eight of the Clock.

Veneris, 2 2° die Apr Mis, i6° Car. IIdL

Prayers.

A Mela Hardwick and Cornelius Vandeurs did, this E)ay, take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, in order to their being naturalized.

Ordered, That the said Amela Hardwick and Cornelius Viandeurs be inserted into the Bill for Naturalization.

Ordered, That Mr. 7 ‘revanionhave the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

Ordered, That the Lord Ancram, and Colonel , be added to the Committee to which the Bill concerning the Lady Glenbam is committed.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to the Committee to which the Bill for Naturalization of

Dame Catharine Sayers, and others,.....; viz. Lord.

Richardson, Lord Fanfhaw, Sir Rich. Everard, Sir Robert

Brooke, Sir Abra. Cullen, Sir Tho. Fanfhaw, Sir William Fleetwood, Sir Tho. Meres, Lord Ancram, Colonel lawney, Mr. Roberts.

Ordered, That the Name of Henry Crevett be inserted into the Bill of Naturalization.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Goodrich, Mr. Dowdeswell, be added to the Committee to which the Bill concerning Malverne-Chace is committed.

Ordered, That the Bill for settling the Manors and Lands, late belonging to Sir William Poole, be read the Second time on Tuesday next.

A Bill for Confirmation of Letters Patents, granted by his Majesty to the College of Physicians in the City of London, was read the Second time.

Another Bill, containing Provifbes on the Behalf of the Surgeons and Apothecaries, was read the Second time.

Another Proviso was tendered, on the Behalf of the Apothecaries.

Resolved, See. That the said Bills, with the Proviso, be committed to Sir John Goodrich, Lord Fanfhaw, Sir Lane.

Lake, Mr . Morrice, Sir Francis Goodrich, Sir Tho. Gower,'

Mr. Wren, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Allen, Dr. Sftar-terman. Sir Tho. Higgons, Sir J Sir Tho. Fanfhaw, Mr. Hen. Coventry, Sir Rich.- Everard, Sir George Ryve, Sir Wm. Gawdy, Mr. Bifcawen, Sir Allan Broderick, Sir Tho. Bludworth, Sir Rich. Temple, Sir Hugh Betbell, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Sir Hen. Wood, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Waller, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Anth. Irby,

Mr. Crouch, Dr. Burrell, Sir Edw. , Lord An-

cram, Dr. Arras, Sir John DMr. Onslow, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Wm. Coventry, Mr. Jones, Sir Winston

Churchill, Mr. Treasurer, Colonel Tho. Robinson, Sir Theop. Biddolph, Colonel WanSir Nicolas Crisp,

Mrt

Afr. Vaughan* Sir Courtney Poole: And- all the Members of this House, who Hall come, are to have Voices: And they are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber, on Tuefiiay next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And they are to summon, and hear the Surgeons and Apothecaries, or some on their Behalf* as a!so on the Behalf of the Two Universities, and the Archbishops and Bishops; and to summon and hear all other Parties concerned: And the Letters Patents, granted by his Majesty to the College, are to be produced before, and perused by the Committee: And they are to fend for Persons, Papers* and Records.

Ordered, That the Committee to which the Bill concerning the Physicians is committed, be joined to the Committee to which the Bill for Levying of Forfeitures* incurred by Vintners, is committed.

Sir Job Charletonreports, from the Committee to which

the Bill against seditious Conventicles was committed* several Amendments to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place and after, delivered itlie same in at the Clerk'fc Table.

Which Amendments Were read the First time.

The several Amendments were read the Second time: And all the Amendments, except the Amendment to the Ninth Line of the Fourth Folio* were* upon the Que-Ition, agreed to.

And, upon the Second Reading of that Amendment, these Words, " or give the special Matter in Evidence," were, upon the Question, agreed to be inserted in that Amendment: And the Amendment, with the Addition of these Words, agreed to.

Several Provisoes were twice read and, on the Question, agreed to.

Rejoined, See. That the said Amendments be agreed to: And that the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

Mr. Clifford reports, That the Lords had agreed to a present Conference Upon the Vote concerning foreign Trade.

A Petition of the Silkthrowers of London Was read:

Ordered, That this Petition be referred to the same Committee, to which the several Petitions of the Clothiers of the old and new Woolen Draperies were formerly committed to take the Petition into Consideration; and report the Matter, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Ordered, That all such Members of this House, as are of Counsel With Sir John Pack* have the Leave of this House to attend his Cause depending before the Lords.

A Bill against Pluralities wis this Day read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be tead the Second time on Tuesday next.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill for preventing the Delivering up of Ships to Turkish

Ships and Pirates,..... be revived j and do nieet this After-ternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Place formerly appointed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for a Knight of the Shire for the County of in the

room of William Lord Brereton, lately deceased.

Arid then the House adjourned till Vuejday next, at Eight of the Clock in the Morning.

Martis, 26° Aprilisy 16° Car. IIdl.

Prayers.

T\Aniel Vanmildert did, this Day, take the Oaths of

Allegiance and Supremacy, in order to his being naturalized.

Ordered, That the Name of the said 'Daniel Vanmildert be inserted into the Bill for Naturalization.

A Petition of John West on, and William in

relation to the River Wye, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee to which the Bill for settling the Navigation of the River Wye is committed to hear the Witnesses therein mentioned, before they make their Report.

A Bill to enable the Trustees of Sir William Keyte to fell Lands to pay Debts, Legacies, and Portions, was read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be rfcad the Second time on f‘bnrjdaynext.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the and

Parish of Maidfton in the County of Kent, Artificers in the Manufacture of making Thread, was read.

Resolvetd, That the said Petition be committed to the Committee appointed to consider. How Trade maybe advanced to take the same into Consideration and report heir Opinions therein to the House. t

Mr. William Coventry reports, from the Committee to which the Bill to prevent the Delivery up of Merchant-

Ships to Turkish Ships, or other Sea Pirates,.....That

the Committee had agreed, several Amendments to be made, and some Provisoes to be added to the Bill: Which' he read, with the Coherence, in his Place and after,-delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Which were twice read and, upon the Question, agreed to.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill, with the Amendments and Provisoes agreed to, be ingrossad:

Ordered, That the Bill for making navigable certain Rivers in the County of Cemewall be read To-morrow1 Morning.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to the Committee, to which. the Bill on the Behalf of the College of Physicians, in London, was committed viz. Sir Rich.Oateley, Sir Tho. Meres, ML Westpbaling, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Wrn. Lowther, Sir Edw. Mr. Mil-ward, Mr. Barnaby, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Sir

Tho. Dyke,. Mr. Hambden, Mr. Heath, Sir Solomon Swale, Mh Purcell, Colonel John R, Mr. Chetwine, Sir Tho. Strickland> Mr. Trevor, Sir Wm. Lewis, Sir John

Robinson.

. - ..... f

A Message from the Lords* by Mr. Jfustice Atkins and Mr. Justice Tirrell;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent us down to acquaint you, That they have concurred with the Vote of this House, concerning the Wrongs and Indignities done by the Dutch to' his Majesty, and his Subjects, delivered at the Conference, on Friday last arid have an Intent to wait on his Majesty* in a Body, with the Vote; and desire the Concurrence of this House to do the like: And the Lords will send to his Majesty, to know his Ple'afure, At What Time he will be attended: Of which they will give Notice to this House.

The Messengers being again called in, Mr. Speaker did acquaint them, That the House had considered of their Message and did concurr with the Lords in attending his Majesty with them, in a Body, when they had Intimation from the Lords of the Time that his Majesty would please to be attended.

6Z . -Sir

Journals of the House of ComittOrts. 1664

Sir Job ChaA.don reports, Frorn the Committee of Elections, touching the Election for the Town of ampton, between Sir John Barnard and Sir Ytlvgr-ton. That the Question between them (as it was agreed by Counsel on both Sides) was. Which of them had the Majority of Voices of Inhabitants, being Houlholdets* and not receiving Alms: That the Committee were of Opinion, That the Inhabitahts, being Housholders, and not receiving Alms, were the proper Electors for the Town of Northampton: And that the Sharing in the charitable Gift, appointed to be distributed at , is

a Taking of Altns: That Sir Henry YclVer ton had the Majority of Voices of Inhabitants, being Freeholders, and not receiving Alms; and was duly elected.

The Question being put, To agree with the Committee, That the Inhabitants of the Town of -

tont being Housholders, and not receiving Alms, are the proper Electors of Burgesses for that Town -, and that the Sharing in the charitable Gift, appointed to be distributed at -Christmas, is a Taking of Alms;

It was resolved in the Affirmative*

The Question being put. To agree with the Com- niittee. That Sir Henry Yelvertbn had the Majority of Voices, and was duly elected for the Town of Northampton, and ought to fit;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Mayor of Northampton, and the Clerk of the Crown, do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return, upon the Record* of Burgesses for the Town of Northampton,

Ordered, That all Committees which were discontinued, be revived and do fit this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Places formerly appointed.

An ingrossed Bill for collecting the Duty arising by Hearth-Money, by Officers to be appointed by his Majesty, was read.

And several Amendments were, upon the Question, agreed to be made thereto; and accordingly inserted into the Bill; and thrice read.

A Proviso, on the Behalf of such as have paid the Arrears, was tendered; and twice read: And fbme Amendments agreed, upon the Question, to be made, and inserted thereto at the Table: Which was twice read: Resolved, That the Proviso, so amended, be agreed to Another Proviso, touching Fees to be allowed for collecting the Duty, was thrice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

Another Proviso, touching the Punishing of Officers that shall misbehave themselves in collecting the Duty, was read. '

The Question being put. That the Proviso be read the Second time 5

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Sir Thomas Meres, ("Tellers for the Yeas:, Sir William Lowther, / With the Yeas, j 9*

Mr. Hide, fTellers for the Noes:">

Mr. Clifford, X With the Noes, 92*

And so it paHed in the Negative.

Another Proviso, to indemnify Constables, was read. The Question being put. That the Proviso be read the Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put. That the Bill do pafsj and that the Title shall be. An Act for collecting the Duty arising by Hearth-Money, by Officers to be appointed by his Majesty-,

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Mercuriij 170 die Apr ills, 16° Car.jV1.

Libert Baffengdid, this Day, take the Oaths of Allegiance

' and Supremacy, in order to his being naturalized.

Ordered, That the said Libert Baffeng be inserted iritd the Bill for Naturalization.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspeCk the Act concerning Customs, and to hear such Complainti as shall be offered to them, on Behalf of the Merchants; and others; and to consider of Expedients for settling the Table of Fees between the Customer and Merchant; in such Places where the Fees ate not already settled; and to repose their Opinions therein to the House: And that it be referred to Mr. Musgrave, Sir Rich. Sir

Courtny Poole, Mr. Milvoard, Sir Philip Musgrave, Sir Solo. Swale, Mr. Jones, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir I he. Meres,

Sir John Knight, Mr. Jay, Sir John Corryton Colonel Fretchvile, Sir Cha. Huffey, Mr. Scudamore, Sir Tho. Al-

len, Sir Anth. Irby, Mr. Westphalingi Colonel Windham Mr. Crouch, Mr. Kent, Colonel Mr; Morgan, Mr*

Cory, Sir John Mdrloe, Sir Edits. Walpoole-, Sir John Norton, Mr. Daf/lon, Mr. Pepis, Colonel , Mr. Gar-raway. Sir Tho. Gowre, Sir Fran. Anderson, Sir Rich. Francklyns Mr. Jollife, and all the Members of this House that serve for the Cinque-Ports, or any Port-Towns; and all the Merchants Of the House. And they are to meet on Thursday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer-Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And they are impowered to name a Sub-Committee, to examine and prepare such Matters as they shall find necessary.

A Petition of Colonel Mil Man, Lieutenant-Colo-ftel Michael Richardson, Captain Thomas Reynolds, on the Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Officers and Soldiers of his Majesty's Forces in Scotland, lately under the Command of Major-General Sir Tho. Morgan, was read.

Resolved, &c. That this Petition be referred to the same Committee, to which the Petition of the Victuallers and Creditors for Supply of the Navy was committed y to examine the Matter of the Petition; and to report it, with their Opinions, to the House: And Mr. Pryn, Sir Wm. Doyley, and Mr. Birch, are added to the Committee.

A Bill to enable Charles Cotton to make Leases of Lands to raise Money, to pay Debts, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Milward, Lord Newburgh, Sir Tho. Gowre, Sir John Goodrich, Colonel Gilby, Mr. Westphaling, Mr.

Sir Charles Berkley, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Edw. , Co-

lonel Fretcbvile, Sir William Low t her. Sir Mr. Morrice, Sir Rich. Oateley, Mr. Stanhop, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir William Doyley, Sir Tho. Strickland, and all the Members of this House, that serve for the several Counties of Stafford, Nottingham, and Derby: And they are to meet on Friday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons. Papers, and Records.

Mr. Crouch reports, from the Committee to which Mr. Cot ting ton's Bill was referred. That the Committee had perused the Bill; and summoned and heard the Far* ties concerned in the said Bill; and found no Cause to make any Alteration to the said Bill.

But, it being moved, on the Behalf of Mr. brooke, a Trustee for the Estate of the late Lord Cot ting ton. That he had not had any Notice to attend the Committee;

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to the former Committee, to the end Mr. or

some on his Behalf, may be heard before them: And, for that Purpose, the Committee are revived: And do meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Place, formerly appointed.

Ordered, That Sir John Dawney have the Leave of this House to go into the Country. *-

A Bill for settling the Estate lately belonging to Sir William Poole was read the Second time.

Resolved,

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Mi*. Vaughan, Colonel Sandys, Sir Solo. Lord

jon, Sir John Goodrich, Sir Rich. Sir Tho.

.gons, Sir Bayn. Throckmorton, Lord Mr. Gra-

ham, Sir Allan Apjlcy, Lord Gorge, Colonel Phillips, Mr. Pryn, Sir Edw. Walpoole, Mr. Bayn ton. Sir Courtney Poole, Sir Edw. Moseley, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr.

Chicbeley, Sir Edw. Hungerford, Sir John Earnely, Sir Hen. Lee, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Pitts, Mr. Sir

Lane. Lake, Sir Robert Holt, Sir Antb. Irby, Sir Fran. Goodrich, Mr. Prideaux, Sir Allan Broderick, Sir Edm. Pooley, Sir Hen. Capell, Mr. George, Mr. Hide, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Westphaling, Sir John Birkenhead, Mr. teele, Mr. Cornewallis, Sir Tho. Smith, Mr. John ham. Sir Robert Brooke, Sir Hen. Herbert, and all the Members of this House that serve for the Counties of Wilts and Glocester -, and all the Members that are of the Long Robe: And they are meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: Ard they are to examine, Upon what real Consideration Sir Walter Walker, and Mr. Beck, are Purchasers*, and to take care of the Interest of the Lord Newburgh , and that there be sufficient Provisoes to secure his Estate; or else that the Lands wherein he is concerned, be expunged out of the Bill: And the Committee are to summon and hear all Parties concerned in the Entail, or otherwise: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records:

Ordered, That the Bill for enabling the Lord Strang-ford to fell Lands for Payment of Debts be read the firii Bill Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Childe and Sir JuJlinian Lewin;

' Mr. Speaker, The Lords have lent us to acquaint you, That they have sent to his Majesty: And that rus Majesty hath appointed to receive both Houses, in the Banqueting-House at Whitehall, this Afternoon at Two of the Clock.

The Messengers being again called in, Mr. Speaker did acquaint them. That the House had agreed with the Lords to wait on his Majesty in the Banqueting-House, at Two of the Clock this Afternoon.

An ingrossed Bill to prevent and suppress seditiouS Conventicles was read , and debated.

Resolved, &c. That the further Debate of this Bill be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That these Members following, viz. Mr. John Pawlett, Sir John Stroud-, Mr. John Heath, Mr. Weflpbaling, Mr. Reger Vaughan, Mr; John Sir William Smith, Mr. Churchill, Sir Rich. Temple, Sir Edw. Littleton, Sir James Smith, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Colonel Wancklyn, Mr. Cornwall, Colonel Bisjhop, Sir John Coryton, Sir Winjion Churchill, Lord St. John, Mr. Whit-lucre. Sir Hump. Bennett, be added to the Committee, to which the Petition of the Creditors of the Navy is committed.

And then the House adjourned till One of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Pvft Meridiem.

THE Clerk of the Crown's Deputy, and tile Mayor of Northampton, attending at the Door, were called in to the Clerk's Table. And the Indenture, by which Sir John Barnard was returned* wai amended: And the Name of Sir Henry Telverton inferred;

Mr. Speaker, with the House, went to attend his Majesty at Whitehall: And

The House adjourned tiil Three of the Clock.

Mr. Speaker, with the House, being returned j Mr. Speaker reports, That his Majesty, being made acquainted. That the Lords and Commons, having considered

5

the great Decay of Trade, did find the chief Occasion of it to proceed from the Injuries and Depredations done by the Dutch: And that therefore they had agreed in the Vote, which they humbly tendered to his Majesty: And that his Majesty was pleased to declare, That he had tonftdered of the Vote.

And then the House adjourned rill Eight of the Clock the next Morning.

Jovis,28° Apr ills, i6# Car. Ii*

Prayers.

cpfObn Moll did, this Day, bike the Oaths of Allegiance Jr and Supremacy, in order to his being naturalized.

Ordered, That the Name of Moll be infer ted into the Bill for Naturalization.

Ordered, That the Names of Peter Lawrens and Isaac Delamare be ihferted into the Bill of Naturalization.

A Bill to enable a Sale of Lands to be made; for Payment of the Lord Strangford'S Debts, was read the First

time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Upon Information, That menial Ser-

vant to Colonel Wanklyn,a Member of this House, was Yesterday arrested, and imprisoned in Wood-street Compter, contrary to the Privilege of this House -,

Ordered, That the Sheriffs of London do cause the said Jofias Midgley forthwith to be discharged of his Imprisonment.

A Bill for making navigable certain Rivers in the County of Cornwall was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time on Saturday next.

A Bill to enable Sir William Keyte to fell Lands; to pay Debts, Legacies, and Portions, was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill be committed to Sir John Talbot Sir Tho. Gower, Sir Cliff. Clifton, Mr. Mil-

ward, Mr. Newport, Mr. Hen. , Colonel Kirkby,

Colonel Robinson, Sir Geo. Ryve, Sir Sir

John Birlihhead, Sir Cha. Berkley, Sir Edw. Masters, Sir Tho. Strickland, SvtTho. Allen, Mr. Sir Edm.

Pooley, Sir John Coriton, Mr. Devereux, Sir Sol. Swale, Mr. Daniell, Colonel Phillips, Mr. Heath, Sir Winston Churchill, Mr. Dowdjwell, Sir John Goodrich, Sir Rich. Oatley, Sir Rich. Brabant, Mb , Colonel Windham, Mr. Churchill, and all the Members of this House, that serve for the several Counties of Wore eft er and Gloucester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to the Committee, to which the Bill touching the River Wey is committed j viz. Mr. Mu, Sir Pen, Sir Rich. Franklyn, Sir Tho. Peyton, Sir James Smith, Mr.

John Trelawneyi Sir John Go Sir Sol. Swale, Mr. Walter Strickland, Mr. Trevor, Sir Wm. Batten, Sir John Vaughan, Mr. Hum. Bishop, Mr. Gteenvill, Mr.

Sir Fra. Goodrick, Sir Tho. Strickland.

An additional Bill; touching Corporations, was read the First rime.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read the Second time on Saturday next.

Ordered, That the Bill for settling the charitable Uses of Mr. Calfe be read the first Bill Tomorrow Morning.

Orderedx

Journals of the House of Commons. A. 1664.

Ordered, That the Bill concerning the Feltmakers be i'cad Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill to prevent the Delivering lip of English Merchaht Ships to Ships, of

Sea Pirates, be read Tomorrow Morning;

Ordered, That the several Committees to which the several Bills, against fraudulent Conveyances; concerning the Observation of the Lord's Day; the Increase of the Maintenance of Ministers in Corporations, and Market-Towns; and the Partition of Lands; be revived; and do fit this Afternoon at Two of die Clock, in the several Places formerly appointed.

Sir Charles Harbord reports, from the Comfnittee ti>

V.'hich the Bill for apportioning Rents, and preventing concurrent Leases of the Lands of Bishops, and other Ecclesiastical Persons, was committed. That the Committee had carefully peruled the Bill; and saw no Cause to make any Amendments or Alterations thereto: And delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered, That till Committees which were discontinued, be revived; and do fit this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Places formerly appointed.

Ordered, That the Bill touching building and repairing the Streets and Highways, and regulating Hackney-Coachrilen, be read Tomorrow Morning.

The House did then resume the Debate upon the Bill to suppress and prevent seditious Conventicles.

And some Amendments were, upon the Question, agreed to be made thereto: And were, 'accordingly, inserted into the Bill; and thrice read; and agreed to.

The Bill being further debated;

And the Question being put. That the Party, convicted of the Third Offence, shall have-Liberty to abjure the Realm;

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put. That the Clause concerning the Continuance of the Act shall stand as it is in the Bill;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put; That the Number " Five" do stand as it is in the Bill;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Proviso, on the Behalf of such as shall recant, and acknowledge their Sorrow for their Offence, was twice read:

The Question being put, That the Proviso be read the Third time;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, &c. That the Word Force" be added in the Bill, after the "Word -

Which was done; and the Word thrice read; and agreed to.

Resolved, &c. That the Words " with Force, if they fee Cause," be omitted in the Bill.

Which was done.

A Proviso was read, for laving the Act of the Milida; and laid aside.

The Question being put. That the Bill do pass;

It was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title shall be. An Act to prevent and suppress seditious Conventicles.

And the Lord Favfhaw is to carry up this Bill, and the Bill concerning Hearth-Money, to the Lords for their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Vmerit, 290 did April 16 Car.

Prayers.

irrlHiam Dewert did, this Day, take the Oaths of Alle-

giance and Supremacy, in order to his being naturalized.

Ordered, That the Name of the said William Davert be inserted into the Bill for Naturalization.

A Bill to establish and settle the charitable Use of ham Colfe Clerk, in erecting and endowing Two Free-Sschools in Levifham in Kent, was read the Seccnd time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Colonel Robinson, Colonel Kirby, Mr. Milzvard, Sir Robert Holt,

Sir Hugh Windham, Mr. Street, M r. Sir

Allan, Sir Robert Brookt, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Croke, Sir Rich. Oateley, Colonel Sir Cower,

Df. Burrell, Sir Solo. Swale, Sir Fra. Goodrich, Colonel Reames, Mr. Alorrice, Mr. Kent, Mr. Whittaker, Sir liam Lewis, Sir Edw. Afajiers, Sir Irby, Sir Swale, Colonel Gilby, Mf. Graham, Mr. Mr. Spry,

Sir John Low, Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir John Robinson, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Wm. Killigrew, Sir William Sir

Theo. Biddolph, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir John Knight, and all

the Members of this House, that serve for the County of Kent: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And Co fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Committee, to which the Bill fdf the settling the Estate of Sir Poole was committed, do fit this Afternoon, notwithstanding their Adjourxv ment Yesterday: And that this Bill be brought into the Committee: And it is referred to Mr. George to take care of the Bill: And these Members following are added to the Committee; viz.Sir Wm. Lewis, Mr. Street, Mr. Alorrice, Mr. Hobby, Mr. Weflpkaling, Sir John Knight, Sir Tho. Allan, Sir Tho. Higgons, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Bif-cawen. Sir Hen. North, Sir Tho. Gower, Sir Rich. Oateley, Mr. Scudamore, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir John Birkenhead, Colonel Reames, Sir Anth. Cope, Sir Francis Vincent.

A Bill, on the Behalf of the Company of Feltmakers, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Morrice, Mr. Weflphaling, Sir Robert Brooke, Sir Wm. Lewis, Sir Rich. Onslow, Colonel , Mr. Moore,

Sir Bayn. Throckmorton, Colonel Robinson, Sir Solo. Swale, Mr. Street, Mr. Jones, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Sir John Low, Mr. Whittacre, Sir Wm. , Sir Wm. Gawdy,

Sir Theop. Biddolph, Dr. Burrell, Mr. Crooke, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Finch, Lord Richardson, Colonel Kirby, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir John Knight, Sir John Sir Thd.

Gower, Sir Wm. Killigrew, Sir Colonel Whit-

ley, Lord Allington, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir John Sir William Lowther, Colonel Gilby, Sir Edw.; Sir

Rich. Oately, Sir Rich. Braham, Sir John Frederick, Mf. Jolly, Sir Rich. Ford, Sir Hen. , Sir John , Sir George Ryve: And all the Members of this House that shall come, to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And they are to take the Petition of the Company of Skinners into Consideration: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That it be referred to Sir Philip Dr. Burrell, Colonel Windham, Mr. Sollicitor-General, Sir Job Charleton, Sir William Doyley, Mr. Finch, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Cha. Harbord, Mr. Jones, Mr. Milward, Sir John Shaw, Mr. Vaughan, or any Three of them, to prepare and bring in a Bill for Redrtfs of Frauds and Abuses; and for better collecting the Duty of Excise.

A Bill for better repairing Highways and Streets, and for regulating Hackney-Coachmen, was read the First time.

Resolved,

Resolved, &c. That fhis Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill to enable the Lord Strangford to fell Lands, for Payment of Debts, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Morrice, Sir Fra. Goodrich Sir John Show, Sir John Brampfton, Mr. William Mountague, Mr. George tague, Mr. Westpbaling, Dr. B, Mr. John,

Sir Cha. Harbord, Lord Ellington, Sir Rich. , Mr.

John Ashburncham, Mr. Kent, Mr. , Colonel Edm.

Windham, Sir Wm. Lewis, Sir Sir

Poole, Colonel Fretchvile, Sir John Mr.

more, Mr. Street, Mr. Heath, Sir Edw. Majters Sir John

Birkenhead, Mr. Edw. Mount ague, Mr. Wren, Mr. ¥re-vor, Lord Fanshaw, Mr. Thurbane, Sir John Duncombe, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Benny Ashbumebam, Mr. Clifford, Sir Tho. Peyton, Colonel Phillips, Sir John Denham, Mr. Whorwood, Sir James SmiSir Rich. Brabam,

Sir Solo. Swale, Lord Ancram, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Allan Apfley, Sir Hugh Pollard, Sir Nicolas Crisp, Mr. Bamaby, Mr. Swinfein, Sir Hump. Winch, Sir John , Sir Hen. Herbert, Sir John Pelham* Sir Hen. Wood, Mr.

Mr. Hide, Mr. Glascock, Sir Clifford Clifton, Mr. Chiche-

ley. Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Tho. Mr. Purcell,

Sir John Robinson, Mr. Cornewallis* Sir William Killigrew,

Sir John Shaw, Mr. Lowther, Mr. George, Lord hury, Mr. Darnell, Mr. Whittacre, Sir Abra. Cullen, Mr. Waller, Sir John Carry ton, Mr. Bulteele, Mr. Hatton, Sir Nicolas Steward, Mr. Flint, Sir Geo. Courtbope, Mr. Jones, Mr. Faunt, Sir Francis Lawley, Sir Wm. Thompson, Sir Tho. Gower, Sir Wm. Windham, Sir Berkley: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Message from the Lords* by Sir William Child and Sir Mondeford Brampfton *,

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent us down to desire a present Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, upon an Answer they have from his Majesty to the Vote of both Houses, concerning the Indignities and Depredations done by the Dutch j with which his Majesty was attended by both Houses on Wednesday last.

The Messengers being again called in , Mr. Speaker did acquaint them, That the House had agreed to a present Conference in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Clifford, and the other Members who were appointed to manage the former Conference with the Lords, do manage this Conference.

Mr. Clifford reports, from the Conference had with the Lords, That the Lord Privy-Seal did manage the Conference; and did there communicate the King's Majesty's Answer to the Vote of both Houses; and delivered the lame, in Writing, to be also communicated to the House: "Which he delivered in at the Clerk's Table. And the same being twice read by Mr. Speaker — (which was as followeth j viz.

HIS Majesty, having considered the Address made to Him by His Two Houses of Parliament, is very well pleased with the great Zeal they have expressed for the Advancement of the Trade of this Kingdom, and removing all Obstructions which may hinder the same; being thoroughly convinced it is That which will contribute moll to the Honour and Glory of this Nation, and the Prosperity of His People. His Majesty will examine and peruse the particular Complaints which have been represented to His Parliament; and thereupon, according to their Advice, appoint His Minister at the Hague to demand speedy Justice and Reparation from the States-

General j as also use His utmost Endeavours to secure His Subjects from the like Violences for the future. Ia the Prosecution of which, or upon the Denial cf f fti e* He depends on the Promise of both Houses ta {land by Him: And returns them His hearty Thanks for their frank Declaration therein); —

Resolved, See. That the humble and hearty Thanks of this House be returned to the King's Majesty, by l'uch Members of this House as are of his Majesty's Honourable Privy-Council, for his Majesty's gracious Message* in Answer to the Vote of both Houses, touching Depre--dations and Injuries done by the Dutch.

A Bill against Pluralities was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Crouch, Sir Job Charleton, Sir Tho. Allan, Sir John Brampfton, Mr. Wren, Sir Sir

Meres, Mr. Clifford, Sir Edw. , Sir Lane. Lake,

Sir Wm. Whitmore, Sir Edm. Pye, Sir Oateley, Mr.

Westphaling, Sir John Corryton, Mr. Pryn, Sir John Birkenhead, Mr. Heath, Colonel Birch, Sir Tho. Sir

Edw. Walpoole, Mr. Crouch, Sir Lewis, Lord Ancram, Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir Nicolas Steward, Mr. Ash-bumeham. Sir Hen. Wood, Mr. Pepis, Mr. Hobby, Sir Hen. North, Mr. Finch, Mr. Coventry, Sir Sir Fra. Clarke, Sir John Duncombe, Sir Edw. Masters, Sir John Rouse, Sir Tho. Wendy, Mr. Bamaby, Sir Ralph Hare, Sir Tho. Higgons, Sir Courtney Poole, Sir Wm. -> ther, Sir Anth. Cope, Sir Wm. Doyley, Mr. Barnebam, Sir Hen. Feltham i And all the Members of this House, that shall come to the Committee, are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow, in the Speaker's Chamber, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning at Eight of the Clock.

Die Sabbati, 30° Aprilis, 16° Car. IIdl.

Prayers.

ff\Rdered, That these Members following be added to the Committee to which the Bill for settling the charitable Use of Abraham Colfe was committed 5 viz. Sir Edm.Peirfe, Sir Hen. Worjley, Sir John Corryton, Mr. Tre-lawney, Mr. Howard, Mr. Chowne, Mr. Kent, Mr. Turgis, Six Hen. Worjley, Sir Winston Churchill, Sir John Bramp-

fton, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Clifford C:ifton, Sir Court.

Mr. Rafhley, Mr. Hearle, Mr. Hobby, Mr. Pledwell, Colonel Phillips, Dr. 2>uarterman, Colonel Edw. Windham, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Jollife.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of Clife, within the Liberty of the Parish of St. Mary in was read.

The Question being put. That this Petition be referred to a Committee,

It palfed in the Negative.

A Bill for making Part of the Bailiwick of St. James, and Precincts thereof, parochial, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be read the Second time on Monday next.

A Bill for the Regulation, and better Government, of the Company of Painters-Stainers, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time on Monday next.

An additional Bill, to explain and supply the Act formerly made for regulating Corporations, was read the Second time.

The Question being put. That the Bill be committed

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

7 A Stf

Journals of the House of Commons. A. 1664

*45-

Sir Solo. Swale, r Tellers for die Yeas:")

Sir John Corryton, \ With die Yeas, J

Sir'John Talbott, f Tellers for the Noes: 7 Mr. Jones, \ With the Noes, J 10-

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative:

That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mr. Solli-

citor-General, Sir Tho. StricklandColonel Reams, Mr. Hide, Mr. Hide, Mr. Heath, Sir Meres, Mr.

Lord Fanfhaw, Sir Tho. Allen, Colonel Windham, Sir Job Charlelon, Sir Solo. Swale, Sir John Corrylon, Sir Robert Holt, Colonel Progers, Sir Clifford Sit Tho. Gower,

Sir Fra. Goodrich, Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir Jervas Clifton, Sir Edw. Masters, Mr. Waller, Sir Court. Poole, Mr. Musgrave, Sir Edm. Peirfe, Sir John Sir Edw.

IValpoole, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Sir John Sir

John Knight, Colonel Legg, Sir Geo. Probert, Sir John Shaw, Colonel Whitley, Colonel Kirkby, Lord Cornebury, Dr. Burrell, Mr. Prideaux, Mr. Bulteele, Mr.

Mr. Milward, Colonel Fretchvile, Sir Hen. Capell, Sir

Rich. Oatelcy, Sir Allan Apjley, Sir Fra. Vincent, Colonel

Phillips, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Winston Churchill, Mr. Hen. Coventry, Mr. Wm. Coventry, Sir Hen. North, Sir John Denham, Sir Tho. Higgons, Mr. Westphaling, Mr. Scudamore, Sir Hump. Bennett, Sir Cope, Sir Edw. Hungerford, Mr. Finch, Mr. Seymour, Sir Thomas Dyke, Sir Rich. Braham, Sir Wm. Mr. Harbord:

And all the Members of this House, that come to the Committee, are to have Voices: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Luna?, 20 die Mail, 16° Car. II41.

Prayers.

nrilleman Roflerman did, this Day, take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, in order to his being na-'. turalized.

Ordered, That the Name of the said Tilleman than be inserted into the BUI for Naturalization.

S*r Francis Goodrick reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for the Disafforellation of was committed. That the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill: Which Ire read, with the Coherence, in his Place and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table. And the Amendments, being twice read, were, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Mr. Crouch reports, from the Committee to which, the Bill to enable Francis Cottington, or Charles Cot ting ton, to-sell or dispose of Lands in Jointure for any Wife or. Wives that they shall take in Marriage, was re Committed, to hear the Claim of Mr. That the;

Committee had accordingly met, and heard Mr. brooke: And that, by his Consent, and without Oppo-fition of any other Person cona rned, the Bill was agreed,1 without any Alteration or Amendment:

And delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Resolved, See.That the said Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Gifford's Report, from the Committee of Trade, be heard on Monday Morning at Ten of the Clock.

The Sheriffs for the City of London, attending at the Door, were called in to the Bar.

Mr. Sheriff Rive did present a Petition, in the Name of the Lord Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens of die City of London: Which he desired might be read, and taken into Consideration.

Which Petition being received; and the Messengers withdrawn;

The Petition was read.

The Sheriffs* and Aldermen of London, being again called in j Mr. Speaker did acquaint them, That the First Part of their Petition did intimate an Apprehension, That the City might lie under the Difpl'easure of the House: It was a great Mistake; and he did assure them, from the House, That they had as honourable and fair Esteem Of that City, as they did deferVe. The other Part of their Petition did desire. They might have Liberty to proceed in their Action depending in the Court of Common-Pleas, to try the Validity of their By-Laws: He told them. The House would not interrupt the Proceedings of the Courts of Justice; but the Law should have its Course. They well knew. That the House was trusted with the Property of all the Commons of England, and likewise with the lawful Privileges and Rights of the City of London -, and, if any thing should come before them concerning those Matters, they would impartially discharge their Trusts to them both.

A Petition of John Rojier Gentleman was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the additional Bill to explain and supply the Ad formerly made for regulating Corporations is

committed.

Ordered, That Major Walden, Sir Cyril Wych, Mr. Edward Standley, and Mr. William Standley, be added to the Committee, to whom the Lord s Bill is

committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sir Charles Hctrbord reports, from the Committee to which the Bill to enable Sir WKeyte to lett Lease's of Lands, to raile Money to pay Debts, That the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill, by. inciting the Names of Trustees in the blank Places of the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place and delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: And the Amendments, being twice read, were, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Sir William Lewis reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for the settling the charitable Use of Abraham Calfe Clerk was committed, some Amendments agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: And the Amendments being twice read j and, upon the Question, severally agreed to,

Resolved, See. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Sir George Ryve reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for the taking away Damage Cleere was committed, That the Committee had agreed some Amendments to be made, and a Clause to be added, instead of the latter Part of the Bill: Which he read, in his Place -, and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: And the Amendments, being twice read, were, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Clause to be added to the Bill was read: Resolved, See. That these Words, " and other Clerks ," be struck out of the Clause.

Which was done.

The Question being pur. To agree to the Clause, so amended,

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

CTellers for the Yeas: 7

IWith the Yeas, $ 7&‘

Mr. Coventry, Sir Edm. S>\xTko. Gowre, Colonel Sandys,

eas,

\Tellers for the Noes:7 I With the Noes, J 70

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved?

16 Car. II. Journals of the

Resolved, See. That the Bill, with the Amendments and Clause agreed to, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to the Committee to which the Lord St rang ford's Bill is committed; viz. Colonel Whitle, Mr. , Colonel Reames, Sir Adrian Scroope, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Culleford, Mr. Knollys, Mr. A/V/&. LewisSir Roger Sir

Geo. flow.

A Bill to inclose and improve Commons and Waste-G rounds being tendered;

The Question being put, That this Bill be read Tomorrow Morning;

The Housewas divided.

The Yeas went out.

Sir Solo. Swale, C Tellers for the Yeas:?

Sir Tho. Higgons, \ With the Yeas, j 94-

Colonel Reames, f Tellers for the Noes: 7

Mr. Whorwood, ' \ . With the Noes,

And so it passed in the Negative.

Mr. Clifford reports, from the Committee fot. the Advance and Improvement of Trade, That they had met several times; and taken much Pains in considering of Expedients for the Advance of Trade -, and had agreed upon a Vote to be reported to the House; and did open the several Reasons which did induce the Committee to pass the Vote: And then read the Vote in his Place; and after, delivered the same iit at the Clerk's Table: And the Vote, being read, was as followeth; viz.

Resolved, See. That it be reported to the House, as the Opinion of the Committee, That, for the Increase of Trade, the House would admit of a Bill for the Naturalization of all Foreigners that shall take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy; except Jews.

The House having entered Upon the Debate of this Vote , and finding the same of Weight;

Resolved, That the further Debate of the Vote of the Committee for Advance of Trade be adjourned till Wednesday next, at Ten of the Clock.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Thomas Bennett and Sir Wm. Child;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have lent you down a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Sale of the Manor of by, and divers Lands in Ingoldefby in the County of Lin-colne, for raising Portions for the Two Daughters and Coheirs of Sir Wm. Armin the younger, Baronet, deceased: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. And they have also commanded us to acquaint you, That they have concurred with this House in the Bill, intituled, An Act for vacating certain Deeds made by Sir John Packington Baronet to Christopher Kenn, and others.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for Partition of Lands is committed; viz. Sir Cha. Harbord, Mr. Vivian, Mr.

Rofcarrack, Colonel Tho. Robinson, Mr. Sir Chichester Wray, Colonel TrelawneyMr. Trelawney, Mr. Spry, Mr. Hearle.

Ordered, That the Committee to which the Bill for Increase of the Maintenance of Ministers is committed, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill against Pluralities is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mar thy 30 die Mail, 16° Car. Ildl;

Prayers.

A Petition of William Palates Esquire, Receiver-General for the County of Rutland of the Monies to

House of Commons.

be distributed amongst the loyal indigent Officers, was read.

Resolved, &c. That the Petition be^ommited to the Committee appointed to consider of the Petition of the loyal indigent Officers; to examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Bill for the Regulation and better Government of the Company of Painter-Stainers, London, was read the Second time.

A Petition of the Company of Plafterers, London, was also read. .;

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill and Petition be com.-? mitted to Sir Robert Howard, Sir John Sir

John Denham; Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Tho. Sir Lana

Lake, Mr. Milward, Mr. Street, Mr. Torke, Colonel Reames, Mr. John Vaughan, Mr. Westphaling, Sir John Holland, Sir Rich: Oateley, Sir John Knight, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Edw. MasterSj Six Cha. Cotter ell, ^ir Geo. Courthope, Sir Wm. Lewis, Sir Rich. Browne, Sir Solo, Swale, Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir Rich. Ford, Sir John Bramp-ston, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Philip-Mu (grave. Sir Adam Browne, Sir John Shaw, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Sir Geo. Probert, Sir Rich. Oately, Sir CouPoole, Sir Law-ley, Sir George Stonehouse, Sir Theo. Sir

Powle, Colonel Sandys, Mr. Kent, Mr. Rigby, Mr, Jolly, Mr. Crouch, Mr* Geo. Mountague, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Hungerford, Mr* Bifcawen, Mr. Duckett, Mr. Muf-grave. Colonel Phillips, Mr. Mr. Barnaby, Colonel Morgan, Mr. Swinfein, Sir Robert Mr;

Whorwood, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Mr. Chet wine;

and all the Members that serve for the City of London, and the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and to summon and hear the Company of Plafterers, or feme on their Behalf: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Milward reports, from the Committee to which the Bill to enable Charles Cotton Esquire to make Leases of Lands, fof Payment of Debts, was committed. That the Committee had agreed upon one Amendment only to be made to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Which was twice readand, upon' the Question, agreed.

Resolved,8cc. That the Bill, With the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Sir Thomas Littleton reports, from the Committee to which the additional Bill to explain and supply the Act. for fetding the Draining of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, was committed, That the Committee had agreed some Amendments to be made, and Provisoes and Clauses to, be added, to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Which being twice read. Were, upon the Question, severally agreed.

Another Proviso, on the Behalf of the Country, was tendered; and twice read.

Resolved, That the Words " Clause or Proviso" be added in the Proviso, instead of the Word " Thing."

Which was done.

Resolved, That the Proviso, so amended, be agreed to.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments and Provisoes agreed to, be ingrossed.

A Petition of Henry Williams Esquire, a Member of this House, was read.

An Order of the Commissioners appointed for Bedford Level was read.

The Question being put. That Leave be given for the Bringing in of an Enacting Proviso, to be added to the Bill for enabling the Commissioners to re-hear the Caule wherein Colonel Williams is concerned;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Si{

Journals of the House of Commons. 1604.

Sir John Talbott, f Tellers for the Yeas: )

Sit Rich. Temple, f With the Yeas, j

: Sir William Gawdy, f Tellers for the Noes:. 7 /-«

Mr. Wren, \ With the Noes, j

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Upon Information to the House, That one Mr. Cooper, and Major Bayly, and others, did detain, in their Hands, several Sums of Money by them received, for the Use of the indigent loyal Officers;

Resolved, &c. That it be referred to the Committee to which the Petition of the loyal indigent Officers was referred, to summon Mr. Cooper, Major Bayly, or any other Persons of whom they shall have Information to detain any Money in their Hands, belonging to the loyal indigent Officers; and to examine the Matter which shall be objected against them; and what Monies they have received, and what is retting in any of their Hands; and to report the Matter, with their Opinions therein, to the House: And the Committee is hereby revived; and they are to fit Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Place formerly appointed.

Upon Information, on the Behalf of the Countess of Pembrooke, That she had long since caused the Money, by her received for the loyal indigent Officers, to be paid into the Hands of Major Bayley \ and hath Acquittances for her Discharge 5 yet, by Mr. s Omission to

make Entries, in his Books of Accompts, of the Monies, she is like to be again charged with Payment of it;

Resolved, See. That it be referred to the Committee to which the Petition of the indigent loyal Officers was committed, to examine the Matter touching the Countess of Pentbrooke, in relation to the Money by her paid in to Major Bayly, in full; and to certify the fame, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Mr. Vaughan reports, from the Committee for the Improvement and Advance of Trade, That the Committee had agreed upon a Vote to be reported to the House: Which he read; and delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: And the Vote, being again read, was as followeth , viz.

That the Increase of Hallage upon Cloths, taken at Blackwellball, and Leadenball London, is an Obstruction

of Trade: And that a Bill be brought in for settling the old Hallage, and taking away the said new Duty of Hallage, imposed upon Cloths brought to Blackwell and Leadenhall aforesaid, by virtue of an Act of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Common-Council, of the City of London, of the Fourth of December 1661.

The Question being put. To agree with the Committee i

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That it be referred to the same Committee, or any Three of them, to prepare and bring in the Bill.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Higgons be added to the Committee to winch the Bill for the Partition of Lands was committed.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to the Committee to whom the Bill on the Behalf of the Feltmakers is committed; viz. Mr. Swinfein, Sir Fra. Clerke, Sir Edm. Pooley, Mr. Whorwood, Mr. Mr.

Walden, Mr. Barnaby, Mr. Rigby, Sir Hump. Winch, Sir Rich. Brahatn, Mr. Henley, Mr. Sir Edm. Bow-

yer, Colonel Kirkby, Mr. Mountague, Sir Rich. Wiseman, Mr. Cornewall, Sir Roger BraMr. Mr.

Hobby.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for settling salt and fresh Marshes, gained from the Sea, is committed; Colonel Trelawney, Sir Tho. Higgons, Sir Sir

John Coryton, Mr. Prideaux, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Milward, Mr. Progers, Mr. Spencer.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Continuance and Enjoyment of certain Waters brought from and about Hide-Parke to the Cities of London and Westminster, and Places adjacent, was committed, That the Committee be revived; and do meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Place formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning at Eight of the Clock.

Meixurii, 40 die M, 16° IP.

Prayers.

MR. Milward reports, from the Committee to which the Bill to enable the Lady to fell Lands

to pay Debts, was committed. That the Committee had agreed some Amendments to be made to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table. And, being twice read; and these Words, " to his present Maintenance and, " being, upon the Question, agreed to be inferred in the last Amendment save one; and accordingly inferred; the several Amendments were, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

A Proviso was tendered to be added to the Bill; and laid aside.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That a Proviso be brought in, ingrafted, for the Lady Clemham, as to the Estate Ihe hath, or may claim, by virtue of the Deed of

Ordered, That the Bill concerning the Repair of Streets and Highways be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill touching Post-Horses be read Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill to continue the Act for Regulating of Printing, and Printing-Prefles, was read the First time.

Resolved, Sic. That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrafted Bill, to prevent the Delivering up of Merchants Ships, was read.

A Proviso, on the Behalf of the Owners and Masters of Ships, was tendered; and twice read.

The Question being put. That this Proviso be read the Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Proviso, to limit the Continuance of the Act, was tendered; and twice read; and, upon the Que-fton, agreed to be amended.

Which was done.

Resolved, That the Proviso, lo amended, be agreed to Resolved, That the Bill, with the Proviso agreed to, do pals: And that the Title shall be. An Act to prevent the Delivering up of Merchants Ships.

And Mr. Coventry is to carry up the Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to Committee to whom the Bill concerning the River Wye is committed; viz. Lord Fitzharding, Lord Sir Allan Apfley, Mr. Bulteele, Sir John Goodrick, Mr. John Scott, Mr. Hide, Sir Allan Mr. Wren, Sir Fra. Goodrick, Sir Tho. Smith.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Tho. Bird and Sir Mondeford Brampflon;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down Two Bills: The one, intituled, An Act against Deceit, disorderly and excessive Gaming; and die other, intituled, An Act for confirming Eight hundred Acres of Land,

2 Parcel

Parcel of the late Forest of Froome-Zelwocd, unto the Earl of Orrorey, and his Heirs: To which they desire the

Concurrence of this House.

The House then resumed the Debate upon the Vote of the Committee for Trade, touching a Bill for Naturalization of Foreigners.

The Question being put. Whether the main Question, of agreeing with the Committee, be now put;

The House was divided.

The Noes went out.

Sir Solo. Swale, 5 Tellers for the Yeas:

Mr. Scudamore, t With the Yeas, J

Colonel Reames, 5 Tellers for the Noes:

Mr. Seymoury I With the Noes, 1

And lb it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The main Question, of agreeing with the Committee, being put;

It passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning at Eight of the Clock.

x 18.

63-

Jovisy 50 die Maii^ 16° Car.

Prayers.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common-Council of the City of Canterbury, was read. Resolved,&c. That the said Petition be committed to the Committee appointed for the Improvement and Advance of Trade; to consider the Matter of the Petition; and report the fame, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

An ingrossed Bill, lent from the Lords, for the Sale of the Manor of Ingoldesby in the County of Uncolne, For raising Portions for the Two Daughters and Coheirs of Sir William Armin the younger. Baronet, deceased, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning, the first Bill.

A Bill to prevent Delays in Executions was read the

First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Trustees for Sir Wm. Keyte to fell Lands, for the Payment of Debts, was read.

Resolved, That the said Bill do pals: And that the Title shall be. An Act to enable Trustees for Sir William Keyte to fell Lands for the Payment of Debts.

And Mr. Coventry is to carry up the Bill to the Lords For their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to take away Damage Cleere was read.

A Provilb, on the Behalf of the Counties Palatines of Lancaster and Chester, was read.

The Question being put. That the Provilb be read the Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved,&c. That the Bill do pals: And that the Title shall be. An Act to take away Damage Cleere.

An ingrossed Bill for Confirmation of the Inclosure and Improvement of Malveme-Chace was read.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pals: And that the Title shall be. An Act for Confirmation of the Inclosure and Improvement of Malveme-Chace.

And Mr. Coventry is to carry up the Bill to the Lords For their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for Sale of certain Lands, for Payment of the Debts of Sir Sackvile Glemham, was read.

A Proviso was tendered to be added to the Bill; and tvvice read; and an Amendment agreed, upon the Question, to be made thereto.

Which was done.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Proviso agreed to do pass: And that the Title shall be. An Act for Sale or certain Lands, for the Payment of the Debts of Sir Sack*

vile Glemham.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Charles Cotton Esquire to make Leases of Lands, for Payment of Debts, was read.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be, An Act to enable Charles Cotton Esquire to make Leases of Lands for Payment of Debts,

An ingrossed additional Bill, to supply and explain a former Act, for the Draining of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, was read.

And an Amendment agreed; upon the Question; and made at the Table;

A Proviso was tendered to be added to the Bill, in relation to the Isle of Ely; and thrice read; and, on the Question, agreed.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Proviso agreed to, do pals: And that the Title shall be, An additional Act to explain and supply a former Act, for settling the Draining of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level.

And Sir Thomas Littleton is to carry up the Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for settling the charitable Gift of Abraham Colfe Clerk, for erecting and endowing Two Free Schools and an Alms-House at Lewisham in , was read.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title shall be. An Act for settling the charitable Gift of Abraham Colfe Clerk, for erecting and endowing Two Frec-Schools and an Alms-House at Lewisham in Kent.

An ingrossed Bill, to enable Francis Cottington, or Charles Cottington, to settle and dispose of Lands in Jointure for any Wife or Wives they shall take in Marriage, was read.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be. An Act to enable Francis Cottington, and Charles Cottington, to settle and dispose of Lands in Jointure, for any Wife or Wives they shall take in Marriage.

And Colonel Reames is to carry up the Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

A Bill to continue an Act, intituled, An Act for preventing the frequent Abuses in printing seditious, treasonable, and unlicensed Books and Pamphlets; and for Regulating of Printing and Printing-Prefles; was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for apportioning Rents, and preventing concurrent Leases by Bishops, and other Eccle-liastical Persons, was read.

The Question being put. That the Bill do pals;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Meres his Report from the Committee to which the Bill for Increase of the Maintenance of Ministers in Cities, Towns Corporate, and Market-Towns, be heard Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Thomas Meres reports, from the Committee to which the Bill against Pluralities was committed. That the Committee had made so'me Amendments to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place j and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

7 B Sir

Journals of the House of Commons. A. 1664.

Sir Thomas Higgons'-reports, from the Committee, to

which the Bill touching the Partition of Lands was committed, That the Committee had agreed some Amendments to be made to the Bill; and had, in pursuance of the Order of this House, agreed a Clause to be added to the Bill, to make the Leftfee prove his Lives in being: "Which he read in his Place and delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

And the several Amendments were twice read and, with the Addition of the Word " Father-in-law," and " or, " instead of " and, " upon the Question, severally agreed.

The Clause for the Lessee to prove his Lives in being was twice read; and laid aside.

The Bill being further debated;

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to the former Committee, upon the present Debate.

A Petition of Sir William Tumor was read.

Resolved., &c. That this Petition be referred to the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter of the Petition; and report their Opinion therein to the House.

Ordered, That the Committee to which the Bill for settling fresh and faltMarlhes was committed, do fit this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, notwithstanding their Adjournment.

Ordered, That the Report of the Bill for Naturalization be made Tomorrow Morning, the first Business.

Ordered, That the Committee to which the Bill for the Corporation of the Poor is committed, be revived; and do fit this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Place formerly appointed.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to the Committee to which the Petition of the Creditors of the Navy is committed; viz. Sir Anth. Cope, Colonel Lane, Colonel Leg, Mr. Come Mr. Barnaby, Baron of Kinder ton, Mr. Turgis, Sir Edw. Moseley, Sir Tho.

Smith, Mr. Thomas, Mr. Tho. Jones, Sir Herbert,

Svc.Robert Atkins, Mr. Chetwin, Sir Theo. Biddolph, Mr.

Swinfein, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Allejiry, Colonel

Morley, Sir Fra. Goodrich, Sir Adrian , Colonel

Whitley, Sir Heneage Finch, Sir Edward Littleton.

A Bill against deceitful, disorderly, and excessive Game-ing, was read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to the Committee to whom the Petition of the loyal indigent Officers is committed; viz. Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Dennis, Sir Jervas Clifton, Sir Tho. Higgons, Mr. Whor-wood. Sir John Monson, Sir Rich. Temple, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Edw. Walpoole, Sir John Corryton, Sir

Sir John Holland, Mr. Lowther.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning at Eight of the Clock.

Vitnerisy 6° die M 16° Car.

Prayers.

COlonel Robinson reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for Naturalization of Dame Catharine Sayer, and others, was committed, That the Committee had considered the Certificates of the several Per-ibns therein named, and found the same perfect; save only that he was commanded, by the Committee, to report the same of Peter de la Rouse, Dcxftor in Physick, Specially, That he was in Barbadoes: But there was produced an ample Certificate from the Lord Willoughby, on his Behalf, of

3

his having taken the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, and the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper.

The Question being put. That de la Rouse be continued in the Bill,

Is was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That such Persons as have not paid their Fees be struck out of the Bill of Naturalization.

Resolved, That the Bill be ingrafted.

A Bill for the dividing the Bailiwick of St. James, and other Places, from the Pa; isti of St. in the Fields,

and Making of a distinct Parish, and eroding a Church for the Inhabitants, was read the Second time.

A Petition of the Vicar and Churchwardens of St. Martin's in the Fields was tendered.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Petition, be committed to Sir John Duncombe, Colonel Phillips, Colonel Reames, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Tho. Sir John Good-

rick, Sir Allan Broderick, Mr. Geo. Mountague, Sir Philip Warwick, Mr. V/ejipbaling, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Jones, Sir John Knight, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Sir Hen. North, Sir John Holland, Sir Tho. Strickland, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Wm.Doyley, Sir Robert Long, Mr.

Mr. Waller, Colonel Fra. Windham, Mr. Sir Cha.

Harbord. Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Solo. Swale, Sir Clifford Clifton, Sir Rich. Oateley, Sir Jordan Sir Wm.

Gawdy, Sir Geo. Ryve, Sir Edm. Poo ley. Lord Mr. John Vaughan, Mr. Oneale, Colonel Edm. Windham, Sir John Packington, Sir Ralph Hare, Sir Bayn. Throckmorton, Sir Joint Birkenhead, Sir Wm. Smith, Mr. Scott, Sir Rich. Lloyd, Mr. Chicbley, Mr. Roberts, Colonel Williams, Mr. Walden, Mr. Whorwood, Sir John Rouse, Mr. Cornewallis, Sir Edm. Pye, Mr. George, Mr.

Sir John Monson, Sir Hen. Telverton, Sir Rich. Temple, Sir Hen. Felton, Sir Thomas Meres, Mr. Wm. Sandys, Mr. Wm. Coventry, Sir Hen. Herbert, Mr. Croke, Mr. Pepis, Mr. Wren, Sir John Cotton, Mr. Stanhop, Mr.

Mr. Devereux: And they are to meet this Afternoon at

Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to take the Petition of the Vicar and Churchwardens of the Parish of St. Martin's into Consideration: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, for the Sale of the Manor of Ingoldefby, in the County of Lincolne, for raising Portions for the Two Daughters and Coheirs of Sir Wm. Armin the younger, deceased, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Sir Tho. Strickland, Lord St. John, Sir John Sir

Francis Goodrick, Sir Edw. Walpoole, Sir Jordan Crojland, Colonel Reames, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Anth. Irby-, Sir Ralph Hare, Sir John Norton, Mr. Steward, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Torke, Sir Solo. Swale, Mr. Scott, Mr. Oneale, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Scudamore, Sir Lowther, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Churchill, Sir John Monson, Sir Rich. Francklyn, Colonel Gilby, Colonel Robinson, Mr.

Sir Tho. Hebbthwaite, Sir Thomas Meres, Sir Clifford Clifton, Mr. Seymour, Sir Chichester Wray, Lord Allington, Sir John Talbott, Sir Hump. Bennett, Sir Cha.

Sir Rich. Ingoldefby, Sir Fra. Lawley, Mr. Hungerford, Sir Tho. Ingram, Captain Sherrard, and all the Members of this House, that serve for the several Counties of Norfolk, Lincolne, and York: And they are to meet at Two of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Sir John Holland be added to the Committee, |to which the Bill concerning the Estate, late of Sir William Poole, was committed.

A Bill, sent from the Lords, for confirming Eight hundred Acres of Land, Parcel of the Froorne Zelwood, unto the Earl of Orrory, and his Heirs, was read the First time.

The Question being put, That the Bill be read the Second time;

It paired in the Negative.

A Bill,

A Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act to prevent deceitful and excessive Gaming, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Pryn, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Edw , Lord Allingtort,

Mr. Vaughan, Colonel Windham, Colonel , Sir

'John Knight, Sir Robert Howard, Sir

Sir Goodrich, Sir JcL* Denham, Sir,

Mt. Bufcawen, Mr. Seymour, Sir Irby, Mr. Rigby,

Mr. Scudamore, Sir lien. Worfcley, Sir Allan Apjley, Mr.

Westphaling, Sir Tho. Woodcock, Mr. Philip Howard, Sir Rich. Oateley, Mr. Stanhop, Sir Chich. Wray, Mr. Hunger ford, Mr. Baynton, Mr. Hide, Sir Tho. Gower, Mr. Jones, Lord St. John, Mr. Chetwynd, Sir Geo. Ryve, Sir Tho.Gower, Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. Waller, Mr. Hen. Coventry, Sir Allan Brotherick, Sir Cha. Ilarbord, Sir Geo. Probert, Sir Edm. Pooley, Sir Lewis, Sir Hen. North, Mr. Hen. Seymour, Sir Wm. Lowther, Mr. Hen. Standley, Mr. Thomas, Sir Adrian Scroope, Sir Clifford Clifton, Colonel Reames, Mr. Prideaux, Colonel SlwFra. Good-

rick: And all the Members of the House that shall come to the Committee, are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Thomas Meres reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for the Increase of the Maintenance of Ministers in Cities, Towns Corporate, or Market-Towns, was committed. That the Committee had agreed some Amendments to be made; and some Clauses to be added to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place*, and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Amendments being once read;

And the several Amendments precedent to the Amendment to the Line of the Folio; were read the Second time:

Resolved, That these Words, " which lies wholly, or in part," be added, after the Word " Parish," in the Amendment to the Line of the Folio.

Which was done.

All the subsequent Amendments, to the last, were read the Second time; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

And the last Amendment being read the Second time;

The Question being put. To agree with the Committee;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Walter Littleton and Sir Toby Woolrich;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Making of the Church, erected at Falmouth, a Parish Church, and no Part of the Parish of Gluvias, or Chapelry of St. Budocke: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Another Message from the Lords, by Sir Just. Lewin and Sir William Glafcocke *,

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have returned you the Bill, for collecting the Duty arising by Hearth-Money, by Officers to be appointed by his Majesty; with some few Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

A Bill for taking away Damage Cleere, in the Counties Palatine of Lancaster and Chestwas this Day read the

First time.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbatt, 70 die Mail, 16 Car. IP'.

Prayers.

f\Rdered, That the Committee to which the Bill for the better Observation of the Lord's Day was committed, be revived; and do fit this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Place formerly appointed,

A Bill, sent from the Lords, for making the Church, erected at Falmouth, a Parish-Church, and no Part of the Parish of Gluvias, or Chapelry of St. Budcck, was read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read the Second time on Monday Morning next.

A Bill to take away Damage Cleere, in the Counties Palatine of Lancaster and Chester, was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be committed to Mr. Rigby, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Lord Sir Tho. Littleton,

Mr. Hungerford, Sir Anth. IrbSir Mr,

Kent, Sir Wm. Lowther, Colonel Mr. Crouch, Sir

John Knight, Mr Morrice, Mr. Wm. Mount ague, S\rEdwi Moseley, Sir Richard Oateley, Mr, Torke, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. John Vaughan, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Wm. Doyley, Sir

Philip Warwick, Colonel Robinson, Mr. Colly ns. Sir Solo, Swale, Sir Geo. Clarke, Mr. Bifcawen, Mr.

Mr. Cory, Colonel Kirkby, Mr. Westphaling, and all the Members of this House, that serve for the Counties of Lancaster and Chester: And they are to meet this After noon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's . .: And to summon and hear the Parties concerned: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Merchants, Mariners, and others,' Traders of the Town of Boston in the county of ,

was read.

Resolved,&c. That this Petition be referred to the Committee, to which the Matter touching Expedients for settling the Differences in relation to Fees, between the Customers and Merchants, is committed; to consider the Matter of the Petition; and report the fame, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Bill for regulating Building, and to supply a former Act for repairing the Streets and Highways in and near London and Westminster, and regulating Hackney-Coaches, was read the Second time.

The Question being put, That tlte Bill be committed i The House was divided.

The Yeas, went out.

{Tellers for the Yeas:7 With the YeaS, $ f Tellers for the Noes: 7 \ With the Noes, j 1

Mr. Seymour, Mr. Whorwood, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Tho. Allan,

91.

102.

And so it passed in the Negative.

An ingrossed Bill for the Continuance of a former Act* for regulating the Press, was read.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill db pals: And that the Title shall be. An Act for Continuance of a former Act, for regulating the Prels.

Sir John Birkenhead reports, from the Committee, to which the Matter upon the Petition of Mr. Palmes was committed. That the Committee had agreed upon a Vote to be reported to the House: Which he read in his Place; and delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table. And the Vote being read, was as followeth;

That it be reported to the House, as the Opinion of the Committee, That Mr. Palmes be discharged of his Imprisonment, giving Security to the Treasurer lor the loyal indigent Officers to appear, when he shall be thereunto required *, and acquit himself of what he shall be charged with, by virtue of the Two Acts of Parliament, for Pay-' ment of the Monies due to the said loyal indigent Officers.

Resolved,

k

-by

Journals of the House of Commons. 1664.

Resolved., upon the Question, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That Mr. Palmes be discharged of his Imprisonment; giving Security to the Treasurer, Tor the loyal indigent Officers to appear, when he shall be thereunto required , and acquit himself of what he shall be charged with, by virtue of the Two Acts of Parliament, for Payment of the Monies due to the said loyal indigent Officers.

Ordered, That the Committee to which the Petition of the indigent Officers was committed, do fit this Afternoon; and examine. What Money is yet in Arrear, payable to the loyal indigent Officers; and in whose Hands it doth rest; and to make Report thereof to the House: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That it be referred to Mr. Pryn, and Sir Philip Warwick, to prepare and bring in a Bill for the

better collecting such Monies as are in Arrear, and due to die King's Majesty; and also the Arrears of Monies due and payable to the loyal indigent Officers.

Mr. Prin reports, from the Committee, to which the Bill for regulating Abuses in Retaling of Wine, and Ale, and Beer* was comhiitted. That the Committee had agreed some Amendments to be made to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after* delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

The First Amendment to the Twenty-fourth Line of the Second Page was twice read; and debated.

The Question being put. To agree with the Committee in that Amendment;

It paired in the Negative.

The other Amendments Were twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Sir Francis Go'odrick reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for enabling the Lord Strangford to fell Lands, for Payment of Debts, was committed, several Amendments, agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

And the Amendments, being twice read, were, upon die Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Another Provish, on the Behalf of Algernon , was tendered.

Ordered, That the said Proviso be brought in, ingrossed.

Lunes, 9° die Mail, 16* IIdl.

Pray e ks.

A Bill for settling the Duty of Hallage for Woolen Manufactures was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Slit Anthony Irby reports, from the Committee to which the ingrossed Bill, lent from the Lords, for the Sale of the Manor of Ingoldesby, and divers Lands in Ingoldesby in the County of Lincolne, for railing Jordons for the Two Daughters and Coheirs of Sir William Armin the younger, deceased, was committed. That the Committee had carefully perused the Bill; and heard all Parties concerned: And found the Bill to be very just, and for the Benefit of all Parties interested; and that there was no Omission or Defect in penning the Bill: And therefore had returned the fame, without any Amendments or Alteration: And delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Clifford reports, from the Committee appointed to consider. How the Trade of the Nation may be im-

proved and advanced. That the Committee had agreed Upon a Vote, in relation to the Actions of One hundred thousand Pounds, brought by Sir Robert Carr against the late Governors of the East India Company: Which he read in his Place: And the fame, being again read, was as followeth; viz.

That the Actions of One hundred thousand Pounds, for an additional Duty upon Callico, brought by Sir Robert Carr against Sir Andrew Rickard, and Sir, Thomas berlaine, late Governors of the East India Company of Merchants, London, be represented to the Hoyfe as vexatious, and a Burden and Obstruction to their Trade.

The Question being put, To agree with the Committee,

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Attorney, and such as do prosecute the Suit, on the Behalf of Sir Robert Carr, in the Exchequer, against the late Governors of the Company, do attend this House, to give an Account of their undue Proceedings: And that all Proceedings, in the Actions brought in the Name of Sir Robert Carr, be flayed.

Mr. Clifford further reports, from the Committee ap-binted to consider. How the Trade of the Nation may e improved and advanced* That the Committee, upon further Examination, had found out several other Wrongs and Depredations done by the Dutch to Sir William Cotirteene, and others: Of which he delivered in a Particular, in Writing, agreed by the Committee to be reported to the House.

Ordered, That the Particulars; reported from the Committee of Trade,' be added to the former Exhibits , upon which the Vote of the Committee, touching the Depredations done by the Dutch, was grounded: And that the several Papers and Exhibits, touching this Matter, be delivered to Mr. Secretary Bennett, for the Use of his Majesty.

Ah ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, for the Make-ing of the Church, erected at , a Parish-Church,

and no Part of the Parish of Gluvias, or Chapelry of St. Budock, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Sir William Killigrew, Mr. Pryn, Sir John Coriton, Sir Court.

Poole, Colonel Robinson, Sir Rich. Braham, Sir Francis Goodrich, Mr. Crouch, Mr. B Mr. Seymour, Sir Winston Churchill, Sir Edm. Peirfe, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Spry, Sir Cha. Harbord. Colonel Reames, Colonel Arundel!, Sir Wm. Lowther, Colonel Windham, Sir Peter Killigrew, Mr. Clifford, Sir Rich.Onslow, Sir Rowland Berkley, Sir Solo. Swale, Sir Job Charleton, Sir John , Sir Clifford Clifton, Sir Wm.Stroude, Sir Anth. Irby, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Cornewall and Devon: And they are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber, this Afternoon at Two of the Clock: And to summon and hear all Parties concerned: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for regulating the Company of Painter-Stainers was committed; viz. Mr. Geo. Mountague, Sir Solo. Swale, Sir John Rouse, Sir Job* Shaw, Sir Fra. Goodrich, Sir Will. Killigrew, Sir Antb. Irby.

A Petition, in the Name of the old Patentees, for Retaling of Wine, was read; and, being irregular, laid aside.

An ingrossed Bill for uniting Parishes, and for Increase of the Maintenance of Ministers, In Cities, Towns Corporate, and Market-Towns, was read.

A Proviso for Preserving of the Church-Yards for Bu-rying-Places was twice read.

The Question being put. That this Proviso be read the Third rime;

It passed in the Negative.

The Bill being debated;

The

The Question being put. That the further Debate of this Bill, for the uniting Parishes, and for Increase of the Maintenance of Ministers, in Cities, Towns Corporate, and Market-Towns, be adjourned till Ten of the Clock Tomorrow Morning;

It was resolvtd in the Affirmative.

Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill for the collecting the Duty arising by Hearth-Money, by Officers to be appointed by his Majesty, were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to *, and read a Third time.

Resolved, &c. That the Amendments agreed to, be inserted in the Bill; and the Bill sent back to the Lords.

Ordered, That all the ingrossed Bills be read the Third time. Tomorrow Morning.

And tli, en the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Martis, 10° die Maii, 16° Car. IV1.

Prayers.

MR. Rigby reports, from the Committee, to which the Bill for taking away Damage Cleere, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was committed. That the Committee had agreed some Amendments to be made to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

And the Amendments, being twice read, were upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Members of this House, that are of the Long Robe, be added to the Committee, to which the Bill concerning the Watercourses brought from Hide-Parke to Westminster was committed: And that the Committee do hear Counsel on the Behalf of his Majesty.

An ingrossed Bill for enabling Trustees for the Lord Strangford to fell Lands, for Payment of his Debts, was read the Third time.

Resolved,&c. That the Name of Henry Sydney Esquire be inserted in the several Places of the Bill, before the other Trustees therein named.

Which was done.

A Provish was tendered to be added to the Bill on the Behalf of Algernon Sydney; and thrice read; and agreed to Resolved, &c. That the Proviso be made Part of the

Bill.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Proviso, do pass: And that the Title shall be. An Act to enable Trustees for the Lord Strangford to fell Lands, for Payment of Debts.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Dame Catharine ers, and others, was read.

Resolved, &c. That the (slid Bill do pals: And that the Tide shall be. An Act for naturalizing Dame Catharine Sayer, and others.

And Mr. Pryn is to carry up the Bill to the Lords.

An ingrossed Bill to limit Pluralides of Livings, and for Increase of the Maintenance of Curates, was read.

Resolved, &c. That the Word " Twenty" be inserted instead of " Ten."

Which was done.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill do pass: And that the Tide shall be. An Act to limit Pluralities of Livings, and for Increase of the Maintenance of Curates.

And Mr. Pryn is to carry up the Bill to the Lords.

Sir John Coiyton reports, from the Committee, to

which the Bill for making the Church, erected at Falmouth, a Parish Church, and no Part of the Parish of Gluvias, or Chapelry of St. , was committed.

That the Committee had agreed some Amendments to be made, and Provisoes and Clauses to be added to the Bill: Which he read^with the Coherence, in his Place; and delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

And the Amendments, being twice read, were, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

The enacting Clause for raising a Maintenance for the Minister of the Church, was twice read; and these Words, " Sixteen-pence, nor less than Twelve-pence," upon the Question, agreed to be inserted in the Clause.

Which was done.

Resolved, &c. That the Clause, (b amended, be agreed

to.

The other Provisoes were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill, with Amendments, Clauses, and Provisoes, be read a Third time Tomorrow Morning.

The House did then re fume the Debate of the ingrossed Bill for Uniting of Parishes, and for Increase of the Maintenance of Ministers in Cities, Towns Corporate, and Market-Towns.

The Question being put. That the Clauses for Power to the Commissioners to demolish Churches, and dispose the Materials, do stand in the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Clauses were accordingly expunged.

A Proviso, on the Behalf of the County Palatine of Lancaster, was tendered; and twice read:

The Question being put. That the Proviso be read a Third time;

It passed in the Negative.

A Proviso for Archbishops, Bishops, Deans, and Chapters, and others, to increase the Maintenance of Ministers, was tendered; and twice read; and withdrawn.

The Question being put, That the main Question, That the Bill shall pass, be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, -That the further Debate of the Bill for uniting Parishes, and Increase of the Maintenance of Ministers, in Cities, Towns Corporate, and Market-Towns, be adjourned fqr a Month;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Mr. Secretary Bennett acquaints the House, That he had Command from his Majesty, to let them know. That there should be a Recess positively, on Saturday next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 11° die Maii, 16° Car. IF*.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, for Sale of the Manor of Ingoldefby, in the County of Lin-colne, for raising Portions for the Two Daughters and Coheirs of Sir William Armin the younger, deceased, was read the Third time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title be agreed to.

And Sir Thomas Ingram is to carry back the Bill to the Lords.

Ordered, That Thomas Wor, Servant to Sir John Birkenhead, one of his Majesty's Mailers of Request, and a Member of this House, being arrested, and now in Custody, contrary to the Privilege of this House, be forthwith discharged, without Fees.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, for making the Church, erected at Falmouth, a Parish-Church; with the Amendments thereto; was read the Third time.

7 C Resolved,

Resolved, &cc. That the Bill, with the Amendments, be agreed to; and sent back to the Lords for their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for taking away Damage Cleere, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be, An Act for taking away Damage Cleere, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

An ingrossed Bill for the better Levying of Penalties Upon Retalers of Wine, Ale, and Beer, was read.

Ordered, That these Words, " or by an unlawful Measure," be inserted into the Bill, after the Word " proclaimed."

Which was done.

Information being given to the House, That the Bill for levying the Penalties on Retalers of Wine, Ale, and Beer: (which was twice read in the House), was, after it went out to the Committee, much altered by some private Hand, without any Knowledge or Direction of the Committee; and a Bill reported, and ingrossed, much differing from the original Bill, which was committed;

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to examine the Abuse in altering the Bill for levying Penalties on Retalers of Wine, Ale, and Beer, after the Bill was committed; and bringing in, and reporting a Bill, much differing from the Bill read and committed, without the Privity or Direction of the Committee.

And it is referred to Mr. , Sir

Sir Antb. Irby, Sir, Cha. hujfeySir Robert Sir

Edw. Walpocle, Mr. Garraway, Sir John Birkenhead, Lord Richardson, Sir Job , Sir Tho. Gower,

Colonel Birch; or any Three of them: And t hey are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And to report the Matter, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Sir Charles Harbordreports, from the Committee to which the Bill against excessive, unlawful, and difbrderly Gaming, was committed. That the Committee had agreed some Amendments to be made to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

The First Amendment was twice read; and agreed to.

The Second Amendment, being to leave out the last Clause of the Bill, from the Ninth Line of the Third Skin, was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments, be agreed to; and returned back to the Lords for their Concurrence.

A Letter, to be sent by Mr. Speaker, to the Counties appointed by Acts of Parliament, for the Taxing, Affefiing, and Levying of the Eighteen Months Assessment granted to his Majesty; and especially to such of the said Commissioners as acted in the Taxing and Assessing of the said Assessment, and whole Clerks received the Allowance appointed by the said Acts, and to every of them; was read.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning at Eight of the Clock.

DieJovisy 12° Matty 16° Car. 11*,

Prayers.

MR. JVborwood reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for better regulating the Company of Painter-Stainers was committed. That the Committee had agreed several Amendments to be made to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

And the Amendments, bring twice read, were, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

A Letter, to be font by Mr. Speaker to the Commissioners appointed by the Acts of Parliament, for the Taxing, Affofling, and Levying of the Eighteen Months Assessment, granted to his Majesty , and especially to fuclv of the said Commissioners as acted in the Taxing and Assessing of the said Assessment, and whose Clerks received the Allowance appointed by the said Acts, and to every of them; was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That these Words, " Officers and Agents," be added to the Letter; and that the Letter be agreed to; And Mr. Speaker be authorized to sign, and fend several Letters to such Places as he shall find convenient.

Ordered, That the Report concerning the Abufo, in altering the Bill for Levying of Forfeitures, incurred by Vintners, and others, Retalers of Wine, Ale, and Beer, be heard Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock: And that Mr. Pryn have Notice to attend at that time.

Ordered, That it be referred to Sir Geo. Ryve, Sir Charlton, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Seymour, Sir Charles Hu/~

/ey, Mr. John Vaughan, Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. Garway, Sir Antb. Irby, or any Three of them, to consider of Expedients for the Members better Attendance upon the Service of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to report the Matter to the House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. JVitherley the Attorney, be font for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, or his Deputy, for causing Judgment to be entered, and Execution taken out, against the Tenant of Mr. Jay, against the Order, and in Breach of the Privilege of this House.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Walter Littleton and Sir Toby Woolrich;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a present Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Bill against Conventicles.

The Messengers being again called in, Mr. Speaker doe* acquaint them. That the House had agreed to a present Conference with the Lords.

Ordered, That Sir Job Cha, Mr. John,

Mr. Seymour, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Philip Warwick, Lord Fanshaw, Mr. Clifford, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr.

Mr. Waller, and Sir John Birkinhead, be appointed to manage the Conference.

Sir Thomas Meres reports, from the Committee to which the additional Bill for Relief of the Poor was committed, That the Committee had agreed several Amendments to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That all such Members of this House as have not yet paid in the Money, which by former Orders they were to have paid, to be distributed amongst the Officers attending this House, do pay the same into the Hands of Mr. Mar/h, Deputy to the Clerk of this House: And that all the Members of this House do now again anew contribute, and pay, for the Use of the Officers attending this House, every Knight of the Shire, Ten Shillings, and every Burgess, Citizen, and Baron of Cinque-Port, the Sum of Five Shillings apiece, into the Hands of the said Mr. Mar/h; to be distributed amongst the said Officers, in such Manner and Proportion as Mr. Speaker shall direct: And that a List of the Members Names be prepared; and the Money collected in the House Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Job Charlton reports, from the Conference had with the Lords, upon the Bill against Conventicles, That the Lord Bridgwater did manage the First Part of the i Con-

Conference; and the Lord Mobutt the Residue: And that they did declare. That the Alterations being of Moment* it was therefore thought proper they should be delivered at a Conference: Which Alterations were opened by the Reporter; and read, with the Coherence, in the Bill *, and after, delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Resolved, &c. That the House be adjourned till Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Poji Meri.

THE Amendments, sent from the Lords* to the Bill to prevent and supprds seditious Conventicles* were read the First time.

The First Amendment being, to add the Words " or Practice," after the Word Liturgy,'* in the Twenty-third Line of the First Press

The Question being put, To agree with That Amendment,

It pafl*ed in the Negative.

The next Amendment, to the Twenty-seventh Line of the same Press, was read the Second time , and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Amendment to the Thirty-seventh Line was read the Second time:

The Question being put, To agree to This Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The next Amendment, to the Fifty-third Line* was read the Second time *, and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Amendment to the Tenth Line of the Second Press was read the Second time j and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Two next Amendments* to the Twelfth and Thirteenth Lines of the same Prtfs, were read the Second time; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The next Amendment, to the Thirty-seventh Line of the Third Press* was read the Second time and* upon the Question, agreed to.

The Amendment to the Twentieth Line of the Fourth Press was read the Second time j and, upon the Question* agreed to.

The Amendments to the Nineteenth and Twenty-second Lines of the Fifth Press were read the Second time j and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Amendment to the Thirty-fourth Line of the same Press and Proviso, to be added, were read the Second time.

The Question being put. To add these Words* whilst he is there resident,*' be added to the Proviso

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put. To agree to the Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The last Amendment, being to add several Clauses and Provisoes, marked with the Letter C, was read: And the First Clauses and Provisoes, relating to Quakers, were read the Second time:

The Question being put, To agree to the First of the Clauses *,

It passed in the Negative.

The First Paragraph of the Proviso, relating to the Lords, was read the Second time:

The Question being put. To agree to This Paragraph; It passed in the Negative.

The next Paragraph was read the Second time: And, Upon the Question to agree,

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That a Conference be desired to be had with the Lords, upon the Amendments and Provisoes, sent from the Lords, to the Bill against Conventicles: And that Mr. Seymour do desire the Conference: And the Persons who were appointed to manage the former Conference, do also manage This.

Veneris, 13 ° die Mai:, 16' Car. IIj!.

Prayers.

A Petition of Sir Henry , Knight of the Bath* was read.

Ordered, That this Petition be referred to the Committee of Elections; to consider of the Petition , and report their Opinions therein to the House: And that the Committee do lit this Afternoon at Two of the Clock: And that the Sheriff of the County of Bedford do bring into the Committee, or deliver to each Party, a List of the Names of the Electors of the Knight for that County.

Mr. Vaughan reports, from the Committee to which it was referred, to consider of Expedients for the Members better Attendance upon the Service of the House, That the Committee had agreed on some Expedients, which they had drawn into Writing, for the Members better Attendance on the House: Which he read and delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

And being read and the Preamble postponed;

The First Paragraph of the Expedient was twice read: The Question being put. To proceed in the further Debate of this Report;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That it be recommended, from this House* to the Lord Treasurer, and the Chancellor of the Exchequer, to take care for the Preservation and Improvement of the Timber in the Forest of Deane; and also to consider of the Interest of Sir John IVintour, and other Persons concerned in the said Forest and that their Rights be preftrved.

And Sir Philip Warwick is to attend them with this Message.

Sir Edward Wblpdole reports, from the Committee ap« pointed to examine the Abuse in altering the Bill against Vintners, and Retalers of Ale and Beer, That the Committee had examined the Matter, and heard Mr. Pryn and did find, the Bill, after it was committed, was altered in several Particulars; and a Bill, new-writ, brought to the Committee, differing from the Bill committed.

And the Matter being thereupon debated

Mr. Pryn being in his Place, and acknowledging his Error and Mistake in altering the Bill j and professing* That he did not do it out of any ill Intent* but to rectify some Matters mistaken in it* and make the Bill agree with the Sense of the House upon Debate of the Bill when it was committed, [a] and that the Committee were acquainted therewith and craving the Pardon of the House for his Error and Mistake in this Matter

And being withdrawn and the Matter debated

It was Resolved, That Mr. Pryn be called into. hiS Place and be represended for his Error by Mn Speaker and have the Pardon of the House.

And Mr. Pryn being called in Mr. Speaker did acquaint him. That the House Was very sensible of thia great Mistake, in so antient and knowing a Member, to break so ertential an Order of the House, as to alter and interline a Bill after Commitment: But the House had considered of his Answer and Submission and were content to remit the Offence.

Mr. Pryn did again acknowledge his Error; and returned Thanks to the House for their great Favour towards him.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Child and Sir Thomas Bird

Mr. Speaker, The Leads have sent us down with the Bill naturalising Dame Catharine , and others, with an Amendment* for inferring Two Names into the Bill.

[a] The Words " and that the Committee were acquainted therewith " are scored under.

And

64 Journals of the House of Commons. 1664.

And have also commanded us to acquaint you. That And then the House adjourned till I o-morrow Morn they had agreed to the several Bills following; viz. inS at Seven of tire Clock.

And we are further to acquaint you. That the Lords desire a present Conference with this House, upon the Bill concerning Falmouth Church, in the Painted Chamber.

The Messengers being again called in; Mr. Speaker acquaints them, That the House had agreed to a present Conference.

Ordered, That Sir Peter Kill, Mr. , Sir

'John Corryton, Sir John Birkenh, Mr. , Mr.

Spry, Mr. Trelawny, Mr. Crouch, Sir Thomas Meres, and

Mr. Yorke, do manage the Conference with the Lords

upon the Bill concerning Falmouth Church.

Sir John Birkenhead reports, from the Conference had with the Lords, That the Lords had agreed to all the Amendments and Provisoes sent from this House, with one small Alteration only: Which he read, with the Coherence. And the Amendment, being twice read, was agreed to.

Resolved, See. That the Amendments agreed be inserted , and the Bill returned to the Lords.

Ordered, That the Lords be sent unto, and put in mind of the several Bills following; viz. The Two Bills for taking away Damage Cleere; the additional Bill concerning Bedford Level , and the Bill concerning Pluralities; And be desired to give Dispatch to those Bills. And Sir Thomas Meres is to attend the Lords with this Message.

Mr. Seymour reports, from the Lords, That they had consented to a present Conference with this House, iiT the Painted Chamber, upon the Amendments to the Bill against Conventicles.

The Amendments, sent from the Lords, for inferring Two Names into the Bill of Naturalization, were twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed; and read the Third time.

Ordered, That the Names be inserted into the Bill; and the Bill returned back to the Lords.

Resolved, &c. That the Order for the Commitment of Mr. Witherley, an Attorney at Law, to the Custody of

the Serjeant at Arms, be discharged.

And then the House adjourned till Four of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Post Meridiem.

A Message, sent from the Lords, by Sir Wm. Child and Sir Thomas Bennett-,

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent us to desire a free Conference with this House presently, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Bill against Conventicles.

The Messengers being again called in; Mr. Speaker did acquaint them. That the House had agreed to a present free Conference with the Lords.

Ordered, That the Members who were appointed to manage the former Conference, do also manage This: And Sir Thomas Gower, Sir Richard Ttmple, Mr. Jones, Mr. IVm. Coventry, Mr. Trevor, Sir Edward,

and Mr. Milward, are added with them.

Sir Job Charleton reports, from the free Conference had with the Lords, upon the Amendments to the Bill against Conventicles, That they do, in Effect, adhere to all the Matters in Difference, save only in the last Part of That Amendment concerning the Privilege of Peers; in which the Lords, for an Expedient, did offer a new Proviso instead of it: And did open the new Expedients offered by the Lords; and read it in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Resolved, &c. That the further Debate of this Matter, on this Report, be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning at Eight of the Clock.

Sabiati, i of die Mai, 16° II".

Prayers.

THE House did then refurtie the Debate 'upon the Report from the free Conference had with the Lords, upon the Amendments and Provisoes to the Bill against Conventicles.

And the Amendments to which the Lords adhere; and Proviso offered for an Expedient, in the Head of the for-,mer Proviso touching the Privilege of Peers, was read.

The First Amendment, for adding the Words " or Practice" after " Liturgy," to which the Lords adhere, was read the Second time; and debated:

The Question being put. To agree with the Lords in This Amendment;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The next Amendment, to which the Lords adhere, being to leave out all from the Beginning of Thirty-seventh Line to the Word " which," in the Forty-first Line; and, instead of " Oaths," to- read " Oath; " was read the Second time; and, on the Question, agreed to.

The next Amendment, to which the Lords adhere, for adding the Proviso marked Letter B, was read the Second time.

The Question being put. To add the Words " or Two Justices of the Peace, whereof one to be of the Quorum," to the Proviso, after " *;"

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put. To add these Words, "whilst he, or his Wife, shall be there resident," to the Proviso, after the Word "; "

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put, That these Words, " nor shall any other Dwelling-house of any Peer, or other Person whatsoever, be entered into with Force, by virtue of this Act, but in the Presence of one Justice of the Peace, or Chief Magistrate, respectively," be added to the Proviso;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being pur. That this Clause following; viz. " Except within the City of London, where it shall be lawful for any Dwelling-house to be entered into as aforesaid, in the Presence of any one Justice of the Peace, Alderman, or Deputy-Alderman, or any one Commit-fioner of the Lieutenancy for the City of London ;" be agreed, and added to the Proviso;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The next Clause, relating to the Quakers, which the Lords adhere to, be added by way of Amendment, was read the Second time; and debated:

The Question being put. That these Words, " being twice convicted of any of the Offences within this Act aforesaid," be added, after the Word " Persons;"

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put, That these Words, " except a Court-Leet," be added, after the Word " Record,'* in the Third Line of the Proviso -,

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put. That these Words, " or any Court Ecclesiastical," shall stand in the Proviso;

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put. That the Court of Equity shall stand in the Bill;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

f Tellers for the Yeas \ With the Yeas, j J Tellers lor the Noes :~t \ With the Noes,

Negative.

To insert the Word " and

Lord Cornebury,

Colonel Robinson,

Sir John Talbott,

Sir Hen. 2'elverton,

And so it passed in the The Question being put, for the Word "or;"

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

64. 118.

Resolved,

*33-

Rcfohed, &c. That these Words, " who is hereby authorized and required to administer the same," be added, after " Justice of the Peace."

The Question being put. To agree to the Clause, with the Amendments,

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The last Proviso, to be inserted as an Expedient, instead of the former Proviso, sent from the Lords, touching the Privilege of Peers, was twice read:

The Question being put. To agree to This Proviso; The, House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Sir Rich. Temple, f Tellers for the Noes: 7 Mr. Tanner, \ With the Noes, j 95*

Sir Edm. Pooley, j Tellers for the Yeas:

Mr. Newport, . (_ With the Yeas,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That a Conference be desired to be had with the Lords, upon the Subject-Matter of the last: free Conference upon the Amendments to the Bill against Con-Tenticles.

And Sir John Goodrich is to go to the Lords for their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be returned to the Members that were appointed to manage the free Conference had with the Lords, upon the Bill against: Conventicles, for their great Care and Pains therein; and in maintaining the Honour and Privilege of this House.

Ordered, That the Persons formerly appointed do manage the Conference.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Child and Sir JuJlinian Lewen;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent us to acquaint you, That his Majesty hath been pleased to forbear his coming this Night; and hath given them Time till Monday at Ten of the Clock, for Dispatch of the Matter now in Hand.

Resolved, That this House be adjourned till Nine of the Clock on Monday Morning.

--L 1 -1 rn _ _ ----- ----- -----,--W-1 — rp-n-^ITT-1-1

Lima,16° dieMail, i6° Car. IId‘.

Prayers.

A Message sent from the Lords, by Sir Thomas Bird and Sir Mondeford Brampfton;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a present free Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subje 51-Matter of the last Conference.

The Messengers being called in; Mr. Speaker acquaints them, That the House had agreed to a present free Conference, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Members formerly appointed do manage the free Conference to be had with the Lords in the Painted Chamber.

Sir Job Charleton reports, from the free Conference had with the Lords upon the Bill against Conventicles, That the Lord Anglesey did manage the Conference: And that he did acquaint them. He had Command, from the Lords, to tell them. That they were very sensible of the kind Expressions of this House at the last Conference; and should be as zealous of the Privileges of this House as their own: And did agree to all the Amendments of this House to the Proviso marked Letter B, except the last, relating to the City <Jf London: To which they had, as an Expedient, inserted these Words, " except such And, as to the Amendment concerning the Quakers, they had, by way of Expedient, agreed of a new Clause in the Beginning of the Proviso: That they did agree to inferc the Words " except Court-Leets :" That they did adhere to have the Word " or," instead of " and:" That they did adhere to the Clause concerning the Courts of Equity, and Courts Ecclesiastical, with an additional Clause to be added: Which Clauses and Amendments he opened , and read, with the Coherence.

The several Amendments sent from the Lords, until the Preamble to the Clause concerning Quakers, were agreed, upon the Second Reading.

104.

The Preamble was read the Second time:

The Question being put, To postpone the Preamble; It was ref lved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put. That these Words* " Courts of Equity," shall stand in the Bill;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put. That these Words, " or any Suit in any Court Ecclesiastical," shall stand in the Proviso;

The House was divided.

The Y eas went out.

Sir John Goodrich, f Tellers for the Yeas: 7 Sir Fra. Goodrich, \ With the Y eas, J

Mr. Birch, f Tellers for the Noes :7 c

Mr. Swinfen, \ With the Noes,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The additional Clause, sent from the Lords, was read the Second time.

An Amendment, tendered to be had, was read:

The Question being put. That This Amendment be read the Second time -,

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, To agree to the Addition sent from the Lords;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved,&c. That this Clause following be added, after the Word " Accompr," in the Twenty-third Line of the Proviso , viz." Which Oath the respective Court and Courts aforesaid are hereby authorized and required forthwith to tender, administer, and register, before the Entry of the Conviiftion aforesaid."

The Preamble, sent from the Lords, was read the Second time.

Another Preamble, to be inserted instead of it, was twice read *, and was as followeth; " A certain Sect called

Quakers, and other Sectaries, are found not only to offend in the Matters provided against by this Act, but also to obstruct the Proceedings of Justice, by their ob-flinate Refusal to take Oaths lawfully tendered unto them, in the ordinary Course of Law: Therefore."

The Question being put. After the Word " Regard," to add the Preamble read, instead of the Preamble fertt from the Lords;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put, To agree with the Lords, to let the Word " or" stand, instead of " and , "

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That a Conference be defiled with the Lords, upon the Amendments to the Bill against Conventicles: And Sir Edmund Pooley is to desire the Conference.

Sir Edmund Pooley reports, from the Lords, That they had consented to a present Conference, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Persons formerly appointed do manage the Conference.

Sir Job Charleton reports. That they had attended the Conference upon the Amendments sent from this House, to the last Amendments sent from the Lords, to the Bill against Conventicles: And that the Lord glefey did manage the Conference j and received the Bill, with the several Provisoes and Amendments; and carried the same in to the Lords: And, after a short time, came back again into the Painted Chamber j and acquainted them. That the Lords had considered of the last Amendments , and had fully agreed with this House therein.

And the Reporter came up to the Clerk's Table; and delivered in the Bill, and the several Provisoes and Amendments, as he conceived, rolled up therein:

But the Bill being immediately opened by the Clerk at the Table, in the View of Mr. Speaker, and the House; with Intent to add the Amendments agreed, and affix the Proviso to the Bill *, the Paper Amendments, agreed upon by both Houses, were found inclosed within the Bill, and the other Provisoes affixed: But the Proviso against Quakers, and other Se<5laries, was missing: And, upon Search and Inquiry made, being not to be foundj And the Matter thereupon debated;

7 E> Resolved,

66 Journals the House

Resolved, That a MeflTage be sent to the Lords, to desire a Conference upon the Subject-Matter of the'last free Conference, in relation to the Amendments to the Bill against Conventicles: And that Mr. William Convetitry do go up to the Lords to desire the Conference.

Mr. Coventry reports, That the Lords had agreed to a present Conference, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Persons formerly appointed do manage this Conference: And do acquaint the Lords, That, upon the Report of the last free Conference, and opening the Bill to add and affix the Provisoes and Amendments agreed to, the Proviso against Quakers, and other Sectaries, was not within the Bill; and could not be found.

A Meffiage from the Lords, by Sir JuJlinian and Sir 'Thomas Bird;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a present free Conference, with this House, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject-Matter of the last Conference.

The Messengers being again called in; Mr. Speaker did acquaint them. That this House had agreed to a present free Conference.

Ordered, That the Persons' formerly appointed do manage the free Conference to be had with the Lords.

Sir Job Charleton reports, from the free Conference had with the Lords, That the Lord jingle fey, the Lord Ashley, and the Lord Bridgewater, did manage die free Conference: And that the Lord Anglesey did acquaint them. That since the Proviso against Quakers, and other Sectaries, was missing, the Lords, as an Expedient to supply the fame, had commanded him to deliver the same Proviso; which had been twice read; and afterwards ingrafted, and read again a Third time, in their House, with some of the Amendments agreed: And that they afiented, to the end this House, upon Perusal of their Journal, and the Amendments agreed, might perfect the fame, as it was agreed to in both Houses, and return it with the Bill.

This Proviso being delivered in at the Clerk's Table;

Resolved, That the Debate of the Matter on the Proviso, delivered from the Lords, touching Quakers, and other Sectaries, be adjourned till Eight of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

of Commons. A. 1664:

Martis, ij° die Maii, 16 Car. IIJl.

Prayers.

THE House then resumed the Debate upon the Proviso, sent from the Lords, against Quakers, and other Sectaries.

And, having considered the former Precedents, that Bills have been amended, after they had passed both Houses; and fully debated the Matter,

The Question being put. That the Proviso, sent from the Lords, against Quakers, and other Sectaries, be read; It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Proviso was read the First time.

The Proviso and Amendments, agreed to by both Houses, were read the Second time.

The Amendments, agreed to by both Houses, were again read.

Resolved, That the Amendments be affixed, and added to the Proviso.

Which was done accordingly.

And the Proviso, with the Amendments, were read the Third time.

Resolved, &c, That this House is satisfied, That this Proviso, with the Amendments, fc a true Transcript of the Proviso and Amendments agreed by both Houses.

Resolved, That this Proviso, with the Amendments, be made Part of the Bill against Conventicles.

Ordered, That a free Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Subject-Matter of the last free Conference upon the Proviso against Quakers, and other Sectaries.

Sir Job Charlton reports, from the free Conference, That the Lords had fully concurred with this House, in the Matter of the Proviso and Amendments to the Bill against Conventicles.

A MeflTage from the Lords, by Sir John Eyton, Ulher of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker,

His Majesty commands this Honourable House to attend Him, presently, in His House of Peers.

And, accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the Lords, to attend his Majesty: Who was pleased to prorogue the Parliament to the Twentieth Day of August next ensuing.

Sabbat i> 20° die,

Anno Regni Caroli II* 1 Regis 16#.

Prayers.

His Majesty having, the Seventeenth Day of May last, prorogued the Parliament to this present Twentieth Day of August , and, by his Proclamation of the Fifteenth of July last, declared his Pleasure for the further Prorogation thereof till the Twenty-fourth of November next , his Majesty was pleased to grant his Commission to certain of the Lords, to declare his Pleasure for the Prorogation of the Parliament to the said Twenty-fourth of November next.

The House being met;

A MeflTage was sent from the Lords, by Sir John , Ulher of the Black Rod , viz.

Mr. Speaker,

I am commanded to acquaint you, from the House of Peers, That the King had sent a Commission to certain Members of that House; who desire the Attendance of this Honourable House, to communicate the same to them.

And, accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend the House of Lords: And his Majesty's Commission was there read , whereby the Parliament was prorogued to the Twenty-fourth of November next.

Jovis, 2 40 Novembris, i6° Car. 11".

Prayers.

A MeflTage from his Majesty, by Sir John Eyton, Ulher of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker,

His Majesty commands this Honourable House to attend Him forthwith, in His House of Peers.

Mr. Speaker reports, from His Majesty, That he went up, with the House, to attend the King: And that His Majesty was ready to begin His Speech: But the House

being difeomposed, by the Pressing in of Company, and so great a Noise, that His Majesty could not be heard; to prevent Mistakes, His Majesty had delivered His Speech in Writing, to be communicated to the House.

And Mr. Speaker having read His Majesty's Speech, He did further acquaint the House, That His Majesty also declared, That He did intend the Lord Chancellor should have made a Narrative concerning the Treaties, and Manner of Proceedings with the Dutch: But he being laid up of the Gout, His Majesty had caused the Narrative to be also put in Writing: W hich, being signed 3 by

i6Car. II. Journals of the

by His Majesty, was delivered by Mr. Secretary Bennett to Mr. Speaker; and read to the House.

Refched, &c. That the humble and hearty Thanks oi this House be returned to his Majesty, for his gracious Speech, and Narrative, concerning the Dutch Affairs, which he hath been pleased to communicate to both the Houses of Parliament; and for his Majesty's great Care of the Honour and Interest of the Kingdom: And that the Concurrence of the Lords be desired in this Vote: Ajad that Mr. Secretary Morrice is to go up to the Lords to desire the fame.

Resolved, &c. That the Matter of his Majesty's Speech, and Narrative, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Election of a Knight for the County of Wilts, in the room of the Lord Seymour, he being called up to the House of Peers.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Election of a Knight for the County of Lancaster, in the room of Mr. Edward Stanley, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Election of a Knight for the County of Gloucester, in the room of Sir Bainham Throckmorton, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Election of a Knight for the County of Oxford, in the room of Mr. Knollys, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Election of a Burgess for the Borough of Guilford, in the room of Sir Rich. Onslow, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Election of a Burgess for the Borough of Berwick, in the room of Sir Thomas Wideceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Election of a Citizen for the City of in the

room of Mr. Scot, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Election of a Burgess for the Borough of Gatton in the County of Surrey, in the room of Mr. Oldfeild, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant -to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Election of a Burgess for the Borough of St. Ives in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Mr. Ontale, deceased.

Ordered, That a Committee of Elections and Privileges be appointed of the Members following; viz. Sir Geo. Carteret, Sir Wm. Morice, Sir Edw. Hungerford, Lord Ancram, Lord Mandevile, Sir Geo. Probert, Sir Wm. Stroude, Earl of Newburgh, Mr. Bofcawen, Mr. Edw. Phillips, Sir Hen. North, Sir Rich. Maleverer, Mr. Street,

Mr Rigby, Mr. James Herbert, Sir

Lewis, Mr. Weld, Sir Jervas Clifton, Sir Mr. Stanley, Sir John Barrington, Sir Rich. Sir

John Newton, Mr. Manwaring, Mr. Sir Lowther, Sir Rich. Brabam, Sir John Cotton, Sir Tho. Hebblethwaite, Mr. John Ashburnham, Mr. Mr.

Pendarvis, Sir Ralph Bancks, Mr. Wm. Mountague, Sir Tho. Strickland, Mr. Jonath.Trelawny, Sir Oateley,

Sir Hump. Winch, Mr. Crouch, Sir Hen. Capell, Mr. Hen. Seymour, Mr. Marvell, Sir Mau. Berkley, Sir Rich. Ford, Mr. Tulfe. Lord Fanfhaw, Sir John Downey, Mr. Lau. Hide, Dr. Burwell, Sir John Holland, Sir John Strang-wayes. Sir Robert Holt, Mr. Mallett, Mr. Giles wayes. Sir John Brampfton, Colonel Windham, Sir

Crostand, Sir Hen. Lea, Sir Ralph Hare, Mr. Hender Roberts, Mr. Collins,' Sir Denny Ashburnham, Sir Tho.

House of Commons. ^67

Sir Geo. Ryve, Sir Heneage Finch, Sir Tho. Meres, Lord Mansfeild, Sir Hen.Puckering, Sir John Norton, Colonel Fret civile, Mr. Wm. Coventry, Sir John Roll, Mr. thur Stanhope, Sir Phil. Warwick, Sir Phil. Musgrave, Sir Fra. Goodrich, Mr. Lewis Palmer, Lord St. John, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Noell, Mr. Goddard, Colonel Kirkby,

Sir Chichester Wray, Sir Geo. S tone house. Sir Crispe,

Sir Hum. Bennett, Sir John Talbot, Sir John Hotham, Sir Anth. Cope, Sir Tho. Dolman, Mr. Eyre, Sir John Tufion. Colonel Gilby, Sir John Nicholas, Mr. Graham, Sir Wm. Hartop, Sir Geo. Sands, Mr. Lowther, Mr.

Mr. Hen. Coventry, Sir Gilbert Ireland, Sir James Smith, Sir Allan Apfley, Sir Hugh Pollard, Sir Tho. T Sir Solomon Swale, Sir John Goodrick, Sir Job Charlton, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Thurland, Sir John Bttrlace, Mr. Orme, Sir John Heath, Sir Tho. Bludworth, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Geo. Mountague, Sir John Sir Edm.

Peirfe, Mr Phillips, Sir Wm. DoyMr. Mr.

Chichley, Mr. Glascock, Mr. Wm. Sandys, Mr. Coventry, Lord Combury, Mr. Strickland, Mr. Darcy, Sir Wm. Bowyer, Mr. Edw. Seymour, Lord Serjeant

Littleton, Mr. Stafford, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Strode, Mr. Whittaker, Sir Wm. Fleetwood, Mr, Onslow, Sir Geo. Fletcher, Sir Robert Howard, Sir Edw. Smith, Sir Edw. Wtilpoole, Mr. Henley, Mr. Rich. Croke, Sir John Fagg, Mr. Walden, Colonel Williams, Sir John Knight, Mr.

Buller, Mr. Sherrard, Mr. Bamaby, Mr. Peirpoint, Sir Tho. Clifford, Sir Edm. Pooicy, Mr. Long, Mr. Nicholas, Lord Buckhurst, Colonel Leg, Lord Boteler, Mr. John

Grubhamhow, Mr. Whitley, Lord Richardson, Lord Seymour, Sir Fra. Vincent, Sir John Shaw, Sir Rich. Temple,

Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Windham, Mr. Hide, Sir Wm. Smith, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Gawdy, Sir Wm. , Colonel Mor-

ley. Lord Le De Spencer, Mr. Swinfen, Sir John Pelham,

Sir Hugh Bethell, Mr. Proby, Mr. Waller, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Sir John Denham, Mr. Packer, Mr. Wren, Mr. Goring, Mr. Tucker, Sir Tho. Ingram, Sir Rich. Everard, Sir Rich. Wynn, Mr. John Lowther, Sir Fra. Clerke, Colonel Browne, Sir Robert Atkyns, Sir Herbert Price, Lord Roos, Mr. Churchill, Sir Robert Brooke, Mr. Robert Croke, Mr. Prideaux, Sir John Duncombe, Mr. . Trelawney, Sir Geo. Downing, Mr. , Mr. Eger-

ton. Dr. Arris, Colonel Bowyer, Mr. John Elliot, Mr. Pleadwell, Sir John Morton, Mr. John How, Mr. Chet-wyn, Mr. Wm. Russell, Sir Tho. Gower, Sir Tho. pejfon, Mr. Pudsey, Mr. Scot, Mr. Hugh Bofcawen, Sir Rowl. Berkley, Mr. Geo. Clerke, Mr. Fount, Mr. rock. Sir John Emley, Sir Hugh Windham, Colonel Reames, Mr. John Strangwayes, Sir Just Isham Mr. Flint, Sir Hen. Herbert, Sir Allan BrodericSir Wm. Drake, Sir Wm. Tirrtngbam, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Devereux, Sir Adrian

Scroope, Sir Fra. Lawley, Mr. Pleyddl. Sir John Coriton,

Sir John Birkinhead, Mr. Milward, Sir Edw. Seymour, Mr.

John Trelawney, Sir Hen. Felton, Mr. Sir Matth.

Appleyard, Sir John Rouse, Sir John Covert, Colonel Sandys, Sir Cliff.Clifton, Mr. Trevanion. Sir Edw. ley, Mr. Torke, Sir Tho. Smith, Mr. Tho. Price, Sir Gilbert Gerrord, Mr. Wanklyn, Mr. , Mr. Stockdale, Sir

Rich. Lloyd, Mr. Tanner, Mr. Wharton, Colonel Gray, Lord Castleton, Sir Tho. Whitmore, Mr. Daniell, Mr.

Westfaling, Sir Cha. Huffey, Sir Cullen, Mr. Spencer, Lord Herbert, Sir Edw. Hale, Colonel Lane, Sir Wm. Killigrew, Sir Edm. Peirfe, Mr. Mr. Trevor,

Sir Rich. Franklyn, Mr. Andrew Newport, Colonel Ro-binfon, Mr. Cofferer, Mr. Lewis, Sir John Robinson, Colonel Arundell, Mr. Herle, Mr. George, Mr. Pryn, Sir

Anth. Irby, Sir John Frederick, Sir Metcalf Robinson, Sit

Edw. Masters, Mr. Thomas, Mr. Lovelace, Sir cer, Sir Rich. Edgcombe, Mr. Packer, Sir Tho. Wendy,

Sir John Trot, Sir Phil. Musgrave, Mr. Tanner, Mr. Edw. Hyde, Mr. Lucy, Sir Hen. Telverton, Sir Wicbe, Mr.

Low, Sir Hen. Wood, Sir John Sir Geo. Courtop,

Sir Walter St. John, Sir Wm. Portman, Lord

ing. Sir Hen.Widdrington, Mr. St. John, Mr. Hardress,

Dr. Burwell, Mr. Pryn.

Resolved, &cc. That this Committee do meet on Tuesday next, at Two of the Clodi in the Afternoon, in the

Exchequer-

Exchequer-Chamber; and every and Yhurfiay

;t Two of the Clock, in the Place before-mentioned; and 10 take into Consideration all such Matters as shall or may come in Question, touching Returns, Elections and Pri-\ ileges; and to proceed upon Double Returns in the first Place; and report their Proceedings to the House: And rdl Persons that will question Double Returns already made, are to do ir, in Fourteen Days after any new Return shall be brought i.i: Ar.d the Committee is to have Power to receive Portions , and to fend for Witnesses, Papers, and Records, for their Information; and to make Report of any Matter which may concern Breach of Privilege: And all Members, that are returned for Two or more Places, are to make their Elections, by This-day-three-weeks, for which of the PI ices they will serve; provided there be no Quell on upon the Return for that Place: Ar.d, if any thing shall come in Question, touching the Return or Matter of Privilege of any Member of this Committee, such Member is to withdraw from the Committee, during the Time the Matter which concerns himself is in Debate.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do fit every Monday at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do fit every H 'ednesday at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do fit every Friday at T.wo of the Clock in the Afternoon) in die House.

A Bill for preventing Delays in Executions upon Judgments was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time on This-day-sevennight.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 25° Novembr. 16° Car. Ild‘.

Prayers.

A Petition of Sir Henry Chester was this Day read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Elections and Privileges, to consider of the Matter of the Petition, and to summon and hear all Parties concerned; and to report the Matter, with their Opinions therein, to the I louse: And that George Wynn Esquire, the late Sheriff, shall bring in, and deliver to the Chairman of the Committee, a List of the Electors Names: And that a Copy thereof shall be delivered to Sir Hen. And

the Committee are to examine the Matter of Misdeameanour chjedled against the Sheriff, in refilling to bring in the Lift of Electors Names, according to the Orders of this House; and to report the same to the House.

A Bill to compcfe and prevent Differences between the Two Towns of Great and Little Yarmouth in the County of Norfolk, concerning the Lading and Unlading of Herrings and other Merchandizes, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time on Monday next.

A Bill for settling certain Marshes and Marsh-Grounds, lying near the Sea, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time

on Monday next.

A Bill to prevent Abuses in Fishing, and preserving the Spawn of Filli, in fresh Rivers, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time on Fuejdaynext. 2

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Child and Sir JuJlinian Lewen;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down Two Orders, the f irft whereof is as followeth; viz.

" Ordered, by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled. That the humble Thanks of this House shall be prefi-nted to his Majesty, by Six Lore's , for his Majesty's gracious Speech, and Narrative, to his Two Houses of Parliament; and for his great Care in' the Preservation of the Honour, Safety, and Trade of this Nation, by his Preparation for their Defence against the Dutch: And that his Majesty bedefired to give Leave,' that his Speech may be printed."

And the Second as followeth; viz.

" Ordered, by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, That the Thanks of this House be given unto the City of London, by Six Lords; for the:r Forwardness in assisting his Majesty; and, in particular, by furnishing him with several great Sums of Money towards his Preparations for the Honour, Safety, and Trade of this Nation."

To these Orders the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House; and that, they having named Six Lords, you will be pleased to name a proportionable Number of Commons; to join with the Lords, in returning Thanks to his Majesty, and also to the City of London.

The Question being put. To agree with the Lords in the First Order for returning Thanks to his Majesty, as is therein proposed;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put, To agree with the Lords in the Second Order for returning Thanks to the City of London, as is proposed in the Order;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, &c. That these Members following be appointed to join with the Lords, in returning Thanks to his Majesty, and to the City of London; viz. Mr. Secretary Bennet, Mr. Vice-Chamberlain, Sir Tho. Clifford, Colonel Popham, Mr. Waller, Colonel Fretzvile Hollis,

Sir Phil. Warwick, Lord Comb, Sir John Mr. Jfhburnbam, Sir Geo. Ryve, Sir Wm. Lowther.

The House then, according to their Order made Yesterday, took the Matter of the King's Majesty's Speech, and Narrative, into Consideration.

And the same being debated;

Resolved, &c. Nemine contradicente. That there shall be a present Supply considered of, for the King's Majesty.

Resolved, &c. That there shall be a certain Sum, for his Majesty's Supply, named by the House.

Resolved, &c. That the Naming of a certain Sum shall be no Restriction at the Committee of the whole House, in the Manner of raising the Sum named by the House.

The Question being propounded. That Five-and-twenty hundred thousand Pounds shall be the Sum that shall be given to the King's Majesty for a Supply;

And the Question being put, That that Question be now put;

The House was divided.

The Noes went out.

Sir Edw. Walpoole, f Tellers for the Noes: 7

Sir John Holland, \ With the Noes, J I02,

Sir Tho. Clifford, f Tellers for the Yeas: 7

Sir Edm. Pooley, £ With the Yeas, j '2*

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put. That the Supply for the King's Majesty shall be Five-and-twenty hundred thousand Pounds;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, &c. That the Five-and-twenty hundred thousand Pounds Supply for his Majesty shall be raised in Three Years; and applied towards the Maintenance of the Dutch War.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbafi,

Sabbat 26 die Novemb. 160 Car. II41

TTEderic alias Richard Comes did, this Day, take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, before Mr. Speaker, at the Clerk's Table, in order to his being naturalized.

Prayers.

A Bill for taking away of Damage Cleere was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read the Second time on Tuesdaynext.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to peruse the old Laws, and also the Acts lately made, concerning the Highways , and to fee wherein they are defective , and to bring in a new Bill for the effectual repairing and maintaining the Highways: And that it be referred to Colonel Williams, Colonel Windham, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Pryn, Sir Tho.Allen, Sir John Colonel Reames,

Sir Fra. Goodrich, Mr. Jones, Lord Richardson, Lord Allington, Sir Edw. Masters, Sir John Duncomhe, Major Walden, Colonel Robinson, Sir Mr. Attorney of the Duchy, Mr. Pepi Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Tho. Higgons, Mr. Buller, Mr. Finch, Sir ‘Tho. Dyke, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Chicbeley, Sir Tho. Wendy, Mr.

Sir John Denham, Mr. Jay, Sir Cha. , Sir John

Shaw, Sir Ralph Hare, Mr. ,' Mr. Kendall, Mr.

Rigby, and all the Members that serve for the several Counties of Essex, Hartford, Cambridge, and And they, or any Four of them, are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, &c. That the House be resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the Method and Manner of railing the Five-and-twenty hundred thousand Pounds Supply for the King's Majesty.

And then the House resolved into a Committee of the whole House accordingly.|

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Brampston took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker again took the Chair.

Sir John Brampston reports, from the said Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Debate of the Manner of levying the Five-and-twenty hundred thousand Pounds Supply for his Majesty: And humbly moved. That the House would resolve into a Committee of the whole House, on Monday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, to the end the Committee may proceed in the further Debate thereof.

Resolved, That the House be resolved into a Committee of the whole House, on Monday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, in order to the Committee's further Proceedings in the Debate before them, of the Manner of levying the Five-and-twenty hundred thousand Pounds Supply to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, at Eight of the Clock.

LuncBy 18° Novembr. 16° IId"

Prayers.

A Bill for enabling Francis Leigh Esquire to fell Lands to pay his Debts, and make Provision for his younger Children, was read the First time.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read the Second rime on Thursday next.

A Bill to compose and prevent Differences between the Two Towns of Great and Little Yarmouth in the County of Norffolke, concerning the Lading and Unlading of Her-ings, and other Merchandizes, was read the Second rime.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill be committed to Sir Allan Broderick, Mr. Pryn, Sir Tho. Sir Wm.

Gawdy, Lord Richardson, Sir Sir Solomon

Swale, Sir John Goodrich, Mr. Wren, Mr. Newport, Mr. Steward, Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir Tho. Gower, Sir John Holland, Lord Fanfrnw, Sir Tho. Clifford, Mr. Hide, Lord Cornbury, Sir Edm. Pooley, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Clifford Clifton, Mr. Westphaling, Mr. Mr. Vaughan, Sir

John Robinson, Sir John Birkinbead, Mr. Chicheley, Sir Phil. Warwick, Sir Fra. Clerke, Mr. King, Mr. Harbord, Sir Geo. Sonds, Sir John Coriton, Mr. Spencer, Mr. Ducket, Mr. Street, and all the Members of this House, that serve for the several Counties of Norffolke, and Suffolke, and the Cinque-Ports: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Thomas Prince, Cheesemonger, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, or his Deputy, for his Breach of Privilege, in proceeding at Law, and pressing for Judgment, against Sir Richard Browne, a Member of this House.

Resolved, Sec. That the Committee of the whole House do proceed to consider of the Raising of the Five-and-twenty hundred thousand Pounds, in a regulated fubfi-diary Way j reducing the same to a Certainty in all Counties, so as no Person for his real or personal Estate be exempted.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mart'iSy 290 Novembr. 16° Car. IF1.

Prayers.

A Bill for settling the Manors and Lands of Sir Jacob Aftley was, this Day, read the First time.

Resolved, Sec. That this Bill be read the Second time on Friday next.

A Bill for Preservatiofi of the Spawn of Fish, and td prevent Abuses in Fishing in fresh Rivers, was this Da read the Second time.

Resolved, Sec. That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Street, Colonel Gray, Mr. Westphaling, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Antb. Irby, Sir Wm. Doyley, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir, John . Robinson, Mr. Chetwyn, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Pepis, Mr. Edw. Seymour, Sir Rich. Brabam, Sir Sol. Swale, Sir Allan Broderick, Mr. Dowdfwell, Sir Tho. Tomkins, Sir Geo. Probert, Sir John Coriton, Sir Edm. Pooley, Mr. John Vaughan, Mr. Jay, Colonel Phillips, Mr. Pleydall, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Newport, Sir Chichester Wray, Mr. Crouch, Sir Tho. Allen, Mr. Rigby, Dr. Burwell, Sir Wm.

Sir John Holland, Mr. Jolly, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir John Nicholas, Sir Tho. Clifford, Colonel Kirkby, Sir Courtney Poole, Colonel Reames, Sir Hen. Felton, Sir John Good-rick, Sir Rich.Franklyn, Mr. Sands, and all the Members

of this House, that serve for the several Counties of Gloucester, Worcester, Hereford, Salop, Somerset, and Cornwalli And they are to meet on Thursday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And they are to peruse all the Statutes that are already made, concerning Fishing, and the Preservation of Fish, in fresh Rivers ! And to take care of his Majesty's Interest % and for the Preservation of the Fishing in the Rivers of Tweed and Trent: And to summon and hear all Parties concerned: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to take art Account from the Persons to whom the Letters were sent, touching the Money to be collected for the indigent loyal Officers; and to examine what hath been already paid $ and what rests unpaid of that Money; and by whole Default the same is not paid in, that the Persons in Fault ftiay 7 E be

Journals of the House of Commons. 1664.

be punished; and an effectual Course taken for the speedy Bringing in of the said Money, into the Hands of Sir John Rennet, appointed Treasurer for the Receiving and Distributing of the said Monies: And that it be referred to Sir Win. Lewis, Sir John Sir John

Sir Tho. Clifford, Colonel Kirkby, Mr. Crouch, Lord Fan-shaw, Colonel Fra. Windham, Sir Winston Churchill, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Sir Courtney , Sir John Goodrich,

Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir ‘Tho. Meres, Sir Sol. Swale, Colonel Whitley, Mr. Edw. Seymour, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Edm. Pooley , or any Four of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill to make the Bailiwick of St. James parochial was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read the Second time on Friday next.

Ordered, That the Bill for Settling of Three Parts ("the Whole into Eleven Parts to be divided) of several Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, upon Dame Susan Davie, and her Heirs, be read the First time on Thursday next.

Ordered, That the Bill for making Rivers navigable from Briftoll to London be read the First time on Thursday next.

And then the House resolved into a Committee of the -whole House, to consider of the Raising of the Five-and-twenty hundred thousand Pounds, in a regulated subsidiary Way; reducing the same to a Certainty in all Counties, lb as no Person, for his real or personal Estate, be exempted.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Job Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker again took the Chair.

Sir Job Charlton reports, from the Committee, That the Committee had made some Progress in the Consideration of the Manner of Levying the Five-and-twenty hundred thousand Pounds Supply for his Majesty: And de-lired, that the House would again resolve itself into a Committee on Thursday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, to proceed in the further Debate thereof.

Resolved, &c. That the House will resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Thursday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, to proceed in the further Consideration of the raising the Five-and-twenty hundred thousand Pounds.

Ordered, That the Officers of the Exchequer do bring into this House the Rolls of the last Subsidies, on Thursday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, to be perused by the Members of this House.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning next, Eight of the Clock.

j Jovisyi° Decembr. 16° Car. II"1.

Prayers.

ORdered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges, to examine the Matter of Breach of Privilege, complained of, to be committed by Mr. John Elwayes, and Sir Peter Killigrew, in affronting and assaulting Sir Richard Everard, a Member of this House: And that the Committee do fit this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, for Examination of this Matter: And that the Lid Mr. Elwayes and Sir Peter Killigrew do, upon Notice hereof, attend the Committee.

Ordered, That the Bill for settling Marshes and Marsh-Grqunds, lying near the Sea, be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for enabling Sir Edward Hungerford to fell certain Lands in the County of Devon was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time on Saturday Morning next.

1

A Bill for settling certain Messuages and Lands upon Dame Susan Davye, and her Heirs, was read the First time.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read the Second time on Saturday next.

Ordered, That the Bill for enabling Francis Leigh Esquire to fell Lands, to pay his Debts, be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill for making Rivers navigable in the County of Cornwall be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill for repairing and maintaining the Highways in the Counties of Bedford, Bucks, -amp ton, and Warwick, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill for Naturalization be read Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the manner of raising the Five-and-twenty hundred thousand Pounds Supply for his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkyns took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker took the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkyns reports, from the Committee, That the Committee was of Opinion, That the House be moved to name a Committee, to take into Consideration the Rates of the Four hundred thousand Pounds Subsidy, the several Ship-Rates, That of the Twelve hundred and Sixty thousand Pounds, and That of the Four last Subsidies, and what other Rates they think fit j and report them to to the House, with the Proportions of them, upon the several Counties.

Resolved, &c. That the House doth agree with the Committee: And that it be referred to a Committee, to take into Consideration the Rates of the Four hundred thousand Pounds Subsidy, the several Ship-Rates, That of the Twelve hundred and Sixty thousand i-'ounds, and That of the Four last Subsidies j and what other Rates they think fit* and report them to the House, with the Proportions of them upon the several Counties: Viz. Mr. Sollicitor-General, Sir Wm. Lewis, Sir Pooley, Mr. Secretary Morice, Mr. AshburnhSir Phil. , Mr. Vaughan, Sir Phil. Musgrave, Sir Tho. Clifford, Mr. John Jones, Sir Winston Churchill, Sir John Sir Wm. Gawdy, Sir Tho. Gower, Mr. Swinfen, Sir Hen. Wood, Sir Wm. Thompson, Colonel Edm. Windham, Sir Norton Knatchbull, Colonel Robinson, Colonel Strang way es. Sir Robert Howard, Sir Tho. Strickland, Colonel Birch, Mr. Pryn, Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. Trevor, Sir Wm. , Sir John Holland, Lord Fanfhaw, Sir Tho. Higgons, Sir John Goodrick, Mr. Edw. Seytnour, Mr. Sir

Sol. Swale, Sir Hen. North, Sir Wm. Lowther, Mr. Jones, Colonel Sandys, Mr. Bofcawen, Mr. Mr. William

Sandysor any Five of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And then the House adjourned dll To-Morrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

V merit, 2° Decembr. 16* Car. 11

Prayers.

TTEJler Gore did, this Day, take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, before Mr. Speaker, at the Clerk's Table, in order to her Naturalization.

3 Upon

Upon Information, That one Simon Topbam had arrested several Servants of the Lord St. upon Actions

brought in the Name of Roger Beckwith Esquire, contrary to the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That all further Proceedings upon the Arrests and Actions brought against Edward and other

the Servants and Tenants of the Lord St. John, at the Suit of Roger Beckwith Esquire, be staid, during the Session of this present Parliament: And that it be referred to the Committee of Privileges, to examine the Matter of Breach of Privilege objected against Simon , in

arresting the Servants of the Lord St. John; and report the Matter to the House.

A Bill for Making of certain Rivers navigable into the River Seaverne, and from thence into the River Thames, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time on Monday next.

Another Bill for making Rivers navigable into the River Seavetne, and from Seaverne into the Thames, and so to London, was also read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be also read the Second time on Monday next.

Ordered, That it be referred to Sir John Knight, Sir Robert Atkyns, Colonel Reames, Sir Edw. Walpoole, Mr. John Vaughan, Mr. Pryn, Sir Hen. Sir Anth.

Irby, Sa John Holland, Sir John Norton, or any Three

of them, to peruse the former Laws concerning the Im-prefiing of Seamen; and to bring in a Bill for the more effectual Impressing of Seamen, by inflicting Punishments on such as shall refuse to serve, or shall run away after they have received their Press-Money.

A Bill for settling certain Marsh-Lands, lying near the Sea, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Sir Edw. Walpoole, Sir John Norton, Sir Hen. Worjley, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir John Covert, Sir Robert Long, Mr. John Vaughan, Sir John Holland, Sir Robert Atkyns, Sir Tho. Clifford, Sir Hum. Bennet, Sir Tho. Tomkins, Mr. Pryn, Sir Sol. Swale, Colonel Norton, Sir Hen. Peckham, Sir Goodrich, Sir Cha.Harbord, Colonel Strangwayes, Sir Tho.

Mompeffon, Mr. Wm. Mountague, Sir Wm Sir Tho.

Dyke, Sir John Bennet, Sir Wm. Gawdy, Sir Anth. Irby, Colonel Windham, Sir Edm. Pooley, Sir John Goodrich, Sir Edw. Masters, Sir John Coriton, Mr. Pepis, Colonel Edw. Phillips, Colonel Tho. Mr. Garway, Sir

Wm. Killigrew, Sir Hen. North, Sir Ralph Bancks, Mr. Evelyn, Sir Phil. Warwick, Sir Cliff. Clifton, Sir Rich.

Franklyn: And all the Members of this House that shall come to the Committee, are to have Voices: And they are to meet in the Exchequer-Chamber, on T\uefday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And Mr. Sollicitor-Ge-neral, and other his Majesty's Counsel, are to have Notice, that they may attend the Committee % and be heard in Defence of his Majesty's Right.

A Bill to enable Francis Leigh Esquire to fell Lands, for Payment of Debts, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Sir Fra. Goodrich, Sir John Low, Sir John Coriton, Sir John Norton, Mr. Low, Sir Robert Atkyns, Sir Tho. Mompeffon, Mr. Collins, Mr. Culleford, Sir Lake, Mr. Henley, Sir Nic. Steward, Mr. Sprye, Mr. Morgan, Mr.

Daniell, Sir Anth. Irby, Mr. Hugh Bofcawen, Mr. Hoby, Sir Hen. Peckham, Sir John Holland, Sir Phil. Musgrave, Sir John Trot, Colonel Reames, Mr. Morice, Mr. Hunger ford, Sir Cliff. Clifton, Sir Hen. Worjley, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Crouch, Sir Sol. Swale, Mr. Torke, Mr. Speccot, Sir Tho. Higgons, Sir Edw. Bofcawen, Mr.

Mr. Baintcn; and all the Members of this House, that serve for the Counties of Southampton and Dorset: And they are to meet at Two of the Clock this Afternoon, in

57*

the Speaker's Chamber; and to summon and hear Mr. Harvey, and all other Persons concerned: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for settling the Estate of Sir. Jacob AJlley Was* this Day, read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill be committed to Sir Edw. Walpoole, Sir John Holland, Sir Robert Atkyns, Colonel Windham, Sir John Goodrich, Sir Anth. Irby, Lord Richardson, Sir Tho. Wendy, Sir Hen. North, Mr. Pepis, Mr. Torke, Sir Adrian Scroope, Sir Cha. Mr.

Whorwood, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Wm. Gaudy, Sir Robert Paston, Sir Ralph Hare, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Edm. Peirfe, Sir Hen.Newton, Lord Allington, Sir John

fton, Sir Tho. Tompkins, Sir Rich. Oatley, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Robert Barnham, and all the Members of this House that serve for the several Counties of Norffolkc, Kent, and Warwick: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to the Committee to which the Matter, touching the Monies in Arrear to the loyal indigent Officers, was committed j viz. Sir John Coriton, Mr. Morice, Sir Hum. Bennet, Mr. Rigby, Sir John Goodrich, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr.

Mr. Walrond, Sir Rich.Everard, Colonel Reames, Sit*

Cliff.Clifton, Sir Phil.Musgrave: And that the said Committee be revived; and do fit on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And that the Members of this House, that serve for the several Counties of Corn- wall, Monmouth, Lancaster, and Rutland, to whom Letters were sent, touching the Money in Arrear, do attend the Committee, to give an Account thereof: And that the Committee be impowered to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And they are also to take an Account of the Monies in Arrear, charged upon Offices.

Ordered, That the Bill for Naturalization be fead the first Business Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill for the Poor of Hallifax be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill for making Rivers navigable ill the County of Cornwall be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Fill for the Felt-makers be read Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till To-morfoW Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbati, 30 Decembr. 16° Car. If15,

Prayers.

A Bill for Naturalizing of Dederick alias,

and others, was this Day read the First time. Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time on Tuesday next.

A Bill for repairing and maintaining the Highways in the Counties of Bedford, Bucks, Northampton, and Warwick, was this Day read the First time.

The Question being put. That the Bill be read a Se- cond time;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Committee to which the Matte# concerning the Highways was referred, do take Considera* tion of the Continuance of the Act for raising Six-pence in the Pound towards Amending of the Highways; and also do consider of the Non-observance of the late Act concerning Highways, in relation to Waggons; andhoW the Inconveniencies arising by Waggons may be remedied

and ef any other Expedients they shall find necessary for the better repairing and maintaining the Highways.

'The Question being put. That the Bill concerning I lallage be read;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Bill was read the First time.

The Question being put, That the Bill be read a Second time;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put, That the Bill for regulating I lallage be read a Second time on next,

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Eight of the Clock.

Lunce, 50 Decembris, i6° Car. IIdi.

Pray ers.

A Bill for making certain Rivers in the County of Cornwall navigable was this Day read the First

time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time on Friday next.

A Bill for enabling Sir Edward to fell

certain Lands in the County of Devon was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Edw. Seymour., Colonel Windham, Sir Robert Mr. Westpbaling, Colonel Ream, Mr. Hen. , Sir

John Ernley, Mr. Scudamore, Mr. Sprye, Mr.

Sir John Strode, Sir Edw. Mast, Sir Geo.

Colonel Edw. Phillips, Sir TibTompkins, Sir John

ton, Mr. John Wynn, Colonel Trelawney, Sir John Covert, Mr. Holy, Colonel Robert Phillips, Sir Rich. Oat-ley, Mr. Hardres, Sir Allan Broderick, Sir Allan Apjley,

Colonel Popham, Lord Cornbury, Mr. Mr. Giles

Hungerford, Mr. Duckett, Sir Adrian Scroope, Mr. Hyde, Sir John Covert, Mr. Boynton, Sir Anth. Irby; and all the Members of this House that serve for the several Counties of Wilts and Devon: And they are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber, at Two of the Clock this Afternoon: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for die better Government of the Company of Painter-Stainers, London, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time on Wednesday next.

A Bill for settling certain Lands and Tenements upon Dame Susan Davye, and ... Heirs, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Sir Tho. Lee, Sir John Ernley, Mr. Whorwood, Mr. fbaling. Sir Rich. Brabam, Sir Robert Atkyns, Mr. ton. Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Tho. Gower, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Morice, Sir Edw. Hungerford, Mr. Daniell, Sir John Holland, Lord Richardson, Colonel Reames, Sir Tho. Clifford, Sir Tho. Wendy, Sir Rich. Oatley, Sir by, Mr. Seymour, Sir Wm. Tirringham, Mr. Streete, Sir Tho. Allen, Mr. Giles Hungerford, Mr. Sir Wm.

Doyley, Sir Edw. Masters, Mr. Hardres, Sir John Morton, S\rWm. Gawdy, Sir Fra. Clerke, Sir Roger Brad-

Jhaigh, Mr. Walgrave, Colonel Phillips, Mr. Hyde, Mr. Wren, Sir Tho.Littleton, Mr. Thomas, Colonel ney, Sir Rich. Powle, Sir Tho. Higgons, and all the Members of this House that serve for the County of Norffolke: And they are to meet at Two of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for erecting a Church, and making Part of the Bailiwick of St. James in the Fields parochial, was read die Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Treasurer, Mr. Sollicitor-General, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Lau. Hyde, Sir Allan Apjley, Mr. Colonel Reames,

Sir Rich.Brabam, Mr. Crouch, Sir Allan Broderick, Sir

Wm. Gawdy, Sir Hen. North, Colonel Edm. Windham, Sir Tho. Clifford, Mr. Jones, Mr. John Ashburnham, Mr. Vice-Chamberlain, Sir Tho. Strickland, Colonel Fra. Windham, Mr. Howe, Lord Herbert, Mr. Walgrave, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir John Coriton, Sir Edm. Peirfe, Sir Edw. Hungerford, Sir Wm. Thompson, Sir Edw. Masters, Sir Tho. Bludworth, Sir John Holland, Mr. Whorwood, Sir John-Dun combe, Mr. Chichley, Mr. Morice, Mr. Newport, Earl of Orrory, Sir Robert hong. Sir John Lord Cornbury, Sir Ralph Bancks, Sir Wm. Sir Cot-

ter ell, Mr. Trevor, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. John Jones, Sir John Birkinhead, Mr. Wren, Dr. Burwell, Sir Phil. Warwick, Mr. Hardres, Sir Phil. Mr.

Mr. Kendall, Mr. Yorke: And they are to meet at Two

of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to take into Consideration the Petition of Mr. Dean Hardy, and the Churchwardens of the Parish of St. Martin's in the Fields; and to summon and hear all Parties concerned: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Committee to which the Matter concerning the Highways was referred, do, in particular, take into Consideration the repairing and maintaining the Highways from London to West-Chester; and such Expedients as shall be offered for that Purpose: And that Sir Courtney Poole and Sir Nicolas Carew be added to the Committee.

A Bill on the Behalf of the Feltmakers of London was this Day read.

A Bill for taking away of Damage Cleere was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Seymour, Mr. Sollicitor-General, Sir Lane. Lake, Colonel Reames, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sit Tho. Allen, Sir Allan Apf-ley, Mr. Yorke, Sir Robert Atkyns, Sir Edw. Masters, Sir Wm. Doyley, Mr. John Vaughan, Sir Geo. Ryve, Colonel Robinson, Sir John Birkenhead, Mr. Wm.

Mr. Jones, Sir Tho. Bludworth, Sir Rich. Colonel

Windham, Mr. Geo. Mountague, Sir Tho. Clifford, Sir Tho. Dyke, Mr. Pryn, Sir WPortman, Mr. Hungerford, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Westpbaling, Mr. Yorke: And they are to meet on Friday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber , and to summon and hear the Prothonotaries, and other Persons concerned: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for Improvement of Part of the Common called the Outwood, within the Manor of Wakefeild in the County of Yorke, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time on Thursday next.

A Bill for confirming and inlarging Letters Patents, granted by his Majesty King Charles the First to the Corporation of Hallifax, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time on Wednesday next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Martis, 6° Decembris, 16° Car. IIdi‘

yArnes Taudin and Henry Wit ham did, this Day, take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, before Mr. Speaker, at the Clerk's Table, in order to their Naturalization.

Prayers.

A Bill for Naturalization of Dederic alias Richard Comes, and others, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved,

'by

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be comhiitted to Sir Fra. Goodrich, Sir Coriton Sir Tho. Allen, Sir S0/0.

Swale, Sr Wm. Gawdy, Mr. Wefphaling, Sir John Good-rick, Sir Rich. Ford, Mr Torke, Colonel Ed. Windham, Sir

Cliff.'. Clifton, Colonel Reames, Sir John Trot, Mr. Morice, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir John Morton, Sir Tho. Clifford, Mr.

Rigby, Sir Rich. Oat ley. Sir Sir Hum. Ben-

iiet, Colonel Fra. Windham, Sir Tho. Tompkins, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Hen. Newton, Sir Wm. Doyley, Sir Fleetwood, Mr. Milward, Mr. J Seymour, Mr. Hunger-ford, Mr. Henley, Mr. Pawlett, Mr. Whittacre', Sir Rich.

Everard, Colonel John Robinson, Sir Sir

Norton, Colonel Edw. Phillips, Mr. Sir Wm.

Portman, Mr. Hugh Bofcawen, Sir John Low, Mr. Taylor, Colonel Tho. Robinson: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Bill for regulating the Duty of Hall-age be read Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Vaughan reports, from the Committee to which it was referred to take into Consideration the Rates of the Four hundred thousand Pounds Subsidy, the several Ship-Rates, That of the T welve hundred Sixty thousand Pounds, and That of the Four last Subsidies, and what other Rates they thought fit , and to report them to the House, with the Proportions of them upon the several Counties; That the Committee had proceeded to take an Account of the several Rates of the Four hundred thousand Pounds Subsidy, the Ship-Rate, the Twelve hundred Sixty thousand Pounds Tax, and the Rate by Subsidy, according to the Direction of the Order; and had returned in an Estimate, in Writing, as perfefb as they could collect in so short a'Time: And delivered in the several Papers, agreed by the Committee, at the Clerk's Table.

Resolved, See. That it be re-committed to the former Committee, to make an Abstract and Estimate of the Rates of the Four hundred thousand Pounds Subsidy, the several Ship-Rates, That of the Twelve hundred Sixty thousand Pounds, and That of the Four last Subsidies, returned in from the Committee: And the Committee are revived j and to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Exchequer-Chamber. And it is recom-' mended to Mr. John Vaughan, and Sir Knight, to expedite the Business.

Ordered, That it be referred to Mr. Sir

John Goodrich, Mr. Garway, Mr. Vaughan, Serjeant Charlton, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Steward, Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. Wm. Sandys, Mr. Pryn, Sir Robert Holt, Sir Fra. Good-

rich, Serjeant Maynard, Mr. Torke, Mr. Wm. Moun-tague, Mr. Thurland, Sir John BiSir Tho. Gower,

or any Three of them, to consider the several Grievances in the Courts of Justice; and to bring in a Bill or Bills for regulating Abuses and Delays in the Execution of Justice, and for limiting the Exorbitancy of Fees.

Ordered, That it be referred to Mr. Rigby, Sir Fra. Goodrick, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Tho. Allen, and all the Gentlemen of this House that are of the Long Robe, or any Three of them, to take into Consideration the Act concerning the Poor in the County Palatine of Lancaflef, or any other temporary Acts; and to bring in Bills for Continuance of such as they shall find necessary.

A Bill to enable Thomas Hunston to fell Lands was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, 8cc. That the said Bill be read the Second time on Thursday next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mercurii, 70 Deccmbris, 16 Car. Iiai.

Amuel Aniounet did, this Day, take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, before Mr. Speaker, at the Clerk's Table, in order to his Naturalization.

Prayers.

A Bill for the better regulating the Corporation of Painter-Stainers was read the Second time.

The Question being pur, That the Bill be committed;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Sir Robert Howard, fTellers for the Yeas:7

Mr. Milward, \ With the Yeas, j *2*

Sir Sol. Swale, f Tellers for the Noes: 7 ,

Colonel Robinson,{ With the Noes, J

And io it passed in the Negative.

The Question being put. That the Bill be ingrossed;

It passed in the Negative.

A Bill for regulating the Duty of Hallage was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Mr. John Vaughan, Sir John Knight, Sir Sir Charlton, Mr. Edw. Seymour, Sir John Goodrick, Sir Cliff. Clifton, Mr. Sollicitor-General, Sir James Smith, Sir Robert Atkyns, Sir Tho. Higgons, Mr. Sir Geo.

Ryve, Mr. Mountague, Sir John Holland, Mr. Dowdfwell, Sir Tho. Gower, Colonel Edm. Windham, Mr. Pryn, Sir John Birkinbead, Sir Robert Howard, Mr. Whorwood, Serjeant Maynard, Mr. Street, Sir Allan Apjley, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Hum. Winch, Sir John Robinson, Sir John ley. Sir John Frederick, Mr. Henley, Sir Wm.

Sir Rich. Ford, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir John Coriton, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Oat ley, Mr. Co-

ventry, Sir John Talbot, Mr. Jolly, Sir Hen. North, Mr.

Prideaux, Colonel Fra. Windham, Sir Solo. Swale, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Chowne, Sir Edw. Maffey, Lord Orrory, Mr. Hen. Seymour, Sir Tho. Tompkins, Mr. Hyde, Mr. , Sir Theo. Biddolph, Mr. George, Mr. Jones, Sir Rich. Browne, Mr. Dalton, Sir Courtney Poole, Sir Tho. Allen: And all the Members that shall come are to have Voices: And they are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, on Saturday next: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And to take care, that the Broad Cloths of the County of Wilts be included in the Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Steward be added to the Committee to which the Bill touching Marsh-Lands is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Jovis, 8° DecembrtSj 16° Car. IIdi'

Prayers.

A Bill for settling the Commonable Grounds of Ep-worth and Gringley was read the First time.

Resolved, Sec. That the said Bill be read the Second time on Monday next.

Ordered, That the Bill for making navigable the River of Darwin, and other Rivers, in the Counties of , Nottingham, Warwick, Stafford, and ,be read

Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Serjeant Charlton reports, from the Committee to which the Matter was re-committed, to make an Abstract and Estimate of the Rates of the Four hundred thousand Pounds Subsidy, the several Ship-Rates, That of the Twelve hundred and Sixty thousand Pounds, and That of the Four last Subsidies, That the Committee had met, 7 F and

and agreed an Ah draft and Estimate of the said several Rates: Which he delivered in at the Clerk's Table, in Writing: Which was read.

Resolved, See. That the House be resolved into a Committee of the whole House: And that the Committee of the whole House do proceed in the Debate of the Abf-tract of the several Rates reported to the House, in the Order they are dated; having reference to the Votes of the House in relation to the Sum of Twenty-five hundred thousand Pounds, and the Time limited for the Railing thereof.

And the House did accordingly relblve into a Committee of the whole House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkyns took the Chair the Committee.

Mr. Speaker again took the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkyns reports, from the Committee of the

"whole House, That the Committee did desire, that the House would resolve into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, to proceed in the Consideration of the railing the Twenty-five hundred thousand Pounds, according to the Votes of the House.

Resolved, See. That the House be resolved into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, to proceed in the Consideration of the raising the Twenty-five hundred thousand Pounds, according to the Votes of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Vizneris, 90 Deceinbris> 16° Car. IIdi*

Prayers.

A Bill to enable Thomas Hunston to foil Lands, to pay Debts, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill be committed to Sir John Earnley, Sir Hen. Capell, Sir Courtney , Sir Anth, Irby, Sir John Covert, Sir Clifford, Sir Sol.

Swale, Lord Richardson, Sir Rich. Oalley. Sir John Morton, Sir Wm. Gawdy, Mr. M, Sir Mr.

Maynard, Mr. Westpbaling, Mr. , Sir Anth.

Sir Capell Luc kin, Mr. Cornwallis, Sir John Goodrich, Sir Robert Atkyns, Sir Tho. Tom, Sir Lane. , Sir

John Rowfe, Colonel Edm. Windham, Mr. Pryn, Colonel Reames, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Tho. , Sir John Shawe, Mr. Sandys. Sir Hen. Sir Tho.

Sir Clifford Clifton, and all the Members that serve for

Norfolk and Suffolk: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber; and to summon and hear all Parties concerned: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And to examine the Reality of the Debts to be satisfied upon Sale of the Lands; and to cause a Schedule of such Debts to be annexed to the Bill.

A Bill for regulating Abuses in the Law, and Courts of Justice, was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be read the Second time on Monday next.

And then the House resolved into a. Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the Consideration of the raising the Twenty-five hundred thousand Pounds Supply

for his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkyns took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker again took the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkyns reports, from the Committee of the whole House, That the Committee desired, that the House would again resolve into a Committee of the whole House Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock, to proceed in the Consideration of the raising the Twenty-five hundred thousand Pounds Supply for his Majesty. Resolved, &c. That the House will relblve itself intp a

Committee of the whole House Tomorrow Momingi Ten of the Clock, to proceed in the Consideration of the raising the Twenty-five hundred thousand Pounds Supply for his Majesty.

Ordered, That all Committees that were to fit this Afternoon be adjourned; and do fit Tomorrow in the Afternoon, Two of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morfi-ing, Eight of the Clock.

> . 1 > 1 1 — .....

Sabbati, 10° die Decembris, ib° Car. IP*.

ADryaem Beyer and Francis Beyer did, this Day, take -the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, in order tof their being naturalized.

Prayers.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Mr. Low, Mr.

Trelawny, Mr. William MontagueMr. Edw. , Sir

John Talbott, Sir Tho. Woodcocke, Sir Robert y

Mr. Milward, Sir Chichester Wray, Mr. Lau. Hide, Mr.

Bulteele, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, and all the Members of this House that serve for the several Counties of Devon and Comewall, be added to the Committee to which the Bill for settling the Matter of Difference between the Twp Towns of Great and Yarmouth was committed.

A Petition of several Persons, who have Letters Patents for felling Wine by Retale, was read.

Resolved, See. That the said Petition be committed to Sir John Coryton, Sir Robert Holt, Sir Doyley, Mr. Morrici, Sir Anth. Irby, Colonel Trelawny, Lord Fanshaw, Sir Robert Atkins, Mr. Sir Wm. Low-

ther, Sir Tho. Tompkins, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Milward, Sir John Knight, Mr. Bulteele, Sir John Norton, Mr. Edw. Seymour, Mr. Crouch, Sir George Probert, Colonel John Robinson, Mr. Street, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Allan Sir

Lane. Lake, Sir Rich. Braham, Mr. Coventry, Sir Cha.

Harbord, Sir John Earnley, Mr. Thurland, Mr. Hide,

Sir Court. Poole, Dr. Burrell, or any Five of them, to take the Petition into Consideration; and to hear such Propofols and Expedients as shall be offered for Relief and Satisfaction of the Petitioners; and for settling a Revenue of equal Value, in lieu thereof, in his Royal Highness the Duke of Yorke; and report the Matter to the House: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for making the River Darwyn, and other Rivers, in the County of Derby, Nottingham, Warwick, Stafford, and Leicester, navigable, was read the First time.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read the Second time on Tuesday next.

A Bill for making certain Rivers in the County of Comewall navigable was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Sir John Corryton. Colonel Kirkby, Mr. Rigby, Sir bott, Mr. Arundell, Mr. Sandys, Sir Chichester Wray, Sir Edw. Masters, Sir Tho. Clifford, Sir John Knight, Colonel Robinson, Sir John Earnley, Mr. Westphaling, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Churchill, Sir Rich. Oateley, Sir Edm.

Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Sir Thomas Allan, and all the Members of this House that serve for Cornwall and Devort-shire: And they are to meet on Tuesday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And then the House resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the Consideration of the Raising of the Twenty-five hundred thousand Pounds Supply for his Majesty.

Mr.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins took the Chair.

Mr. Speaker again took the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins reports, from the Codimittee; That the Committee had made fotne further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and desired, that he might have Leave to report the Proceedings of the Committee to the House on Monday Morning next.

Resolved, &c. That Sir Robert Atkins do make his Report of the Proceedings of the Committee of the whole House, appointed to consider of the Manner of raising the Supply for his Majesty, on Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That all Committees that were to fit this Afternoon be adjourned; and do fit on Monday next, at Two of the Clock, in the Places formerly appointed.

Luncey 12° Decembris, 16* . Ild*.

Prayers.

A Bill for the Settling of certain marlh and oiify Grounds, iying in the County of , was

read the First: time.

Resolved,&c. That the said Bill be read the Second time on Friday next.

A Bill for settling the Commonable Grounds in the Manors of Epworth and Gringley was this Day read the

Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Lord Cajlleton, Sir Geo. Cart right. Sir Hump. Winch, Sir Hickman, Sir Robert Atkins, Mr. Seymour, Sir Jo. Ho-tbam, Sir Winjion Churchill, Colonel Kirkby, Mr. Torke, Colonel Legg, Sir Fra. Goodrick, Sir John Goodrich, Sir Anih. Irby, Sir Cha. Harbord, Mr. Strickland, Sit John Talbott, Sir Hen. North, Sir Jo. Sir

Mr. tiarbord. Sir John Holland, Mr. Pryn, Sir The. Metres, Mr. Treasurer, Mr. Progers, Sir Mr. j Solid, Sir John Robinson, Sir Solo. Swale, Sir Clifford Clifton, Sir Edw. Hunger ford, Mr. 7, Sir Ralph

Bancks, Sir Wm. Doyley, and all the Members of this

House that serve for the several Counties of Torke, Lin-tolne, and Nottingham: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of die Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer-Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for preventing Abuses and Delays in the Law, and Courts of Justice, was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pryn, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Job Charleton, Sir Robert Atkins, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Torke-, Sir Wm. Mr. Pe-

pys. Sir John Knight , Sir Tho. , Mr. Trelawny, Mr.

Hardres, Sir John Birkenhead, Mr. Attorney of the Duchy, Mr. Dalmahoy, Sir Hen. North, Mr. Cory, Mr.

Morrice, Sir Robert Holt, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Solo. Swale, Dr. Burwell, Mr. Giles Hunger ford. Sir John Mr. Steward, Sir Rich. Braham, Mr« Mr.

Hampden, Sir Wm. Moreton, Colonel Reames, Mr. Dennis, Mr. Newport, Six Antb. Irby, Mr*

Milward, Lord Gorge, Sir Gervas Mr.

Colonel Phillips, Sir Edw. Majiers, Sir Rich.

Mr. Hide, Mr. George, Mr. Phillips, Sir Lane. , Mr. Progers, Sir Clifford Clifton, Mr. Scawen, Mr. Swyn-fein. Sir Tho. Gower, Mr. Jay, and all the Members of this House that are of the Long Robe: And all the Members that shall come to the Committee, are to have Voices: And they are to meet, and fit in the House, Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon; and so de die in diem *, and to fever or rettify any of the Particulars in the Bill, and to contract the Bill into a shorter Room, if they can *, and to make the Bill suitable for the Counties Palatine of Lancaster and And to fend

for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Robert Atkins report?, from die Committee of the whole House, That the Committee had agreed several Votes, in relation to the Raising of the Five-and-iwerty hundred thousand Pounds Supply for his Majesty: Which he opened in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

And the Votes being read;

Resolved, &c. That a Committee be appointed, to extract and bring in a Medium out of the Four hundred thousand Pounds Royal Subsidy, the Ship-Rate in 163 and the Seventy thousand Pounds Tax per mertfem, for the setting the Proportions upon the several Counties, for raising the Twenty-five hundred thousand Pounds Supply for his Majesty.

And that it be referred to Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Job Charleton, Mr. Pryn, Sir Edm. Pooley, Colonel Birch, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Wm.Doyley, Sir Clifford, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Fra. Goodrick, Sir Anih. Irby, Mr. Street, Mr. Jones, Sir John Holland, Mr. Milward, Mr. Clerke, Sir John Talbott, Sir Philip Warwick, Mr. Seymour, Sir John Knight, Sir Wm. Lowther', Mr. Waller, Lord Herbert, Mr. Bofcawen, Colonel Robinson, Sir Walter St. John, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Garraway, Sir Rich.; or any Seven of them: And they are to meet in the House at Two of the Clock this Afternoon: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And that an Abstract of the Ship-Rate for the several Counties of Wales be brought in to the Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do_issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Election of a Knight of the Shire for the County of Uncolne, In the room of Sir Charles deceased.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Marits, i 30 Deceinbris, 16° Car. 11"".

Prayers.

A Bill for making the River Avon navigable; from New-S'arum to Christ-Church, was read the First:

time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Torke reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for enabling Sir Edward Hungerford to fell certain Lands in the County of Devon was committed, That the Committee had carefully perused the Bill; and made some Amendments thereto: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place ;> and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: And the same being twice read j and, upon the Question, severally agreed to;

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingossed.

Mr. Steward reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for settling the Estate of Sir Jacob Aftley was committed, That the Committee had carefully perused the Bill; and summoned and heard all Parties concerned; and had proceeded to make some Amendments to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence; in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

And the Amendments being twice read; and, upon the Question; severally agreed to;

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingossed.

A Bill for making navigable the River Darwyn, and other Rivers,.within the Counties of Derby, Leicester, Stafford, Nottingham, and Warwick, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Milward, Sir John Goodrick, Sir Tho. Gower, Lord Corn-

bury.

bury, Mr. Lau. Hyde, Sir Ed. Hyde, Lord Richardson, Lord Herbert, Say John Talbot, Sir Hen. Newton, Sir Holt, Sir Solo.Swale, Sir Robert Mr. Tor he. Colonel 5 Vrelawncy, Mr John Trelawney, Mr. Chetwyn, Sir

Doyley, Mr. IVm. Sandys, Mr. Mr. Swinfen,

Sir Wm. Hickman, Sir Cliff. Clifton, Sir Mr.

Attorney of the Duchy, Mr. Steward, and all the Members of this House that serve for the several Counties of Derby, Leicester, Stafford, Nottingham, and Warwick: And they are to meet on Thurs next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend Summons into the several Counties before-mentioned, that such Persons who are concerned may appear after Chrifirr.as , and be heard: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for making certain Rivers navigable from London to Brijloll was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Sir John Talbot, Mr. Sandys, Mr. geymour, Sir Robert Atkyns, Sir John Knight, Sir HenNewton, Mr. Jones, Mr. Scudamore, Mr. Trevor, Mr. Pleydall, Lord Cornbury, Mr. Dowdfwell, Mr. Attorney of the Duchy, Mr. Rigby, Colonel Sandys, Sir John Ernley, Mr. Sir

Wm. Tompson, Mr. John Jones, Mr. Pryn, Sir Tho. Gower, Sir Phil. Warwick, Sir John Birkinhead, Colonel Edm. Windham, Sir John Holland, Sir Solo. Swale, Sir

John Brampflon, Colonel KirkbySir John Goodrick, Sir

Nic.Steward, Sir Theo. Biddolph, Mr. Torke, Mr. Kendall, Sir Phil. Musgrave, Sir Edm. , Sir Ca-rew, Mr. Crouch, Sir Winflon Churchill, Mr. , Sir Cha. Harbord, Mr. Hyde, Mr, Sir Fra.

Goodrick, Sir Rich. Temple, Mr. Jolly, and all the Members of this House that serve for the several Counties through which the Rivers, intended to be made navigable, do run: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer-Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Another Bill, for making Rivers navigable from London to Brijloll, was also read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to the Tame Committee to which the former Bill was committed: And that the Members of this House that serve for the Counties of Bedford, Essex, and Cambridge, be added to the Committee: And the Committee are to peruse both Bills , and, out of them, to extract such a Bill as may be effuflual for doing the Work: And they are to return the Bill with a Blank for the Undertakers; who are to be agreed and settled by the House: And they are to limit a Time for effafting the Work, or else the Commissioners to appoint other Undertakers for the doing of it j and also to consider of a Power of felling the Interest of such as shall be Undertakers, and shall fail to pay their Share of the Charge and Contribution.

Ordered, That the Committee, appointed to extract and bring in a Medium of the Rates of Proportions to be set on the Counties, do make their Report Tomorrow at Ten of the Clock.

f '

A Bill so'r regulating the Fees of Courts, Civil and Ecclesiastical, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for the better Setting out and Recovery of Tythes was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time

on Thursday next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mercurii, 14 0 die Decembris^ib° Car. 11*1.

Prayers.

A Bill for Relief of the Creditors of the (governor* Assistant, and Fellowship, of the Merchant-Ad* venturers of England, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the said BUI be read the Second time on Friday next.

A Bill for making the River of Avon navigable, from the City of New-Sarum to Christ-Church, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. 'That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Edw. Hide, Sir Edm. Pooley, Sir Allan Apjley, Sir John Low, Sir Hen. Worjley, Mr. Giles Sir

Capell, Sir Philip Warwick, Sir IVm. Hayward, Mr. Torke, Sir Jo. Holland, Mr. Sollicitor-General, Sir Jo. Moreton, Sir Fra.Goodrick, Sir Jo. Birkenhead, Sir Hen.

North, Mr. Daniell, Mr. CoSir Cyril Wych, Sir Wialt. St. John, Sir Solo. Swale, Sir Tho. Allan, Sir Wm. Moreton, Serjeant Seys, Sir AntIrby, Mr. Fox, Sir Hen. Herbert, Sir Charles Cotterell, Lord Cornebttry, Mr. Laurence Hide, Mr. Wharton, Mr. Milward, Lord,

SvcWm. Lowther, Sir Rich.Oately, Sir Jo. Monson, Mr. Buller, Sir Tho. Mompeffon, Mr. Whorwood, Sir Allan Broderick, Mr. Bulteele, Mr. Weld, Mr. Dowdfwell, and all the Members of this House that serve for the Counties of Wilts and Southampton: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. And it is recommended to Mf. Edward Hide to take care of the Bill.

I*

A Bill to enable the Sale of certain Lands, for Payment of the Debts of Christopher Beresford Esquire, deceased, was read.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time on Friday next.

A Bill for removing some Inconveniencies, whereby many Persons do suffer in their Estates, was read.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time on Saturday next.

A Bill for Improvement of Part of the Common called the Outwood, within the Manor of Wakefeild in the County of Yorke, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be Committed to Sir Ger-vasClifton, Sir Clifford Clifton, Sir Fra. Goodrick, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Solo. Swale, Sir Roger , Sir Jo.

Birkenhead, Sir Winji. Churchill, Sir Edw.

Mf. Attorney of the Duchy, Mr. Bulteele, Colonel by, Sir Phil. Musgrave, Sir Tho. Sir

ford, Sir Jo. Goodrick, Sit Robert Atkins, S\v Tho. Tompkins, Sir Jord. Croflqnd, Sir, Wm. Moreton, Sir Jo. Moreton, Mr. Wejipbaling, Mr. Jay, and all the Members of this House that serve for the several Counties of York and Lancaster: And they are to meet on Friday next, at

Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber; and to summon and hear all Parties concerned: And fend for Persons, Papers, and Recbrds: And they are to take Consideration of the Lands heretofore intended to be set out for the Minister and the poor j and to make such Provision as they shall find just.

A Bill to prevent Delays in Executions was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Serjeant Maynard, Mr. Sollicitor-General, Sir Fra. Good* rick. Dr. Burwell, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Tho. Tompkins, Mr. Collins, Mr. York, Mr. Street, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Pepis, and all the Members erf" this House that are of the Long Robe: And they are to meet at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, on Friday next, in the Speaker's Chamber; and to fit de die in diem. And it is recommended to Mr. Serjeanc Maynard to take care of the Bill.

5 A Bill.

A Bill for Planting of Hemp and Flax was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time on Monday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock.

Sir Philip Warwick reports From the Committee appointed to extract and bring in a Medium, for setting the Proportions of Rates on the several Counties, That the Committee had perused and considered of the Four hundred thousand Pounds Subsidy, the Ship-Rate in 1639, and the Seventy thousand Pounds a Month Tax; and had, out of those Three, extracted a Medium of Rates, with the greatest Equality they could: Which being reduced into. Writing, he delivered it in at the Clerk's Table. And the same being read; and the Matter debated;

Resolved, &c. That, for the setting the Proportions on the several Counties, a Medium be taken out of the Three Rates of the Four hundred thousand Pounds Subsidy, the Ship-Rate in 1639, and the Seventy thousand Pounds a Month; taking Consideration of such Counties as shall appear to be over-rated.

Resolved, That the House will, in the next Place, proceed in the Consideration of what Counties shall be ealed: And that the same be taken into Debate Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock: And that the Proceedings therein shall be alphabetically, as to such Counties as shall complain.

Ordered, That Mr. Leightona Member of this House,

have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

JovtS) 15° Dccsmbris, 16° Car. IIdi.

Prayers.

iXRdered, That the Committee, to which the Bill concerning the Isle of Axholme was committed, be revived; and do fit this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Place formerly appointed: And that Colonel binfeny Lord Newburgh, Sir Allan Affley, and Mr. Wrn. Sandysy be added to the Committee.

Ordered, That the Committee, to which the Bill for taking away Damage Cleere was committed, be revived: And that Colonel Frelawny be added to the Committee: And that the Committee do fit Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Place formerly appointed.

Ordered, That Mr. Steward be added to the Committee to which the Bill for making Rivers navigable between London and Brijloll was committed.

A Bill for Relief of the Governor, Assistants, and Fellowship, of Merchant-Adventurers of England, was read.

The Question being put. That the Question for reading the Bill a Second time be put;

The House was divided.

The Noes went out.

Sir Rich. Ford, f Tellers for the Noes: 7 Sir Tho. Littleton, \ With the Noes, . J Sir Tho. Clifford, S'Tellers for the Yeas:- Mr. Seymor, \ With the Yeas,

The main Question being put. That the Bill for Relief of the Company of Merchant-Adventurers be read a Second time;

86.

88.

The House was divided. The Yeas went out.

Sir 'The.Clifford,

Mr. Seymour,

Sir Rich. Ford,

Sir Tho. Littleton,

Tellers for the Noes: 7 With the Nofs, J119* Tellers for the Yeas: 7 With the Yeas, J '*

And so it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Committee to which the Bill for regulating Hallage was committed, be revived; and do

fit this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Place formerly appointed.

The House then resumed the further Debate touching the railing the Twenty-five hundred thousand Pounds Supply for his Majesty.

Resolved, See. That the Sum of Forty thousand Pounds shall be applied towards the Relief of such Counties as are over-rated by the Medium.

The Question being put. Whether the County of shall have any Part of the Forty thousand Pounds;

It palfed in the Negative.

The Question being put, Whether the County of Bedford shall have any Part of the Forty thousand Pounds Relief;

It palfed in the Negative.

The Question being put. That the City of Brijloll have a Part of the Forty thousand Pounds;

It palfed in the Negative.

The Question being put. That the County of Bucks shall have any Part of the Forty thousand Pounds;

It palfed in the Negative.

The Question being put, That die County of Cambridge, and Isle of Ely, shall have any Part of the Forty thousand Pounds;

It palfed in the Negative.

The Question being put. Whether Cheshire, and the City of Chester, shall have any Part of the f orty thousand Pounds;

It palfed in the Negative.

The Question being put, That the County of Corne-wall shall have Part of the Forty thousand Pounds Relief for the Counties over-rated;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put. That the Counties of Cumberland and Westtnorland shall have Part of the Forty

thousand Pounds;

It palfed in the Negative.

The Question being put. That the County of Derby shall have any Part of the Forty thousand Pounds;

It palfed in the Negative.

The Question being put. That the County of , and City of Exeter, shall have Part of the Forty thousand Pounds;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put. Whether the County of Du-refnte shall have any Part of the Forty thousand Pounds;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out. Sir Fra. Goodrich, Dr. Burwell,

Sir Tho. Higgons, Colonel Williams,

124.

84.

Tellers for the Yeas: 7 With the Yeas, 3 Tellers for the Noes: 7 With the Noes, 3 And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question befog put. That the County of Dorsett and Poole shall have Part of the Forty thousand Pounds;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put, That the County of Essex shall have any Part of the Forty thousand Pounds;

It palfed in the Negative.

The Question being put. That the County and City of Gloucester shall have any Part of the Forty thousand Pounds;

It palfed in the Negative.

The Question being put. That the County of Southampton, Town of Southampton, and Isle of Wight, shall have any Part of the Forty thousand Pounds;

It palfed in the Negative.

The Question befog put. That the County of Huntington shall have any Part of the Forty thousand Pounds;

It palfed in the Negative.

The Question being put. That the County of Hartford shall have any Part of the Forty thousand Pounds;

It palfed so the Negative.

The Question being put, That the County of Hereford shall have any Part of the Forty thousand Pounds;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

7 G The

Journals of the House of Commons. A. 1664.

Sir John Sir IVm. D

Sir Courtney Sir Fra. G,

7l-

105.

The Question being put. Whether the County of and City of Canterbury., shall have any Part of the Forty thousand Pounds;

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put. That the County of Lancaster shall have any Part of the Forty thousand Pounds;

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put. That the County of Leicester shall have any Part of the Forty thousand Pounds,

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put. That the County of,

with Lincolne City, shall have any Part of the Forty thousand Pounds;

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put. That the City of London shall have Part of the Forty thousand Pounds,

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put. That the City of and County of Middlesex, shall have any Part of the Forty thousand Pounds;

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put. That the County of mouth shall have any Part of the Forty thousand Pounds

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put. That the County of and City of Norwich, shall have any Part of the Forty thou fond Pounds;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

("Tellers for the Yeas X With the Yeas, f

("Tellers for the Noes :7 X With the Noes, j

And so it passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, That the County of Northumberland, and the Towns of Newcastle and Berwicke, shall have any Part of the Forty thousand Pounds;

It passed in the Negative.

The Qu-ftion being put. That the County of Northampton shall have any Part of the Forty thousand Pounds;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the several Counties in North Wales and South Wales be postponed.

The Question being put. That the County of Nottingham shall partake in the Forty thousand Pounds;

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put. That the County of Oxford shall have any Part of the Forty thousand Pounds;

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, That the County of Rutland shall have any Part of the Forty thousand Pounds;

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put. That the County of Salop shall have any Part of the Forty thousand Pounds;

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, That the County of Stafford shall have any Part of the Forty thousand Pounds;

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, That the County of Suffolke shall have any Part of the Forty thousand Pounds;

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put. That the County of Somersett shall have any Part of the Forty thousand Pounds;

It passed in the Negative.

Tiie Question being put. That the County of Surrey, and Borough of Southwarke, shall have any Part of the Forty thousand Pounds;

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, That the County of shall have any Part of the Forty thousand Pounds;

It palfed in the Negative.

The Question being put. That the County of and City of Coventry, shall have any Part of the Forty thousand Pounds;

It passed in the Negative.

Tae Question being put. That the County of Wilts shall have any Part of the Forty thousand Pounds;

Colonel Sandys, Mr. Street, Colonel Windham, Sir Jo. Knight,

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put. That the County of Wtir-cester shall have any Part of the Forty thousand Pounds;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

( Tellers for the Yeas: ? Q t With the Yeas, J 9*

I Tellers for the Noes: ? ,

I With the Noes, 1

A nd so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put. That the County of with Yorke City, and the Town of Hull, shall have any Part of the Forty thousand Pounds;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, &c. That it be referred to Mr. Sollicitor-General, forthwith to prepare and bring in a Bill for raising the Five-and-twenty hundred thousand Pounds.

Resolved, &c. That it be referred to the Committee, that brought in the Medium of Rates, to consider in what Proportion the Forty thousand Pounds shall be distributed to the Counties over-rated; Cornewall, , refme, Dorsett, Hereford, London, Monmouth, Wilts, and Worcester; and to report the same to the House: And that Mr. Sollicitor-General be added to the Committee: And the Committee is hereby revived: And to fit Tomorrow Morning at Eight of the Clock, in the Sneaker's Chamber: And to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That all Committees which were to fit this Afternoon, be revived; and do fit Tomorrow at Two of the Clock, in die Places formerly appointed.

Veiieris, 16° Decemhr. 16r Car. IIdi. Prayers.

A Bill for regulating the Art and Trade of Tobacco-Pipe-Making was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time on Monday next.

Sir Francis Goodrich reports, from the Committee to which the Bill to enable Francis Leigh Esquire to fell Lands, to pay his Debts, was committed. That the Committee had carefully perused the Bill , and heard all Parties concerned; and had made feme Amendments; and agreed feme Provifees to be added to the Bill; and had annexed to the Bill a Schedule of the Debts, to be satisfied by Sale of the Lands: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: And the Amendments, being twice read, were, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

A Bill for the due Setting-forth of Tythes was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Steward, Mr. Morice, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Anth. , Mr. Dowdfwell, Mr. Crouch, Sir John Brampfton, Sir Edw. Masters, Sir Robert Atkyns, Sir John Knight, Sir Wm. ‘ Doyley, Mr. Garway, Sir Tho. Gcwer, Sir Fra. Goodrick, Sir John Birkinhcad, Mr. Bullrr, Sir John Holland, Sir

John Goodrick, Sir Edw. WalpoolSir Cha. Harbord. Dr.

Burwell, Mr. Pryn, Sir Sol.Swale, Colonel Robinson, Sir Tho. Allen, Mr. Wm. Mountague, Sir Hen. North, Mr. Edw. Hyde, Mr. Pepis, Sir Hen. Wood, Sir Courtney Poole, Sir Edm. Peirfe, Lord Mr. Rigby: And

all the Members of this House that shall come to the Committee, are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And to provide for the better Collecting of Tythes from Quakers and Sectaries, so as their Estates may be subject to make Recompence: And also to provide for the better Collecting of the small Tythes.

A Bill

A Bill for enabling Edward Beresford Esquire to fell certain, Lands for they Payment of the Debts of pher Beresford was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Sir John Mounson, Sir Robert Alky ns, Mr.

Mr. Rigby, Sir Earn.Peirfe, Sir Iho. Sir Sol. Swale,

Sir John Ilotham, Mr. Crouch, Sir Brabant, Dr.

Rifhton, Mr. Morrice, Sir Era. Goodrich, Sir /Inth. Irby, Mr. Yorke, Lord Castlelon, Sir Mr. Jones,

Sir Yho. Meres, Colonel Edm.Sir IVm. Hickman, Sir Edw.Masters, Dr. Burwell, Sir Adrian Scroope,

and all the Members of this House that serve for the several Counties of Yorke, Lincolne, and Nottingham: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingossed Bill for enabling Sir Edward Hungerford, Knight of the Bath, to fell certain Manors and Lands lying in the County of Devon, Was read.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be. An Act for enabling Sir Edward Hunger-ford, Knight of the Bath, to fell certain Manors and Lands lying in the County of Devon.

to consider, In whatProportion the Forty thousand Pounds shall be distributed to the Counties over-rated, be revived j and do fit this Afternoon at Three of the Clock.

Sabbatf 170 Decembr. 16° Car. IIdl

Prayers.

fJRdered, That these Members following be added to the Committee, to which the Bill concerning salt Marshes was committed; viz.Lord Newburgh, Sir Norton Knatchbull, Sir Robert Brooke, Sir John Covert, Mr.

Hungerford, Mr. Era. Buller, Sir Robert Barnham, Sir Edm. Peirfe, Sir John Rouse, Sir Tho. Gower, Sir Hen. Herbert, Mr. John Buller.

Ordered, That the Committee, to which the Bill for making the River Darwyn, and other Rivers, navigable* was committed, do fit this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Place formerly appointed.

Ordered, That the Bill for Relief of the Creditors of the Merchant-Adventurers be read on Monday next, at Ten of the Clock.

An ingossed Bill, for Settling of several Manors, Lands, and Tenements, of Sir Jacob Aftley, lying in the Counties of Norfolk and Warwick, was read.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be. An Act for Settling of several Manors, Lands, and Tenements of Sir Jacob Ajlley, lying in the Counties of Norfolke and Warwick.

And Sir John Ernley is to carry up both the Bills to the Lords, for their Concurrence.

0

Ordered, That the Members of this House, that serve for the several Counties of North and South Wales, do meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Exchequer-Chamber; and do agree a Medium of the Rates to be afieffed on each County, if they can; and report the same to the House.

The House then resumed the Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, concerning the Raising of the Five-and-twenty hundred thousand Pounds Supply for his Majesty; and the Votes agreed by the Committee: Which being twice read;

Resolved, See. That this House doth agree with the Committee of the whole House, that all Lands and Estates shall be taxed in the Places, Townships, Parishes, and Counties, where they have been accustomed to be taxed.

Resolved, See. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that all Lands extraparochial, and other Lands not hitherto taxed, shall be taxed in this Act.

Resolved, See. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that no Certificate be allowed.

Sir Philip Musgrave reports. That the Members that serve for Cumberland and Westmorland had agreed to put a distinct Medium of a Rate on each County; which is as followeth; viz. I. s. d.

Cumberland, in the Month, — — 168 o o

Westmorland — - — — 116 o o

In all 284 o o

Which Medium was twice read *, and, upon the Que-ftion, agreed to.

Ordered, That the Members that, serve for the County of Gloucester, and the City and County of Gloucester, do

meet , and agree a distinct Medium for those Places, if they can , and report it to the House.

A Debate being. Whether the County of Middlesex, and the City of Westminster, shall be joined with the City of London, in the Payment of the Tax;

Resolved, See. That the further Debate of this Matter be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom it is referred

A Bill to regulate the Exorbitancy of Fees was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Pryn, Mr. Yorke, Sir Yho. Allen, Mr. George, Sir Cha. Harbord, Colonel Yrelawney, Mr. Crouch, Sir yer. Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Edw. Seymour, Mr. Henley, Mr. Bofcawen, Mr. Pepis, Lord Herbert, Mr. Street, Mr. Steward, Mr. Croke, Serjeant Maynard, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Yho. Gower, Sir Irby, Mr. John

Yrelawney, Sir Solo. Swale, Sir Churchill, Mr.

Hungerford, Dr. Burwell, Sir Edm. Peirfe, Sir Geo. top, Mr. Onslow, Sir CyrilWych, Serjeant Charlton, Mr. Rigby, and all the Members of this House that are of the Long Robe: And all Members that shall come, are to have Voices: And they are to meet cn Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And to take Consideration of the Fees of County and Hundred-Courts; and alsoof the Fees of the Two Compters in London and of the Courts belonging to the County Palatine of Lancaster: And also to take an Account, How the Charge of returning in the lait Subsidies came to be so great.

An ingossed Bill to enable Francis Leigh Esquire to fell Lands for Payment of Debts, and to make Provision for his Children, was read.

Resolved, Sec. That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be, An Act to enable Francis Leigh Esquire to fell Lands for Payment of Debts, and to make Provision for his Children.

A Bill for the better Settling of the Draining and Government of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, was read the First time.

The Question being put, That the Bill be read a Second time;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put, That this Bill be read a Second time on Monday next;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out. Lord Gorge,

Mr. Chichley,

Mr. Walden, - Mr. Pepis,

108.

82.

Tellers for the Yeas:

With the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes:

With the Noes,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, See. That the Debate of the Matter, Whether the County of Middlesex, and City of Westminster, shall be joined with the City of London, in the Payment of the Tax, be adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

4 A Bill

A Bill fof railing Two Millions Four hundred seventy-seven thousand Five hundred Pounds Supply for his Majesty was rea 1 the First time.

Refolded,&cc. That this Bill be read the Second time on Monday next.

Ordered, That Sir John Knight have the Leave of this

House to go home to Brijtoll.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Eight of the Clock.

A Petition being tendered, on Behalf of the Creditors of the Navy;

Ordered, That this Petition be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to the Committee to which the Bill for settling the Commonable Grounds of Epworth and Gringley is committed;

viz. Lord Newburgh, Sir Robert Mr.

Sir Wm. Smith, Lord Gorges, Sir Allan Broderick, Sir

Rich. Temple.

Luna, 190 Decembr. 16° Car. IIal.

Prayers.

f\Rdered, That the Committee to which the Bill fof making the River Darwyn, and other Rivers, navigable, was committed, be revived; and do fit this Afternoon at Two of the Clock: And that Sir Fulke Lucy, Sir Lancelot Lake, Sir Anth. Irby, Mr. Westphaling, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Fra. Clerke, Mr. Geo. and Sir

Gervas Clifton, be added to the Committee.

A Petition of several Persons which are in Prison for Debt, and not able to pay, was read.

Ordered, That the Committee to which the Bill for limiting and ascertaining the Fees of Officers was committed, be joined to the Committee to which the Bill for regulating the Law was committed: And that this Petition be referred to the said Committee: And Sir Lancelot Lake, Mr. Milward, Mr. Street, and Colonel Robinson, be added to the Committee: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And it is referred to them, or any Five of them, to prepare and bring in a Clause to be added to one of the former Bills:, or else a distinct Bill for Relief of such as are insolvent, and not able to pay their Debts; and to compel such as are solvent, and lie in Prison, to cozen their Creditors, to pay their just Debts: And the Committee is further impowered to examine and take an Account of such Fees as are demanded, and taken in the several Prisons.

Ordered, That Mr. Morice have Leave to bring in a Bill for better Observation of the Lords Day.

A Debate being concerning St. Martin*s le Grand, Whether it is chargeable to pay the Tax with the City of London, or the Liberty of We -,

Resolved, &c. That it be referred to Sir Robert Atkyns, Sir Phil. Warwick, Mr. Morice, Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir Rich. Browne, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Rich. Braham, Mr.

John Vaughan, Lord Fanshaw, Sir John Bennet, Mr. Seymour, Lord Gorges, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. John Jones, Sir Anth. Irby, Lord Richardson, Sir Tho. Clifford, Sir John Knight, Mr. Pepis, Sir John Birkinhead, Sir Tho. Bludworth, Mr. Milward, Mr. Torke, or any Three of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And to examine the Matter of Fact, How St. Martin's le Grand hath usually paid their Tax; and report the Matter to the House.

Ordered, That the Debate of the Matter, Whether the County of Middlesex, and City of Westminster, shall be joined with the City of London, in the Payment of the Tax, be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

A Bill for railing Two Million Four hundred seventy-seven thousand Five hundred Pounds Supply for his Majesty was read the Second time.

Resolved,&c. That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House: And that the House will resolve into a Committee of the whole House, To-mor* row Morning at Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 10° Decembr. i6° Car. Ha,‘

Prayers*

A Bill for the better Observation of the Lord's Day was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time the first Monday of the Meeting of the House after Christmas.

A Bill for Relief of the Creditors of the Company of Merchant-Adventurers of England was read the Second time.

92.

The Question being put. That the Bill be committed j The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

f Tellers for the Yeas \ With the Yeas, j f Tellers for the Noes: 7 I With the Noes, J l°7' And so it pasted in the Negative.

The Question being put, That the Bill be ingrafted; It pasted in the Negative.

Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Rich. Temple, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir John Knight,

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Election of a Knight for the County of Cumberland, in the Room of Sir Patricius Curwen, deceased.

Sir Thomas Littleton reports, from the Committee to whom it was referred to take an Account of the Money collected for the indigent loyal Officers, What was in Ar-rear, and By whose Default it was not paid in, That, upon Examination of the Matter, they found above Five thousand Pounds to be still resting in the Hand of Grills Esquire, Receiver for the County of Cornwall-, which he promised to pay in long since, but had failed: And that the Opinion of the Committee was. That he should, for his Abuse therein, be sent for in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms.

Ordered, That Mr. Grills, Receiver for the County of Cornwall, who hath, in his Hands, a great Sum of Money collected for the indigent loyal Officers, which he refuses to pay in, be sent for in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, or his Deputy; to answer his Misdemeanor and Abuse, in not paying in the Money to the Treasurer appointed for Receipt thereof.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir JuJlinian Lewen and Sir Moundeford Brampston,

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down Two Bills, the one intituled, An Act for Enabling of Trustees to fell Part of the Estate of Samuel Sandys the elder, Esquire, and of his Son Samuel Sandys, for the Payment of Debts} the other intituled, An Act for the Enabling of Thomas Juckes, of Treliddan in the County of Mount-gomery, Esquire, to fell Lands for the Payment of his Debts, and railing of younger Childrens Portions: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Sir Philip Warwick reports, from the Committee to whom it was referred to distribute the Forty thousand Pounds amongst the Nine Counties, That the Committee had agreed upon a Distribution: Which, being reduced

into

into Writing, he read in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: And it being again read, and debated,

Resolved, &c. That it be referred back to the Committee that brought in the Medium, to call up, arithmetically, how much of the Forty thousand Pounds shall be distributed to each of the Nine Counties, according to the Proportion they stand rated in the Medium.

Resolved, Sec. That the House be adjourned till day the Twelfth Day cf January next.

yovisy 12° die yanuari16° Car. Ildi.

J/7Illiam Samms did, this Day, take the Oaths of Alle-" giance and Supremacy, in order to his Naturalization.

Pr avers.

A Bill, sent from the Lords, for Enabling of Trustees to fell Part of the Estate of Samuel Sandys the elder, Esquire, and of his Son Samuel , for the Payment of Debts, was read the First time. '

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read the Second time on Saturday next.

And accordingly the House did resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed upon the Bill for Raising a Supply for his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins took the Chair.

Mr. Speaker again took the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins reports, from the said Committee, That the Committee had made some Progress in the said Bill; and, to the First Enacting Clause, had agreed to an Amendment; viz. to insert, Page 5th, -Line 9th, after the Word Majesty," and before the Word." within,'* these Words, " to be applied for the Righting of your Majesty, and your Majesty's Subjects, against

The Question being put. That the Words " to be applied" do stand in the Amendment

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, &c. That the Words " for the Righting of your Majesty, and your Majesty's Subjects against the Dutch, " do stand in the Amendment;

Resolved, That these Words, " for the Righting of your Majesty, and your Majesty's Subjects, against the' Dutch/ be inserted in Folio Five, Line Six, alter the Word " that," and before the Word " the."

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

A Bill, lent from the Lords, for Enabling of 'Thomas Juckes, of Treliddan in the County of , Esquire,

to fell Lands, for the Payment of his Debts, and Raising of younger Childrens Portions, was read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time on Saturday next.

Venerisy 13"' yan. 16' Car. 11!'.

Athew Sams did, this Day, take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, in order to his being naturalized.

Mr. Hunger/ord reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for the Naturalisation of Dederick alias Richard Comes, and others, was committed. That the Committee had carefully peruled the Certificates on the Behalf of the Persons therein named, and also the Act of Parliament; and, upon due Consideration of the whole Matter, had made some Amendments to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Which being twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to;

Resolved, &q. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrafted.

A Bill for the better Observation of the Lord's Day was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, Sec. That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Mcrrice, Mr. Seymour, Sir Lane. , Sir Solo.

Sir Edm. Peirce, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Allans Mr; Vaughan, Sir Job Charleton, Mr. Sir John Nor-

ton, Sir Edm. Bowyer+ Mr. Buller, Mr. Chetwynd, Sir Tho. Gower, Sir Rich. Oateley, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Jo: Goodricke, Sir Will. Lowther, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Meres, Sir Wm. Gawdy, Sir Jo. Sir Geo.

Mr Westphaling, Sir John Mon/on, Colonel Robin/on, Sir Tho. Tompkins, Dr. Burwell, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Crouch, Sir Hen. North, Colonel Williams, Mr. Jones, Sir Cha. Har-bord, Mr. Pepis, Mr. Jay, Major-General Langharne: And all the Members that come, are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: > And to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Carr be added to the Committee to which the Bill for settling the Commonable-Grounds of Epworth and Gringley is committed.

Ordered, That all Committees, which are discontinued, be revived -, and do lit this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the several Places of their last Sitting.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to distribute the Forty thousand Pounds amongst the Nine Counties, do bring in their Report Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, Sec. That the House do resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed upon the Bill for Railing a Supply for his Majesty.

Prayers.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Ratcliff, and Mr. Crouch, be added to the Committee to which the Bill concerning salt Marshes was committed.

A Bill for satisfying a just Debt due by Henry Ncvill Esquire to Colonel Richard Kirkby was read the First time.

Resolved, Sec. That this Bill be read the Second time on Monday next.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of St. Martin's le Grand was read.

The Question being put. That this Petition be referred to the same Committee to which the Matter touching St. Martin's le Grand was formerly committed;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Sir John Frederick, C Tellers for the Noes: 7

Mr. Jones, \ With the Noes, / 55-

Sir Lane. Lake, JTellers for the Yeas: 7

Mr. Morice, \ With the Yeas, J ^4*

And so it passed in the Negative.

Sir Philip Warwick reports, from the Committee to whom it was referred to call up, arithmetically, how much of the Forty thousand Pounds should be distributed to each of the Nine Counties, according to the Proportions they stand rated in the Medium, That the Committee had met, and agreed upon a Report, according to the Direction of the Order: W hich he delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

And the same being read; and a Debate had thereupon; and, upon the former Report, returned in from the Committee;

The Question being put. That the House do proceed upon the First Report that came in from the Committee, before the last Adjournment;

The House was divided.

The Noes went out.

Colonel Tre

Mr. Fowell,

Sir Jo. Talbott.

Colonel Strangwaies,

And ‘

f Tellers for the Yeas: 7 \ With the Yeas, y f Tellers for the Noes:

( With the Noes, so it was resolved in the Affirmative. 7 H

79-

69.

The

The Question being put. That the further Debate of this Matter be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock;

The House was divided.

The Noes went out.

Mr. Seymour, f Tellers for the Noes: 7

Sir The. Clifford,\ With the Noes, 3

Colonel Strangway es, f Tellers for the Yeas: 7 ,

Sir Winston Churchill, \ With the Yeas, 3 And lb it passed in the Negative.

And the House did then resume the Debate of the Matter, upon the Report.

The Question being put;. To agree with the Committee, in reference to the County of taking of

Fifty Pounds of the Ease allowed to Devon., by the Report; and adding it for the Ease of , being One

hundred Ninety-eight Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Twopence;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put. That the remaining Sum of Five hundred Fifteen Pounds per menfem be abated to the County of Devon, out of the Forty thousand Pounds; The House was divided.

The Noes went out.

Sir Tho. Clifford, C Tellers for the Yeas: 7 9

Sir Tho. Higgon, \ With the Yeas, 4S‘

Sir Tho. Allan, f'Tellers for the Noes:7

Mr. Progers, \ With the Noes, 3 4I*

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put, That the Sum of Fifty Pounds be abated to the County of out of the Forty

thousand Pounds;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question bang put. That the Sum of Twenty-five Pounds be abated to the County of out of

the Forty thousand Pounds;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put. That the Sum of Forty-three Pounds Seventeen Shillings and One Peny be abated to the County of Hereford, out of the Forty thousand Pounds; It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put, That the Sum of One hundred Pounds be abated to the City of London out of the Forty thousand Pounds;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put, That the Sum of One hundred Thirty-five Pounds be abated to the County of Wilts, out of the Forty thousand Pounds;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put. That the Sum of Twenty-three Pounds Nine Shillings and Nine-pence be abated to the County of Monmouth, out of the Forty thousand Pounds j

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put. That the Sum of Twenty Pounds be abated to the County of out of the

Forty thousand Pounds;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for Improvement of Part of the Common, called the within the

Manor of Wakefeild in the County of is committed *,

viz. Sir Rich. Francklyn, Mr, Garraway, Mr. Colonel Whitley, Sir Edw. Mofel Sir Foulke , Mr.

Musgrave, Mr. Morrice.

Ordered, That all Committees, which are to fit this Afternoon, be adjourned till Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon -, and do then fit in the several Places of their last Meeting.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning at Eight of the Clock.

Sabbati, 14 0 Januarii, 16° Car. IF'.

Prayers.

1LT Art ha Wilford did, this Day, take the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, in order to her being naturalized.

And the Certificate, on her Behalf, being read; Ordered, That the Name of Mrs. Martha Wilford be inserted into the Bill of Naturalization.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Atkyns have Leave to tender an additional Bill for the better Relief of the Poor.

Which Bill being tendered \

And the Question being put, That the said Bill be read;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the additional Bill for Relief of the Poor was read the First time.

The Question being put. That this Bill be read the Second time;

It was resolved in the Affirmative,

Resolved, &c. That it be referred to Mr. Waller, Sir Tho. Higgons, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir John T Sir Robert Atkyns, Sir John Coriton, Sir Rich. Braham, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Pryn, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Wm. , Mr. Mil-

ward, Mr. Jones, Sir Tho. Allen, Mr. Hungerford, or any Three of them, to inspect the former Laws, touching Wood, Coals, and other Fuelling; and to prepare and bring in a Bill to regulate the Assize of Wood; and to prevent Abuses in the Buying and Selling of Wood, Coals, and other Fuelling.

A Petition of several Merchants, Tradesmen, Artificers, Victuallers, and others, was read.

Resolved, &c. That the said Petition be committed to Lord Richardson, Sir John Coriton, Sir John Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir ChurchiU,

Sir Rich. Oateley, Mr. John Jones, Colonel Tho. Robinson, Mr; Pryn, Sir Tho. Tompkins, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. King, Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Milward, Sir Nic. Carew, Sir Tho. Clifford, Mr. Mr. John.

Vaughan, Mr. Wm. Coventry, Lord Mr. Scawen,

Mr. Secretary Bennet, Sir Rich. Ford, Mr. Garway, Sir John Brampston, Sir Tho. Gower, Colonel Sandys, Mr. Pe-pis, Mr. Tayler, Sir Solo. Swale, Colonel Leg, Sir Tho. Strickland, Sir Rich. Temple, Sir Wm. Tompson, Sir Geo. Reeve, Sir John Goodrick, Sir Herbert, Mr. Morrice, Sir Herbert Price, Mr. Wefiphaling, Sir Fra. Goodrick, Sir. Wm. Killigrew, Sir Fra. Clarke, Sir pdm. Peirfe, Mr. John Trelawney: And they are to meet at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, on Monday next, in the Inner Court of Wards: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And they are to examine the Matter of the Petition, and the Nature of the Debt; and whether it were a Debt adjudged to be satisfied within rite Time limited by Act of Parliament: And report the fame, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

The House then resumed the Debate upon the Bill for raising a Supply for his Majesty.

And several Votes and Orders of the House being read; And a Debate being. Whether the City of London should be further eased in their Assessment, above the Proportion allowed them of the Forty thousand Pounds The Question being put. That the City of London shall be further relieved -,

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Sir John Frederick, C Tellers for the Yeas: 1 f

Sir Wm. Tompson, X With the Yeas, J'

Sir Lane. Lake, j Tellers for the Noes: 1 0 Sir Tho. Allen, \ With the Noes, S *7*

And so it passed in the Negative.

Lurtce,

Luna, 16° Januarit, 16° Car. IP.

Prayers.

I~\Rdered, That Sir Charles H and Mr. Pryn be added to the Committee to which the Bill for make-ing navigable certain Rivers in the County of Cornwall was committed.

An ingossed Bill, sent from the Lords, to enable Trustees to fell Part of the Estate of Samuel the

elder, Esquire, and of his Son Samuel for the

Payment of Debts, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Third time on Wednesday next.

An ingossed Bill, lent From the Lords, for Enabling of Thomas Juckes, of Treliddan in the County of Montgomery, Esquire, to fell Lands, for the Payment of Debts, and Raising of younger Childrens Portions, was read the Second time.

Resolved,&c. That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Mil-ward, Sir Hen.Herbert, Lord Vaughan, Mr. Pryn,

Mr. Jones, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Robert Atkyns, Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Chetwyn, Sir Rich. Oat ley, Mr. Wynn, Mr.

Westphaling, Mr. Hunger ford, Mr. Mount ague. Sir Wm. Lowther. Colonel Sandys, Sir Geffrey Shakerley, Mr. Buller, Sir Tho. Tomkins, Sir Solo. Swale, Mr. Oakley, Colonel Whitley, Sir Anth. Irby, Colonel Kirkby, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Salop, Montgomery, and Cardigan: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to consider the Value of the Waste that may be committed, and the Detriment that may be done by charging the Lands, which are desired to be ibid, with Annuities; and also to examine the Value of the Lands; and what Debts are to be satisfied upon the Sale thereof; and to annex a Schedule of the Debts to the Bill: And to summon and hear all Parties concerned; And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Bill for regulating the Trade of Tobacco-pipe-making be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill for Satisfaction of a just Debt, due to Colonel Richard Kirkby, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill for Levying of Penalties incurred by Vintners, and other Retalers of Wine, and other Liquors, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Committee to which the Bill for Erecting of a Church, and making Part of the Bailiwick of St. James parochial ... be revived; and do fit this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And that these Members following be added to the Committee , viz. Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Tho. Clifford, Mr. pbaling, Sir Solo. Swale, Sir John Birkinhead, Sir Rich.

Oalley, Mr. Hungerford, Sir Fra. Goodrich, Sir North, Dr. Burwell, Sir John Holland, Sir John Brampflon, Sir

jfohn Goodrick, Sir Tho. Gower, Mr. Waller, Mr. Ford, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Scawen, Mr. Glascock, Colonel

Kirkby, Mr. MSlward, Mr. CMr. Rigby, Mr. Harvey, Sir Winston Churchill, Mr. Cornwallis, Sir

Pooley, Sir Geo. Reeve.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to the Committee to which the Bill for making Rivers navigable in the County of Cornwall is committed; viz. Sir Wm. Fleetwood, Sir Tho. Allen, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Graham, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Evelyn, Sir John Nappier.

The House resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed upon the Bill for raising a Supply for his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkyns took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker again took the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkyns reports, That the Committee had made a good Progress in the Bill; and moved. That the House would order. That the Members that serve for the several Counties, Cities, and Boroughs, might bring in the Names of Persons to be Commissioners for this Act, within their respective Counties, Cities, and Boroughs: And further moved from the Committee, That the House would resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Progress of the Bill, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock.

Resolved, See. That the Members that serve for the several Counties, Cities, and Boroughs, do bring in the Names of Persons to be Commissioners for this Act, within their respective Counties, Cities, and Boroughs, by Thursday Morning next.

Resolved, &c. That the House will resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, to proceed in the further Progress of the Bill for raising a Supply for his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Committee concerning Highways be revived , and do fit this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Place formerly appointed.

Ordered, That the Committee for the loyal indigent Officers be revived; and do fit this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Place formerly appointed.

Martis,170 Januarii,16° Car. IIdi.

Pr A YE RS.

A Bill for Satisfaction of a just Debt, due to Colonel /\ Richard Kirkby, by Henry Nevill Esquire, was read the Second time.

A Petition of Henry Nevill Esquire was also read.

Resolved* See. That the said Bill be committed to Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Rigby, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Hen. Herbert, Sir John Birkinhead, Sir Anth. Irby, Mr. Mountague, Sir Winston Churchill, Sir Solo. Sir John Bramp-

fton, Sir Tho. Tomkins, Sir Cliff. Clifton, Sir Tho. -worth. Colonel Gilby, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Rich. Wiseman, Sir Capell Luckin, Colonel Sandys, Sir Edm. Pooley, Sir Robert Atkyns, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Sir Wm. bam, Mr. Herbert, Colonel Whitley, Mr. Seymour, Colonel Robinson, Sir Geffrey Shakerley, Sir John Heath, Lord Fanfhaw, Mr. Musgrave, Dr. Rifbton, Sir Robert Cart, Sir John Shaw: And they are to meet at Two of the Clock Tomorrow, in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to take the Petition of Mr. Nevill also into Consideration; and examine the Matter of Fad: And to summon and hear all Parties concerned: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Rigby reports, from the Committee appointed to peruse the old Laws, and also the Acts lately made concerning the Highways; and to fee wherein they are defective; That the Committee had met, and agreed upon Two Votes; viz.

1. That this Committee can find no other Expedient reasonably to mend the Road from London to Chester, but a Toll.

2. They humbly offer to continue the Charge of Sixpence per Pound till the next Session of Parliament.

The Question being put. To. agree with the Committee in imposing a Toll for amending the High Road from London to Chester

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put. To agree with the Committee, to continue the Charge of Six-pence per Pound till the next Session of Parliament;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

t

Ordered,

Ordered, That it be re-committed to the former Committee, or any Four of them, to prepare and bring in a Bill, according to the Votes before-mentioned.

Ordered, That it be referred to the same Committee, to look into the former Act for amending the Highways; and to fee, How far the same may be made practicable, and put in Execution; and to bring in a Bill, as they fee Occasion, to put the same so far forth in Execution, as may be most effectual for the repairing and maintaining the Highways.

And then the House resolved itl'elf into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Bill for raising the King's Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkyns took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker again took the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkyns reports, from the said Committee, That the Committee coming to the Filling-up of the Blank in the Bill, as to the Sum for the County of , and City of Exeter;

And the Question being put. That the Blank be filled up with the Sum of Three thousand Two hundred Sixty-one Pounds Six Shillings and Six-pence,

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, &c. That the Committee of the whole House do proceed to the Finishing of the rest of the Bill for the King's Supply, leaving the Inserting of the Sums to the House.

And then the House resolved itself again into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkyns took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker again took the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkyns reports, from the said Committee, That they had made good Progress in the said Bill; and desired, that the House would resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, to make a further Progress therein.

Resolved, &c. That the House will resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Bill for the King's Supply.

Mercurii, 18° Januar, 161 Ildl.

Prayers.

A Bill for levying the Forfeitures on Vintners, and Retalers of Wines, arid other Liquors, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, for the enabling of Trustees to fell Part of the Estate of Samuel Sandys the elder, Esquire, and of his Son Samuel Sandys, for the Payment of Debts, was read the Third time.

An Amendment to the Twenty-eighth Line of the Second Skin; viz. instead of " Viscount," to read "Baron of; " was, upon the Question, agreed.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendment, be agreed to: And that the Title shall be, An Act for the Enabling of Trustees to fell Part of the Estate of Samuel Sandys the elder, Esquire, and of his Son Samuel for the Payment of Debts: And that the Bill, with the Amendments, be returned back to the Lords for their Concurrence.

A Bill for regulating the Art or Mystery of making Tobacco-pipes was read the Second time.

The Question being put. That the Bill be committed;

The House was divided.

; The Yeas went out.-Sir John Talbot, f Tellers for the Yeas

Sir Fra. Clerke, . £ With the Y eas, J

Sir V/m.Lowiber, f Tellers for the Noes:")

Sir John Sir kin be ad, £ With the No-.s, j

And so it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill for the true Making of Brick and Tile be read Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole Floufe, to proceed upon the Bill for the King's Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkyns took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker again took the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkyns reports, from the said Committee, That the Committee had made a further good Progress in the Bill: And humbly moved, as the Opinion of the Committee, That the House would appoint a Committee, to examine, and bring in an Account, What the Fees may amount unto, upon the Payment in of the fame, for the King's Supply, into the Exchequer, and for the I filling the same out from thence; and al'o to examine the Complaints of the great Charge of paying in the last Assessment into the Exchequer: And that the House would again resolve into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow at Ten of the Clock, to proceed to a further Progress in the said Bill.

Resolved, &c. That a Committee be appointed to take an Account, What the Fees may amount unto upon the Payment in of the Sum, for the King's Supply, into the Exchequer, and for the Issuing the same out from thence; and also to examine the Complaints of the great Charge of paying in the last Assessment into the Exchequer; and report the same to the House; Sir Tho. T Sir Phil. Warwick, Sir Anth. Sir Churchill

Mr. Scawen, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Rigby, Sir

kyns, Mr. Jones, Sir Edm. Sir

Mr. Moimtague, Sir Wm.Lowther, Colonel Robinson, Mr.

Pryn, Sir Edm. Pooley, Sir John Mr. Wm. Co-

ventry, Mr. Garway, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Rich. T,

Sir James Smith, Colonel Sandys; or any Three of them: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock' in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber; and to fit de die in diem: And have Power-to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, &c. That the House will resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, to proceed upon the Bill for tho King's Supply.

'Jovis, 19° 'Januarii, 16? Car. W'.

ABraham Stock Gentleman, of Dover, did, this Day, take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, in order to his being naturalized.

And a Certificate being read on his Behalf, of his having received the Sacrament;

Prayers.

Ordered, That the Name of the said Abraham Stock be inserted into the Bill of Naturalization.

Resolved, That this House will, on the Thirtieth of January instant, solemnize the Anniversary-Day of Humiliation, for the Martyrdom of King Charles the First, in St. Margaret? % Church, West: And Dr. Outrim,

Rector of St. Margaret?s, is desired to preach before the

House in the Forenoon, and Mr. Craddock, the Chaplain of Gray?s-Inn, in the Afternoon, of that Day: And Sir Anthony Irby is desired to give notice to Dr. , and

Sir Clifford Clifton to Mr. Craddocke.

Sir Allen Broderick reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for making the River of Avon navigable, from New-Sarum to Christ-Church, was committed, iome Amendments agreed by the Committee to be made to

the

the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

And the same being twice read; and, upon the Qu.e-ftion, agreed to;

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingossed.

A Petition of 'Thomas Gray Esquire was read.

Another Petition, of divers of the Aldermen, and Bailiff, on the Behalf of themselves, and the major Part of the Burgesses of the Town of Barwick upon Tweed, was read.

Ordered, That the Mayor of Barwick do, at his Peril, make his Return of the Election of the Member chosen to serve for that Town, by next-come-seven-

night.

And then the House resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Bill for Raising of the King's Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker again took the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins reports, from the Committee, That they had made a good Progress in the said Bill; and desired, that the House would resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, to make a further Progress therein.

Resolved, &c. That the House will resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, to proceed in the further Consideration of the said Bill.

A Bill for the true Making of Brick and Tile was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be read the Second time on Saturday next.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill for making Rivers navigable in the County of is

committed, be revived j and do meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Place formerly appointed.

Ordered, That the Report of the Bill for preventing of Differences between the Two Towns of Great and Little Yarmouth be made on Monday Morning next.

Veneris, 20 0 Januarii, 160 Car. Hdi.

Prayers.

A Bill on the Behalf of John Molins Esquire, to have the Redemption of a Mortgage of certain Lands against Basil Brent, Son and Heir of Sir Nathanael Brent, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Ell be read the Second time on Monday next.

A Bill being tendered, to explain the Act of Oblivion, in relation to Outlaries, and Forfeitures of Debts for Relief of Creditors;

Ordered, That this Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Herbert do carry up to the Lords the Bill to enable Trustees to fell Part of the Estate of Samuel Sandys the elder, Esquire, and of his Son Samuel Sandys, for Payment of Debts, with the Amendment thereto, for their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Bill for Levying of Penalties incurred by Vintners, and other Retalers of Wine, and other Liquors, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill for making Rivers navigable in the County of Cornwall is

committed,' be revived; and do fit this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Place formerly appointed: And that Sir Thomas Tomkins and Sir Henry Herbert be added to the said Committee.

And then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed upon the Bill for the King's Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkyns took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker again took the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkyns reports, from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the said Bill; and desired, that the House would again resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock.

Resolved, &c. That the House will again resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, to proceed upon the Bill for the King's Supply.

Sabbatiy 210 die cJanuariii 16° Car. IF1.

Pray ers.

A Petition of Sir Henry Heron, Knight of the Bath* was read.

Resolved, That this Petition be referred to the Consideration of the feme Committee, to whom the Bill for satisfying a just Debt, due to Colonel Richard Kirkby, was committed: And that Sir William Sir Ri-

chard Brabam, and Mr. Stanley, be added to the Committee.

A Bill to explain the Act of Oblivion, For Relief of Creditors, in relation to Outlawries, and Forfeitures of Debts, was read the First time.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read the Second time

on Monday Morning next.

A Bill for the true Making of Brick and Tile was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be committed to Sir Hen. Herbert, Sir Hen. Capell, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Antb. Irby, Sir Winjt. Churchill, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Tho.

Sir Tho. Allan, Mr. Rigby, Sir William Gawdy, Sir Rich. Francklyn, Sir Rich. Ford, Sir Edm. Mr. Mor-

rice. Sir John Goodrich, Sir Solo. Swale, Sir John Denham, Colonel Gilby, Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir Row. Berkley, Sir Tho. Clifford, Sir Rich. Brabam, Sir Clifford Clifton, Mr. Chetwyne, Mr. Hatton, Colonel Robinson, Sir Tho. Tompkins, Mr. Seymour, Sir Edw.Masters, Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Attorney of the Duchy, Mr. Mil-ward, Mr. Westpbaling, Mr. Aldworth, and all the Members of this House that serve for the City of London, and the several Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, and Hartford: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Report concerning the Two Towns of Great and Little Yarmouth be heard on Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the additional Bill for die further Relief of the Poor be read on Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Bill for levying Forfeitures on Vintners, and other Retalers of Wine, Beer, and Ale, be read on Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the other Bill, concerning the true Making of Brick and Tile, be read on Monday Morning.

Ordered, That the Report concerning the Victuallers of the Navy be heard on Monday Morning next,

7 I Sir

Journals of the House of Commons. A. 1664.

Sir Philip Warwick Reports, from the Committee to which it was referred to bring in a Medium of That the Committee had met, and agreed a Medium: Which he delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Mr. Pepis reports, from the Committee to whom the Difference between the City of London and the City of Westminster, concerning St. Ma Le Whether

it is chargeable to pay their Tax with the City of

or Liberty of Westminster;__having, according to Order,

met the Nineteenth Day of December 1664, and sent for Persons, Papers, and Records, examined the Matter of Fast , and find, by the Subsidy-Books belonging to the City of London, it to be as followeth:

That St. Martyn's Le Grand and St. Leonard Parish, in the Ward of Aldersgate, were taxed in the Subsidy in

London, in the High Book for Lands, in the Years 1585, *587, 159L 1594> 1598> 1599» *6°o, 1601, 1602, 1604, 1606, 1607, 1608, 1609, 1610.

In their Low Books, 1620, 1624, 1625.

And in primo Car. I®1. 4'° Car. I. 4'° Car. I.

And to the Royal Subsidy in both, the Payment thereof, 1640, 1641, 1642.

And to the Ship-Money Tax, 17th 10 Car. I.

and 10th of Decemb. 1634.

The City of Westminster shewed, That Martyn's Le Grand had paid to Westminster the Eighteen Months Tax, and the Four last Subsidies, only.

It was agreed by the City of , That the In-

habitants of St. Martyn's Le Grand were rated in London in all Rates, except the Eighteen Months Tax, and the Four last Subsidies, which was paid to Westminster.

No Proof at all made of any other Taxes paid by St. Martyn's Le Grand to Westminster.

The Question being put. To agree with the Committee in the Report; and that St. Martyn's Le Grand Ought to pay their Taxes with the City of London;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Arid then the House resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed on the Bill for the King's Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins took the Chair.

Mr. Speaker again took the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins reports. That the Committee of the whole House had gone through the Bill for his Majesty's Supply; and liad made feme Amendments, which he was ready to report to the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir JuJl. Lewyn and Sir Mundeford Brampston;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down Two Bills: The one, intituled, An Act to enable Henry Lord Loughborough to make the River and Sewer navigable, from or near Bristow Causey in the County of into the River of ‘Thames; and the other, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees for the Lord Strangford to fell Lands, for Payment of Debts: To both which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And have also commanded us to acquaint you. That they do concurr with this House in the Bill of Sir Edw. Hungerford, without any Alteration.

The House, being informed. That the Sheriffs of London attended at the Door of the House, gave Command they should be called in.

And, bang called in to the Bar of the House, they did acquaint Mr. Speaker, That the Lord Mayor and the City of London had commanded them to attend the House with a Petition from the City; which they humbly desired might be read, and taken into Consideration.

And the Sheriffs being withdrawn;

The Question being put, That the Petition be read;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Petition was accordingly read.

And the Sheriffs being again called in to the Bar of the House; Mr. Speaker did acquaint them, That the 7

House had heard their Petition read; and would, in due Time, take the same into further Consideration.

Ordered, That the Report of Sir Robert Atkins, from the Committee of die whole House for his Majesty's Supply, be heard upon Monday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock.

Lima:, 2 30 die Januarit 160 Car. IL*.

cjrOHN Collenvell, of Ilford in the County of Kent, J having, this Day, taken the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, in order to his being naturalized;

And a Certificate being read on his Behalf, of his having received the Sacrament;

Ordered, That the Name of the said John Collenvell be inserted into the Bill of Naturalization.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Election of a Member to serve for the Borough of Richmond in the County of Yorke, in the room of Mr. ford, lately deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Election of a Member to serve for the City of , in the room of Mr. Edward , deceased.

Ordered, That the Bill to explain the Act of Indemnity for Relief of Creditors, in relation to Outlawries and Forfeitures, be read the Second time on Thursday Morning at Ten of the Clock.

A Bill for levying the Forfeitures on Vintners, and other Retalers of Wine, Beer, and Ale, was this Day read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Mr.' Pryn, Colonel Trelawney, Colonel Sandys, Sir John Co-riton. Sir John Knight, Mr. Morrice, Sir Philip Warwick, Colonel Phillips, Sir William Gawdy, Sir Cha. Harbord. Sir Rich. Ford, Mr. Finch, Dr. Rijhton, Sir Tho. Clifford, Mr. Hobby, Sir Edm. Bowyer, Sir Nicolas Stroude, Mr. Scawen, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Chetwynd, Sir Clifford Qifton, Sir John Shaw, Sir Tho. Strickland, Sir John Birkenhead, Colonel Robinson, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Rich. Brabam, Sir Solo. Swale, Mr. , Sir Tho. Allan, Sir Tho. Gower, Mr. Bofcawen, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Jones, Mr. Westpb Sir John Goodrick, Sir Tho. Meres, Colonel Wancklyn, Sir Philip,

Colonel Gilby, Mr. Tho. Jones, Mr. Goring, Sir Hen. Herbert, Sir Edm. Peirce, Sir Tho. Littleton, Colonel Kirkby; And all the Members of this House, that shall come to the Committee, are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill being tendered for Relief of poor Prisoners, in pursuance of an Order Of the House;

Ordered, That this Bill for the Relief of poor Prisoners be read Tomorrow Morning.

An additional Bill for Continuance of a former Act, as to the County of Hertford, for repairing and maintaining the Highways, was read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Robert Atkins reports, from the Committee of the whole House, several Amendments agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in the Bill; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

And the Amendments being once read;

The

The several Amendments to the Bill, which do precede the Amendment to the Forty-third Folio, Lines the Third, Fourth, Fifth, were read the Second time; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

The Amendment to the Forty-third Folio, Lines the Third, Fourth, and Fifth, was read the Second time; the same being to leave out these Words, " and by such Receiver-General to the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer: "

The Question being put, To agree to the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The subsequent Amendments which were made to the Bill, before the Amendment to the Forty-sixth Folio, Line the Tenth, were read the Second time; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Amendment to the Tenth Line of the Forty-sixth Folio being read the Second time,

Resolved, &c. That these Words, " College of for," be inserted in the Amendment, after these Words, College of *

Which was done , and twice read; and agreed.

The rest of the Amendments were read the Second time; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

The Preamble to the Bill, which was postponed, being amended at the Committee, was twice read.

Resolved, &c. That these Words, " Royal Navy," be inserted, instead of " great Fleet," in the Preamble.

Which was done; and the Words thrice read; and agreed.

Resolved, Sec. That the Words " in the Seas" be in-ierted, instead of " of the Seas."

Which was done; and the Words thrice read; and agreed to.

Resolved, That the Word " whole" be left out of the Preamble.

Which was done accordingly.

Resolved, &c. That, instead of these Words, " that inevitable Ruin," these Words, viz. "those Inconveniencies which must needs befal the Nation," be inserted in the Preamble.

Which was done; and the Words thrice read; and agreed to.

Resolved, See. That the Preamble, with these Amendments, be agreed to.

Resolved, Scc. That the further Debate of the Matter, upon the Bill for his Majesty's Supply, be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for settling the Commonable Grounds of Epworth and is committed; viz. Sir Tho. Strickland, Mr. Colonel

ham, Mr. Scawen, Colonel Hen. Williamsy Sir John land\ Sir Richard Powky Colonel Edw. Colonel

Robert Phillips, Mr. Tayler, Mr. Will. Sandys, Mr. Dal-maboy: And all that come to have Voices.

Ordered, That the Committee, to which the Bill concerning Officers Fees is committed, be revived; and do fit this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Place formerly appointed: And that the Committee to which the Bill for regulating the Law was committed, be joined to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Sir Henry , and Sir Rowland

Berkeley, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for Hallage is committed.

Martis,240 Januariiyi6° Car. IT'.

.Prayers.

QRderedyThzt these Members following be added to the Committee to which the Bill for making Rivers navigable between London and Briftoll was committed; viz. Sir Rich. Vivian, Sir Roger Bra Sir Herbert Price,

Mr. Leighton, Serjeant Littleto, Mr. Roger,

Mr. Waller, Sir Tho. 'TompkinsSir Rich. Mr.

Westphaling. Mr. Barnaby, Mr. Cornwall.

A Bill for Relief of poor Prisoners was this Day read the First time.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read the Second time on Thursday next.

A Bill for Continuance of a former Act, as to the County of Hertford, for the repairing and maintaining the Highways, was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill be committed to Lord Fanjbaw, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir John , Sir Tho. Allen, Colonel Sandy s, Colonel Phillips, Sir Rich. Oat ley. Sir Edm. Pooley, Mr. Pepis, Sir John Sir Cha.

Harbord, Mr. Dowdfwelly Sir Gilbert Sir Hen.

Herbert,' Sir John Denham, Sir John Mr.

Mr. Jolly, Sir Ralph Hare, Sir Churchill, Sir

John Brampflon, Sir John Corit, Sir Wm. Gaudy, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir John Holland, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Rigby, Sir Tho. Wendy, Sir Wm. Sir

Sol. Swale, Mr. Hoby, Sir Phil. WColonel lyn, Sir Rich. Braham, Mr. Ratcliff, Sir Cliff. Clifton, and all the Members that serve for the several Counties of Norfolke, Suffolke, Cambridge, Lincolne, and Torke: And they, are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber, this Afternoon at Two of the Clock: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Seymour reports, from the Committee to whom the Petition of several Persons, who have Letters Patents for felling Wine by Retale, was committed. That the Committee had considered of several Proposals and Expedients offered for Relief of the Petitioners , and for settling a Revenue of equal Value on his Royal Highness the Duke of Torke; and had agreed upon this Vote *, viz.

That Forty Shillings a Ton Spanish, and Twenty Shillings French, be imposed as an additional Duty on Wines imported , to be in lieu of a Revenue to his Royal High-nest for Settling of Wine-Licences.

Which Vote being read;

Resolved, Sec. That the Debate of the Matter, upon the Report from the Committee to which the Petition of several Persons, who have Letters Patents for felling Wine by Retale, was committed, be adjourned till -. day next j and then taken into Consideration.

A Bill for settling the Estate of Sir Robert Carr Baronet was read the First time.

Resolved, Sec. That the said Bill be read the Second time on Thursday next.

The House then resumed the Debate upon the Bill for his Majesty's Supply , and proceeded to the filling up the Blanks of the Rates for the several Counties.

The Question being put, That the Blank for the County of Bedford be filled up with the Sum of Eight hundred Ninety-six Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Nine-pence *,

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put. That the Blank for the County of Berksbe filled up with the Sum of Eleven hundred

Thirty-two Pounds Six Shillings and Seven-pence;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put. That the Blank for the County of Bucks be filled up with the Sum of Thirteen hundred Fifteen Pounds Six Shillings and Five-pence

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put, That the Blank for the County of Cambridge, and Isle of Ely, be filled up with the Sum of Thirteen hundred Sixty-nine Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Eleven-pence,

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put, That the County of Chester, and the City of Chester, be joined in the Act of Assessment;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Journals of the Hou fe of Commons. A. 1664.

Resolved, See. That the Blank for the County of and the City of Chester, be filled up with the Sum of Eight hundred One Pounds Fire Shillings and Six-pence.

Resolved, &c. That the Blank for the County of Cornwall be filled up with the Sum of Fifteen hundred Forty Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Three-pence.

Resolved, &c. That the Blank for die County of Cumberland be filled up with the Sum of One hundred Sixty-eight Pounds Six Shillings and One Peny.

Resolved, See. That the Blank for the County of Derby be filled up with the Sum of Eight hundred Sixty-two Pounds Eight Shillings and Four-pence.

Resolved, Sec. That the Blank for the County of Devon, and City of Exeter, be filled up with the Sum of Three-and-thirty hundred Forty-six Pounds Six Shillings and Eight-pence.

Resolved, Sec. That the Blank for the County of sett, and Town of Poole, be filled up with the Sum of Thirteen hundred Fifty-five Pounds Ten Shillings and One Peny.

Resolved, See. That the Blank for the County of Durham be filled up with the Sum of Three hundred Twenty-three Pounds Six Shillings and Nine-pence.

Resolved, See. That the Blank for the County of Essex be filled up with the Sum of Three thousand Ninety-eight Pounds Eight Shillings and Ten-pence.

Resolved, Sec. That the Blank for the County of Glou-cefterbt filled up-with the Sum of Eighteen hundred Eight Pounds Ten Shillings and Three-pence.

Resolved, &c. That the Blank for the City, and County of the City, of Gloucester be filled up with the Sum of Thirty-nine Pounds Eight Shillings.

Resolved, See. That the Blank for the County of Hereford be filled up with the Sum of Eleven hundred Thirty-one Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four-pence.

Resolved, &c. That the Blank for the County of Hertford be filled up with the Sum of Thirteen hundred Forty-five Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Three-pence.

Resolved, See. That the Blank for the County of Southampton, Town of Southampton, and Isle of Wight, be filled up with the Sum One-and-twenty hundred Eighty-nine Pounds Eight Shillings and Eight-pence.

Resolved, See. That the Blank for die County of Huntington be filled up with the Sum of Six hundred Thirty-three Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Two-pence.

Resolved, Sec. That the Blank for the County of Kent, and City, of Canterbury, be filled up with the Sum of Three-and-thirty hundred Twenty-six Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Eight-pence.

Resolved, Sec. That the Blank for the County of Lancaster be filled up with the Sum of One thousand Six Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Six-pence.

Resolved, Sec. That the Blank for the County of Leicester be filled up with the Sum of One thousand Eighty-four Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Three-pence.

Resolved, That the Blank for the County of and the City of Lincolne, be filled up with the Sum of Five-and-twenty hundred Seventy-five Pounds and Two Shillings.

The Matter touching the Ease of the City of London being debated;

Resolved, &c. That the Sum of Five hundred Pounds per menfem be taken off from the Medium of the City of London.

Resolved, Sec. That the Debate of the Matter touching the Five hundred Pounds Ease given to the City of London be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to the Committee to which the Bill for satisfying a just Debt, due to Colonel Richard Kirkby, from Henry Esquire,

was committed *, viz. Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Fulke Colonel Birch, Sir Rich, Temple, Sir Edw. , Sir

John Knight.

Mercurii, 2cf die cJanuariiy i(f ir*.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of Burlington in the County of Yorke was read.

Ordered, That Leave be given for bringing in a Bill for the Repairing and Maintaining of Burlington Pier.

A Bill for the true Making of Brick and Tile was read. The Question being put, That the Bill be read a Second time -,

It passed in the Negative.

The House being informed, That some Writs, heretofore issued for electing new Members to serve in Parliament, have miscarried;

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do attend the Lord High Chancellor of England, and desire him, that he would be pleased to give Order, That, when any Writs for electing new Members are scaled, the same be delivered to the proper Officer for executing such Writs; or, in case he be not in Town, then to one of the Knights that serve for the County into which the Writ shall issue.

A Bill to supply Defects, and to inlarge a former Act for the better Relief of the Poor, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Morrice, Sir Clifford Clifton, Sir Tho. Allan, Sir Hump. Winch, Sir Tho. Meresa Sir Tho. Gower, Sir Job Charleton, Sir John Mr. Crouch, Mr. Pepis, Sir Allan , Sir Roger Jhaigb, Mr. Hobby, Sir John Mr. Trevor, Sir

John Heath, Mr. Finch, Sir Tho. Tompkins, Sir Tho. gons. Lord Fanshaw, Sir Robert Howard, Lord son, Mr. Waller, Mr. Gyles HungorMr. Pryn, Sir Wm.

Lowther, Sir Philip Warwick, Sir John Birkenhead, Mr.

Rigby, Sir Solo. Swale, Sir John Knight, Sir Wm.

Mr. Pley dwell, Mr. Bofcawen, Sir John Goodrich, Sir James Smith, Mr. Street, Mr. Jay, Sir Wm. Fleetwood, Mr. Hordes, Sir Edm.Pye, Mr. VauSir Winft. Churchill,

Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Hen. Herbert, Sir Geo. Ryve, Mr. Onslow: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock, in' the Exchequer-Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And they are to take an Account, What Money has been raised, in pursuance of the former Act; and khow it has been employed: And to report the Matter to the House.

The House being informed. That the Bill for taking away Damage Cleere was miscarried, and not to be found*.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee to which the Bill for taking away Damage Cleere was committed, to inquire how the said Bill came to be miscarried: And that a Copy of the said Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

The House did then resume the Debate touching the Five hundred Pounds Ease given to the City of London.

The Question being put, That the Sum of Five hundred Pounds per menfem be abated to the City of London, over and above the One hundred Pounds per menfem already abated to them, out of the Forty thousand Pounds;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

("Tellers for the Yeas*.} Q I With the Yeas, $ 9»*

JTellers for the Noes I With the Noes, f

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, See. That the Sum of Two hundred Fifty Pounds, Part of the Five hundred Pounds taken off from the City of London, be added to the Medium of the County of Middlesex and Westminster, without Offices.

Resolved, That One hundred Twenty-five Pounds, Part of the remaining Sum of Two hundred and Fifty Pounds,

be

Sir Jo. Frederick, Mr. Jones,

Sir John Talbott, Sir Lane.

be added to the Medium of the City of in respect

of Offices.

Resolved, See. That One hundred Twenty-five Pounds, other Part of the remaining Sum of Two hundred and ‘Fifty Pounds, be added to the Medium of the County of Middlesex and Westminster, in respect of Offices.

Resolved, That the Blank for the City of with

St.Martin' sleGrand, befilled upwith theSum of Five thou-

land Ninety one Pounds Eleven Shillings and Four-pence.

Resolved, That the Blank for the County of be filled up with the Sum of Two thousand Two hundred Forty Pounds Ten Shillings.

Ordered, That all Committees which were to fit this Afternoon, be adjourned; and do fit Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Place formerly appointed.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for the true Making of Brick and Tile is committed , viz. Sir Hump. Winch, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Goring, Mr. James, Sir Rich. Oateley, Sir John Talbott, Sir John Cory ton, Mr. Garrow ay, Mr. Packer, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Scawen.

Jovts, 26° Januarii, 16 Car. 11".

Prayers.

A Bill for the settling the Estate of Sir Robert Car Baronet was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed to Lord Fitzharding, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir John Secre-

tary Bennett, Mr. Attorney of the Duchy, Sir William Lowther, Lord Richardson, Sir John Bennett, Sir Hen. Wood, Sir William Doyley, Sir John Goodrich, Mr. Jones, Sir John Talbott, Sir Edmund Pooley, Major Walden, Sir Fra. Goodrick, Mr. Orme, Sir PM. Warwick, Sir Adrian Scrtfope, Mr. Williams, Sir Robert Holt, Sir Mr. Treasurer, Sir Solo. Swale, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Tho.

Gower, Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir Lane. Lake, S'vcWm. Gawdy,

Sir Tho. Clifford, Sir John Duncombe, Mr. Vaughan, Colo-

nel Gilby, Mr. Mikoard, Sir Tho. Allan, Sir Geo. Ryve, Sir Tho. Gower, Sir The. Higgons, Mr. Ford, Sir Edw. Masters, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Winflon Churchill, Sir Rich. Brabam, Sir Robert Pafion, Mr. Whorwood, Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Coventry, Mr.

oilI, Mr. Thomas, and all the Members of this House that servefor the County of Uncolne, and all the Members that are of the Long Robe: And they are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, on Friday next: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for the Repairing and Maintaining of the Pier of Bridlington in the County of Yorke was read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time on Saturday next.

The House did then resume the Debate of the Report From the Committee to which the Petition of fevekal Persons, who have Letters-Patents for felling Wine by Retale, was committed.

The Question being put. To agree with the Committee, That Forty Shillings &Tun Spanish and Twenty Shillings French, be imposed as an additional Duty on Wines imported, to be in lieu of a Revenue to his Royal Highness for Selling of Wine-Licences;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, See. That the Petition of the several Persons who have Letters-Patents for Selling of Wines by Rctale be laid aside. i

Ordered, That the Bill, sent from the Lords, to enable Trustees to fell Lands for Payment of the Debts of the ' Lord Strangford, be read the first Bill Tomorrow Mom-tog. '

The House then proceeded on the Bill for his Majesty's Supply, and agreed several Sums for filling up the Blanks for the several Counties, as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That the Blank for the County of Monmouth be filled up with the Sum of Three hundred Ninety -Pounds.

Resolved, That the County of Northampton be filled up with the Sum of Fourteen hundred Thirteen Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Two-pence.

Resolved, That the County of Nottingham, with the Town and County of Nottingham, be filled up with the Sum of Eight hundred Seventy-three Pounds Eight Shillings.

Resolved, That the Blank for the County of Norfolke be filled up with the Sum of Three thousand Three hundred Seventy Pounds Twelve Shillings.

Resolved, That the Blank for the City and County of Norwich be filled up with the Sum of One hundred Eighty Pounds.

Resolved, That the Blank for the County of Northumberland, with the Town of Newcastle, and Berwick upon Tweed, be filled up with the Sum of Three hundred Seventy-two Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Eight-pence.

Resolved, That the Blank for the County of Oxon be filled up with the Sum of Eleven hundred Thirty-five Pounds Ten Shillings and Eight-pence.

Resolved, That the Blank for the County of Rutland be filled up with the Sum of Two hundred Forty Pounds Eight Shillings and Eleven-pence.

Resolved, That the Blank for the County of Salop be filled up with the Sum of Twelve hundred Three Pounds 1 Fourteen Shillings and Two-pence.

Resolved, That the Blank for the County of Stafford be filled up with the Sum of Eight hundred Fifty-two Pounds Eleven Shillings and Eight-pence.

Resolved, That the Blank for the City and County of Litchfeild be filled up with the Sum of Thirteen Pounds.

Resolved, That the Blank for the County of Somersett be filled up with the Sum of Two thousand Seven hundred Seventy-one Pounds Ten Shillings and Eight-pence.

Resolved, That the Blank for the City and County of Bristow be filled up with the Sum of One hundred Ninety-nine Pounds Eight Shillings and Four-pence.

Resolved, That the Blank for the County of Southampton, Town of Southampton, and Hie of Wight, be filled up with the Sum of Two thousand One hundred Eighty-nine Pounds Eight Shillings and Eight-pence.

Resolved, That the Blank for the County of Suffolk be filled up with the Sum of Three thousand Two hundred Ninety-eight Pounds Ten Shillings and Eight-pence.

Resolved, That the Blank for the County of Surrey be filled up with the Sum *#*.

Resolved, That the Blank for the Borough of Southwarke be filled up with the Sum of Fifteen hundred Ninety-seven Pounds and Two-pence.

Resolved, That the Blank for the County of Sussex be filled up with the Sum of Eighteen hundred Twenty-one Pounds Seven Shillings and Nine-pence.

Resolved, That the Blank for the County of Warwick, with the City and County of Coventry, be filled up with the Sum of Eleven hundred Ninety*two Pounds Eight Shillings and Nine-pence.

Resolved, That the Blank for the County of Worcester be filled up with the Sum of Ten hundred Fifty-three Pounds Nineteen Shillings.

Resolved, That the Blank for the City and County of the City of Worcester be filled up with the Sum of Fifty-five Pounds Nine Shillings and Six-pence.

Resolved, That the Blank for the County of Wilts be filled up with the Sum of Nineteen hundred Sixty-six Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Seven-pence.

Resolved, That the Blank for the County of land be filled up with the Sum of One hundred Sixteen Pounds.

The Medium of North and South Wales, formerly brought in, being twice read j

7K

Refflv ed.

Journals of the House of Commons. 1664.

S9°

R efolved, That the Medium returned in for North Wales be agreed.

The House being informed, That each County of South Wales (except the County of Cardigan) was eased by the Medium Eighty Pounds -per beftdes a Surplus

of so much more as would, in the Whole, amount to above One hundred Pounds per Ease to the said

several Counties; and that the County of Cardigan was much over-rated.;

Resolved, That the Surplus of Ease over-and-above Eighty Pounds per menfem, allowed by the Medium to the Five other Counties of South , shall be given for the Ease of the County of Cardigan: And that the Sum, which such Surplus doth amount to, shall be deducted from the Medium of Cardigan; and charged upon the several Mediums of the other Five Counties.

And it is referred to Mr. Scawen to proportion the same accordingly.

The House then proceeded to the Reading of the Lists of Commissioners Names to be inserted into the Bill for his Majesty's Supply.

And the several Lists of Bed, , bridge, Chijler, Cornewall,

City of Exeter, Dorsett, Poole, Essex, were twice read; and, with some Alterations and Additions of Names, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Mr. Scawen reports. That he had, according to the Order of the House, cast up a new Medium for the Six Counties of South Wales: Which he delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Resolved, That the Committee to whom the Bill for Damage Cleer is committed, be revived; and do fit this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Place formerly appointed.

Ordered, That Major-General Langherne, Mr. Henley, and Mr. Samuel Sandys, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill to enable Mr. Jucks to fell Lands for Payment of Debts, is committed.

Ordered, That Samuel Hart be added Commissioner to

the Lift of Essex.

The House then resumed the Consideration of the Medium of the several Counties of South Wales, which was brought in Yesterday, in pursuance of the Order of the House.

And the Lift being twice read; and agreed to;

Resolved, That the Blanks for the several Counties of South Wales be filled up with the several Sums contained in the Medium.

Which was done accordingly.

The House then proceeded in the Reading of the Lists of Commissioners Names to be inserted into the Bill for his Majesty's Supply.

And the several Lifts for the Counties of Hereford, Hertford, Kent, Lancaster, and Lincolne, to the City of London, were twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

A List of Commissioners Names for the City of Lop-don was twice read.

Another Lift of some Persons was tendered to be added to the List of Commissioners Names brought in for the City of London; and once read.

The Question being put, That the Lift of Names, tendered to be added to the List of Commissioners Names brought in for the City of London, be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Name of Walter Lapp be inserted into the List of Commissioners Names for the City of London.

Which was done.

The Question being put. That there shall be any further Addition of Commissioners Names for the City of London;

It passed in the Negative.

The House then proceeded in the Reading of the Lists of Commissioners Names.

And the several Lists of Commissioners Names for the County of Middlesex, Westminfle, Monmouth, Northampton, Norfolk, and Norwich, were twice read; and, with some Alterations and Additions, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

VenertS) 270 die Januariiy 16 II*

Rdered, That the Committees to which the Bill to prevent Delays in Executions, the Bill touching Probate of Wills, the Bill for taking away Damage Cleere, were committed, be joined to the Committee for the regulating die Law: And that the said Committee do meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock.

A Bill, sent from the Lords, to enable Trustees to fell Lands, for Payment of die Lord Strangford's Debts, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time on Tuesday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Ltwen

and Sir Nathanael Hobart;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have returned you the Bill for the Settling of several Manors, Lands, and Tenements of Sir Jacob Aftley, lying in the Coundes of Nor-

folke and Warwick; with some Amendments, and a Proviso: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Ordered, That the Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill of Sir Jacob dftley, be read, and taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report of Sir Richard Ford, touching the Victuallers of the Navy, be heard, and taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Report, touching the Two Towns of Great and Little Yarmouth, be heard upon Tuesday Morning at Ten of the Clock.'

7 ~ '

Ordered, That the Bill for Relief of Creditors and Prisoners be read the first Bill Tomorrow Morning.

Sabbati, 28° die 'Januar, 16° Car, II",

Prayers.

A Bill to enable the Heirs of Michael Mollins Esquire to redeem a Mortgage, and to relieve him against a Release, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Sir Cha. Harbord, Mr. Hungorford, Sir Edm. Peirce, Sir Tho. Allen, Mr. John Vaughan, Sir Lowther, Mr. Hordet, Sir John Coryton, Mr. Cornewall, Sir John Holland, Sir Tho. Gower, Colonel Sandys, Sir Rich. Franckfyn, Sir Tho.

Lee, Mr. Crouch,. Sir Tho. Tompkins, Mr. Mr.

Wynn, Mr. Dowdeswell, Sir Tho. Clifford, Mr. Hide, Sir

Solo. Swale, Mr. York, Sir Hump. Winch, Mr. Geo. Clerke, Sir Rowland Berkley, Mr. Hob, Sir Hen. , and all die Gentlemen of the House that are of the Long Robe *, and all the Members of this House that serve for the County of Berks: And they are to meet this After--noon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And to give the Parties concerned convenient Notice to come in, and be heard.

A Bill to explain several Statutes, that prohibit the Transportation of white woolen Cloths, was read.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time, on Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Thomas Powell, an Attorney, near Ludlow in the County of Salop, be sent for in the Custody of

the

the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, or his Deputy i to anftver his Breach of Privilege, in beginning and prosecuting a Suit against Humphry Esquire,

a Member of this House, at the Suit of Cornewall , whereby the said Mr. Humphry Cornewall hath been hindered from attending the Service of this House.

An ingossed Bill, for making the River of Avon navigable from New-Sarum to Christ-Church, was read.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill do pais: And that the Title shall be. An Act for making the River navigable from Christ-Church to the City of New-Sarum.

And the Lord Cornebury is to carry up the Bill to the Lords.

Ordered, That the Bill, lent from the Lords, for making divers Rivers navigable, or otherwise palfable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, be read on Tuesday Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill for Relief of poor Prisoners be read the First time on Tuesday Morning.

Sir Richard Ford reports, from the Committee to which the Petition of several Merchants, Tradesmen, Artificers, Victuallers, and others, was committed. That, in pursuance of an Order of this Honourable House, of the Fourteenth of this Instant, whereby the said Petition is referred to the said Committee, to examine the Matter of the said Petition, and the Nature of the Debt, Whether it was a Debt adjudged to be satisfied within the Time limited by Act of Parliament; and to report the lame, with their Opinions therein, to the House; the said Committee do humbly certify, Thar, having called before them Two of the sworn Auditors appointed by the said Act, for Hating the Accompts of the Navy, they have received from them several Cerrificates, under their Hands, whereby it appears, that they have Hated several of the Accompts of the Petitioners: And that there is due, unto the Persons therein named, the several Sums of Money here under-mentioned; viz.

I.

38i54

s.

15120 18

df

9

3t

For victualling his Majesty's Navy For Provisions, Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, delivered into his Ma-V 35945 7

jesty's Naval Stores — — — — j For Emptions and Provisions of Stores, and other Services, done and performed in the Office of his Majesty's Ordnance - —

To Sir George Carterett Baronet, Trea-~) surer of his Majesty's Navy, remaining > 14854 9 9

unpaid to him, as per Accompt ----- ----- j

More due to him upon a Warrant") of Thirteen thousand Three hundred /

Pounds, as is certified from the Trea- f fury - — — -J

For Provisions of Canvas, Cordage,") and other Stores, for Supply of his Ma- > jesty's Ships at Plymouth — — — j For Maintaining of Prisoners; viz. to the Executors of Mr. Richard Ger-rardy for Prisoners kept at Chelfey College, Two hundred Twenty-four Pounds Three Shillings and Two-pence; and to /

Mr. Joshua Childy for Prisoners kept 1 at Portsmouth, Two hundred Fifty-six I

Pounds and Eight-pence: In all ----- --- J

To Mr. Daniel Furzert Shipwright,} on Account of a Frigate built in the>

Forest of Deane — . — — — 3

To several Persons serving in his MaO jesty's Yards - — -j Unpaid, for Quarters and Cures of5 Sick and Wounded - j

19 77

3331 18 0

480 19

*i

*37 *9

ioi

866 16 11 846 6 2

Which several Particulars amount to the Sum of ——

111716 4 4!

Besides which the said Auditors have" represented to the said Committee, that, before they proceeded to the adjusting the said Accompts of Stores, the principal Officers or Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, delivered unto them Two Books, containing an Ab-straft of all Bills which had been sign- I ed in their Office, between the Four- ' teenth of March 1658, and the Twenty-fourth of June 1660, and which were then produced unto the said principal Officers by the respective Creditors themselves; whereof there remains unstated, by the said Auditors (in regard the said Bills were not produced and brought in), to the Value of — — _ And that there remains likewise un- Hated of Debentures, signed within the I Time above limited, which were cer- I tified to be due by the Officers of his,) Majesty's Ordnance, as appears by the Book delivered to the Auditors, the Sum of - —

Also, that there is due to the Pur-} fers, by Estimate — — — — $ And to Mr. Thomas , of Do-~ ver, for refitting his Majesty's Ships, as unpaid on a Warrant granted by . the Commissioners for discharging the Debts of his Majesty's Navy — > —

/. s.

24629 6

4853 2

2000 o

223 15

d.

7i

1

o

2

Which, being added, makes, in the Whole ——

31706

143422

3 *or 8 3

Upon Consideradon whereof had;

Resolved, That it be reported to the House, as the Opinion of this Committee, That the Debts in the Petition contained, and before particularly mentioned to be Hated and certified, are of the Nature and Quality of the Debts comprehended within the Act of Parliament passed in the Year 1660, for discharging of the Debts of the Army and Navy; and accrued, and became due, within the Times limited by the said Act; and ought, in Honour and Justice, to he satisfied.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, That the Debts in the Petition contained, and before particularly mentioned to be Hated and certified, are of the Nature and Quality of the Debts comprehended within the Act of Parliament palfed in the Year 1660, for discharging the Debts of the Army 4nd Navy; and accrued, and became due, within the Times limited by the said Act j and ought, in Honour and Justice, to be satisfied.

Resolved, That the further Consideration of this Re« port be adjourned till Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Sir John Be, and, Sir Robert Carry

be added to the Committee to which the Bill for erecting a Church in St. James in the Fields is committed.

The House then proceeded to the Reading of the Lists of Commissioners to be inserted into the Bill for his Majesty's Supply.

The List of Commissioners Names for and the Towns of Newcastle and , were twice

read , and, upon the Question, agreed.

The Question being put. That Clayton be added

to the Commissioners for Oxfordshire j

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put. That Dr. Jenkins be added to the Commissioners for Oxfordshire;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put. That Dr. Hide be added to the Commissioners for Oxfordshire;

It was resolved in she Affirmative.

The

SY-

Journals of the House of Commons. A. 1664.'

The Question being put, That Dr. Thomas be

added to the Commissioners for Oxfordshire;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the several Names of the several Persons being inserted;

Resolved, That the List of Commissioners for the County of Oxford, with the Additions of the said Persons,

be agreed.

A List of Commissioners for the University and City of Oxon was twice read , and, upon the Question, agreed.

The Lists of Commissioners for the several Counties of Rutland, Salop, Stafford, City of City of Briftoll, Southampton,

Suffer, Warwick, Worcester, City of Westmorland, York, Angle fey, Brecon, Carmar-

then, Carnarvon, Denbigh, Flint, Glamorgan, Merioneth, Montgomery, Pembrook, and Radnor, were twice read; and, with some Additions, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

The House adjourned till Two of the Clock.

Poji Meridiem.

THE County of Cambridge, and the Isle of Ely, being to be assessed severally by the Vote of the House; and the Proportion of each Place being agreed; and tendered to the House;

Resolved, That the Blank for the Isle of Ely be filled up with the Sum of Three hundred Forty-nine Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Eleven-pence.

Resolved, That the Blank for the County of Cambridge be filled up with the Sum of One thousand and Twenty Pounds.

Resolved, See. That the several Blanks for the Quarterly

Payments be filled up with the Sum of Two hundred Six thousand Four hundred and Fifty-eight Pounds.

A Proviso was tendered to be added, on the Behalf of the County of Salop; and twice read.

The Question being put. That this Proviso be made Part of the Bill;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Proviso, on the Behalf of the County of Suffolk, as to certain Lands lying in Thetford, was twice read.

The Question being put. That it be made Part of the

Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put. That Candles be brought in;

The House w. s divided.

The Yeas went out.

Sir John Birkenhead, T Tellers for the Yeas :7

Colonel Trelawney, \ With the Yeas, j Sir Richard Brabam, f Tellers for the Noes:

Sir Tho. Tompkins, \ With the Noes, j And so it passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning next, at Eight of the Clock.

39*

41.

Martis,310 Januarii,

Prayers.

/'JRdered, That the Name of Richard Minors, an Infant, be inserted into the Bill of Naturalization.

Dr. Outrim, the Rector of St. Margaret's, and Mr. Craddock; Chaplain to the Society of Inne, having, according to the Desire of the House, preached before them Yesterday at St. Margaret' %; and having discharged the same with much Learning, and very pious and good Instructions;

Resolved, That the Thanks of this House be returned to Dr. Outrim and Mr. Craddock, for the Sermons by them preached Yesterday before this House: And Sir Anti

thorny Irby, and Sir William Doyley, are desired to rettirn the Thanks of this House to Dr. Outrim, and Sir Clifford Clifton to Mr. Craddock.

Ordered, That John Prayter be added to the List of Commissioners Names for the County of Suffolke.

Ordered, That Captain John Ellefden be added a Commissioner for the County of

Ordered, That Bridges Nanfan Esquire be added a Commissioner for the County of Worcester.

Ordered, That Richard Cole Esquire be added a Commissioner for the County of Salop.

The House then proceeded in the further Consideration of the Provisoes offered to the Bill for his Majesty's Supply.

A Proviso was tendered, for the better Collecting and Recovering of such Rates as shall be alfelfed on Lands which shall happen to be unoccupied, or where no Distress can be found, was twice read: But the same being not large enough to comprehend Houses, and other Matters; Upon Debate therefore.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Higgons, Mr. Co-

lonel Sandys, Mr. Milward, Sir Anth. Irby, Mr. York, and Mr. Pryn, do withdraw, and amend the Proviso, according to the Debate in the House.

A Proviso, on the Behalf of the Clergy, for Discharging of such Estates as shall be now airdfed, belonging to the Clergy, of the Two last Subsidies formerly by them given, was twice read.

Resolved, See. That the Proviso be agreed to, and made Part of the Bill.

A Proviso, for Penalty of One hundred Pounds to be inflicted on such as shall appoint any Collector for any Two of later Quarters, that shall not first produce a Discharge, under the Hand and Seal of the Receiver-General, for the Discharge of the Two first Quarters, was twice read.

The Question being put, That the said Proviso be agreed to;

It paCTed in the Negative.

Another Proviso, on the Behalf of the Cinque-Ports,' was tendered; and once read.

The Question being put. That the Proviso be read tho Second time;

It palfed in the Negative.

Another Proviso, for an Oath to be taken by Commissioners and Assessors, was tendered; and twice read.

The Question being put, That the Proviso be read th& Second time;

It palfed in the Negative.

A Proviso was tendered, for saving the ancient Rights of the Peers, Clergy, and Commons, in being rated by way of Subsidy; and that the Aid granted by the Act, nor the Manner of Raising of it, should be drawn into Precedent to their Prejudice.

Which Proviso being twice read; and debated;

The Question being put, That this Proviso be made Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

A Proviso, for Acquittances to be given to the Sub-Collectors by the Head-Collector, and to the Head-Col-leClor by the Treasurer, was twice read.

Resolved, That the Proviso be agreed to, and made Part of the Bill.

Sir Thomas Higgons reports, from the Committee appointed to withdraw, and amend the Proviso, in relation to Lands not occupied. That the Committee had withdrawn, and agreed upon Three several Provisoes, in relation to Lands and Houses not occupied, and to Tythes, Tolls, and Woods.

The First Proviso was twice read.

Ordered, That these Words, " or any claiming any Estate, Interest, or Profit, under him," be added to the Proviso.

Which was done.

Resolved,'Sic. That the Proviso, so amended, be agreed

to.

The

The Second Proviso was twice read.

Ordered, That these Words, " at seasonable Times of the Year," be inserted in the Proviso.

Which was done.

Ordered, That these Words, " returning the Overplus, if any be," be inserted in the Proviso.

Which was done.

Resolved, That the Proviso, so amended, be agreed to, and made Part of the Bill.

The Third Proviso was twice read.

Ordered, That the Blank in the Proviso be filled up with " Fifteen."

Which was done.

Resolved, &c. That the Proviso, so amended, be agreed to, and made Part of the Bill.

A Proviso was tendered, on the Behalf of and Westminster, for the equal Aflefiing of new Buildings and Offices 5 and read.

The Question being put, That the Proviso be read the Second time;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That these Words, " and City of be added in the Proviso, after the Word " .*

Which was done.

The Question being put, That the Proviso, so amended, be agreed to, and made Part of the Bill;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Tellers for the Yeas:

With the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes:

With the Noes,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Proviso, on Behalf of the Cinque-Ports, was tendered; and read.

Sir Lane.

Sir Tho. A

Mr. Seymour Colonel T

78.

54»

The Question being put, That the Proviso be read a Second time j

It passed in the Negative.

Commissioners Names being tendered, for lb many of the Cinque-Ports as are in Kent and twice read;

Resolved, That these Commissioners Names be added to the Lift of the Commissioners Names for the County of Kent.

Resolved', That the Bill for his Majesty's Supply, with the Amendments and Provisoes agreed to, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That, if the Bill be ingrafted against Tomorrow Morning, the same shall be then read.

Ordered, That the Report concerning Great and Uttle Yarmouth be heard on Friday Morning.

Ordered, That all Committees which were formerly discontinued, be revived; and do fit this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Place formerly appointed.

Ordered, That the Mayor of ruroe for the Time being, and Martin Madderne Esquire, be inserted into the List of Commissioners Names for the County of

voall.

Mercuriiy primo die Feb, 17° Car. IIdl.

A Bill for Relief of poor Prisoners was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Morrice, Sir The. Allan, Sir Clifford Clifton, Sir John Goodrich, Sir Edward Sir Lane.

Lake, Sir William Lowther, Sir John Coryton, Mr. cawen. Sir Robert Holt, Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir Francis Goodrich, Sir John Bennett, Sir John Cotton, Mr. Jay, Colonel Reymes, Sir Edm. Peirce, Mr. Collyns, Mr. raway. Sir William Smith, M Mr. Westpbaling,

Mr. York, Sir Edmund Pooley, Sir John Knight, Sir John

Show, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir John Moreton, Colonel Robin-fan, Sir Tho. Tompkins, Sir Tho. Gore, Sir Tho. Meres, Lord Fanshaw, Sir John Roufey Mr. Pepis, Sit Solo. Swale,

Dr. Rifhton, Sir Nicolas Stroude, Colonel Phillips, Mr.

Pley dwell, Sir Rich. Brabam, Sir Herbert Price, Sir fton Churchill, Mr Fox, Sir Tho. Wendy, Sir Roger

Jhaigh, Sir Chichester Wray, Dr. Burwell, Mr. Tayler, Colonel Arundell, Colonel Windham, and all the Members of this House that are of the Long Robe: And they are to meet on Friday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Committee, to which the Bill for enabling Trustees to fell Lands, for Payment of the Debts of Mr. Beresford, was committed, be revived; and do fit this Afternoon at Two of the Clock.

Ordered, That Leave be given for bringing in a Bill for Regulating of Prisons, and to prevent Abuses and Miscarriages in Keepers of Prisons, in giving Liberty to Prisoners, whereby their Creditors are defeated of their Debts.

Ordered, That the Bill for Uniting of Churches in Ciues and Towns Corporate be read on Friday Morning, the firtt Bill.

Mr. Crouch reports from the Committee to which the Bill for Continuance of a former Act, for repairing and maintaining the Highways in the County of Hertford, was committed. That the Committee had agreed some Amendments to be made, and Provisoes to be added, to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's' Table. And the Amendments and Provisoes being twice read;

Ordered, That the Word " " be inserted, be-;

fore the Word " Sessions," in the Second Proviso.

Which was done.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments and Provisoes agreed to, be ingrafted.

Mr. Rigby reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for preventing Delays in Executions was committed. That the Committee had agreed Two Amendments to be made to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

The First Amendment was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The other Amendment, being to leave out the last Three Lines of the Bill, was twice read.

The Question being put. To agree to That Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill, font from the Lords, to enable Trustees to fell Lands, for Payment of the Debts Of the Lord Strangford, was read the Second time.

A Proviso, on the Behalf of Mortgagees, and other Creditors, was twice read.

Resolved, That the said Bill and Proviso be committed to Colonel Fretcbvile, Sir Philip Warwick, Sir

Churchill, Sir Edw. Masters, Sir Edm. Peirce, Sir John Heath, Sir Henry Herbert, Sir Wm. Sir John

Birkenhead, Sir John Goodrich, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Norton Knatchbull, Sir Tho. Higgons, Sir Peter Killigrew, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Mr. John Vaughan, Mr. Mr.

Street, Sir Hen. Yelverton, Sir Robert Holt, Sir John Bennett, Sir Solo. Swale, Lord Richardson, Sir Wm. Doyley, Sir Hen. Capell, Mr. Edw. Seymour, Sir John Lowther, Mr. Chetwyne, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Morrice,

Mr. Scawen, and all the Members of this House that serve for the County of Kent: And they are to meet on Friday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer-Chamber; and to summon and hear the Countess Dowager of Tennett, and other Persons con-7 L cemed j

m

Journals of the House of Commons. A. 1664.

ecmed; and to take care for the Satisfaction of the Debt due to Mrs. Andrews; and also to take Consideration of the Debt claimed by the Lady Diana Sidney; and such other just Debts as shall be made appear before them: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for Repair of Highways was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be read the Second time on Saturday next.

The Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill to enable Francis Leigh Esquire to fell Lands, for Payment of his Debts, were twice read j and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

The Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill for settling the Estate of Sir Jacob Act ley, were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

A Bill to explain the Act of Oblivion was read the Second time.

The Question being put. That the Bill be committed;

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put. That the Bill be ingrafted;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the ingrafted Bill, for his Majesty's Supply, be read on Friday Morning at Nine of the Clock.

this Supremacy,

Vznerts, 30 Februarii, 170 IIdi'

TLTAria Adriana Crispe, and Franfofe Crispe, did,

Day, take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supreir in order to their being naturalized.

Prayers.

Resolved, &c. That the Names of the said Maria A-dr'tana Crisp, and Franfofe Crisp, be inserted into the Bill of Naturalization.

The ingrafted Bill, for granting a Royal Aid unto the King's Majesty of Twenty-four hundred seventy-seven thousand and Five hundred Pounds, to be raised, levied, and paid, in the Space of Three Years, was read.

Ordered, That these Words, " have been usually rated and assessed," be inserted in the Bill, after the Word " Place."

Which was done; and the Words twice read; and agreed to.

Resolved, &c. That these Words, " deducing necessary Charges," be added, after the Word " Surplus."

Ordered, That the Word " Heirs" be added in the Bill.

Ordered, That the Word " respectively" be added in the Bill.

Ordered, That these Words, " to them respectively belonging, or which shall descend or come into the Hands or Pcffeflion of," be inserted into the Bill.

Which was done.

Ordered, That the Word " Tenth" be inserted, instead of " the First of March."

Ordered, That William Trafford be inserted a Commissioner for the County of Stafford.

Ordered, That Mr. 'Thomas be inserted a Commissioner for the County of Suffer.

Ordered, That George Johnson Esquire be inserted a Commissioner for the County of Dorsett.

A List of Commissioners, to be added to the County of Durefme, was tendered; and twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to , and the Commissioners added accordingly.

The Question being put. That the Bill do pass *,

It was resolved in the Affirmative, Nemine contradicente.

Resolved, &c. That the Title shall be. An Act for granting a Royal Aid unto the King's Majesty of Twen-

ty-four hundred seventy-seven thousand and Five hundred Pounds, to be raised, levied, and paid, in Three Years.

Resolved, That Sir Robert Pajion do carry up the Bill to the Lords.

Sabbatiy 4.0 Februarii, 170 IIdi.

Prayers.

A Petition of Thomas Carpenter, and others, Trustees, on the Behalf of themselves, and others. Creditors of King Charles the First, and Sir Allan Afjley, and Sir SampfonDarrell, was- read.

Resolved, That the said Petition be committed to Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Tho. Higgons, Colonel Robinson, Mr. Milward, Sir Tho. Tompkins, Sir Low (her. Lord Cornebury, Sir Winston Churchill, Sir Doyley, Sir John Holland, Sir Allan Broderick, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Mr. Wren, Sir Rich. Edgcombe, Sir Edw. Hungerford, Sir

Rich. Braham, Sir Wm. Stroude, Sir Wm. Sir

Solo. Swale, Sir John Coriton, Mr. Trelawny, Colonel Fra. Windham, Colonel Edm. Windham, Sir Allan Apjley,

Sir Edm. Peirce, Sir John Lowther, Mr. Bulteele, Mr. Hide, Mr. Coventry, Sir Cliff. Clifton, Mr. Pepis, Sir Rich. Oateley, Colonel Sandys, and all the Members of this House that serve for the County of York: And they are to meet at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon in the Speaker's Chamber; and to examine, What Manors aid Lands, besides those particularly mentioned in the Petition, were granted and conveyed by King Charles the First, for Satisfaction of the Debts due to the Creditors: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and to examine and report the Matter to the House, with their

Opinions therein.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Nathanael Hobart and Sir William Glascock;

Mr, Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill for making the River of Medway navigable, in the Counties of Kent and Suffer: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Mr. Crouch reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for settling the Differences between the Two Towns of Great and Little Yarmouth, touching the Lading and Unlading of Herrings, and other Commodities, was committed, That the Committee had examined and heard the Claim and Interest of both Towns *, and, upon due and serious Considerations of the whole Matter, had, with some Amendments, agreed the Bill: Which Amendments he read, with the Coherence, in the Bill; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: And the Amendments were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

The Question being put, That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrafted;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Mr. Philip Howard, fTellers for the Yeas:")

Sir John Holland, \ With the Yeas, J

Sir Wm. Doyley, f Tellers for the Noes: 7

Mr. Coventry, \ With the Noes, j

But Sir Robert Pafton, a Member of the House, appearing to be somewhat concerned in point of Interest; and having presented the Bill, with his Petition thereto annexed; and being numbered with the Yeas,

And a Question thereupon arising. Whether, by the Orders of the House, he should not have withdrawn;

And Sir Robert, to avoid' engaging the House in a Debate, freely offering to withdraw; and that no Advantage should be had by his being told with the Yeas;

And the Voices being then equal; Mr. Speaker declared himself to be with the Yeas:

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative, That the said Bill be ingrafted.

81.

80.

Luna,

17 Car.II. Journals of the

Lunce, 6° die Februaru, 170 Car. IIdl'

Prayers.

UPON Information, That the same between Sir

Napper and Sir Henry Chester being appointed to be heard Tomorrow before the Committee of Elections; but Sir John Napper could not have his Witnesses up to Town till Thursday;

Ordered, That the Cause between Sir John Napper and Sir Henry Chester, touching the Election of a Knight of

the Shire for the County of Bedford, be put off from being heard Tomorrow; and be heard before the Committee of Elections, on Thursday next in the Afternoon.

Sir Thomas Meeres reports, from the Committee to which the Bill to enable Trustees to fell Lands, for the Payment of the Debts of Mr. , wascommitted,

several Amendments, agreed to be made Part of the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in the Bill; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: And the Amendments were twice read; and, upon the Que-ftion, severally agreed to.

Refolded, That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

A Bill, lent from the Lords, for making navigable leve-ral Rivers, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Another ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, for make-ing navigable the River of M, in the Counties of Kent and Sussex, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Another ingrossed Bill, lent from the Lords, to enable Henry Lord Lotighbourough to make the River navigable

from or near Bristow Causey, in the County of Surrey, into the River of Thame, was read the First time.

Resolved,&c. That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Committee to which the Bill for makir.g Rivers navigable between Brijloll and London was committed, be revived , and do fit this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Place formerly appointed.

Ordered, That the Bill concerning de fe be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, for settling the Differences between the Two Towns of Great and Little mouth, concerning the Lading and Unlading of Herrings, and other Commodities, be read on Thursday Morning at Ten of the Clock.

Mr. Jones reports from the Committee to which the ingrossed Bill, lent from the Lords, for the Enabling of Thomas Juckes, of Trelidan in the County of

Esquire, to fell Lands, for the Payment of his Debts, and raising Portions for younger Children, was committed, That the Committee had met; and heard the Parties concerned j and carefully perused the Bill; and found no Cause to make any Alteration or Addition thereto: And delivered in the Bill at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, concerning Mr. Juckes, be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill concerning Sutton-Marsh be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for Naturalization of Dederic alias Richard Comes, and others; the Bill to prevent Delays in Executions , and the Bill for Continuance of an Act for repairing the Highways within the County of Hertford; be read Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ratcliffe reports from the Committee to which the Bill for fetding salt Marshes was committed. That the Committee had agreed several Amendments to be made.

House of Commons.

and Six Provisoes to be added to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: And the Amendments were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

The First Provilb being twice read;

Ordered, That these Words, " or be reputed to belong," be inserted in the Proviso, after the Word " do." Which was done. r

Ordered, That these Words, " and not fevered from the same," be struck out of the Provilb.

Which was done; and the Proviso, with the Amendments, upon the Question, agreed.

The Second, Third, and Fourth Provisoes were twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Fifth Provilb being twice read;

Ordered, That the Word " near " be left out of the Proviso.

Which being done;

Resolved, That the Proviso, so amended, be agreed to The Sixth Proviso, being twice read;

And the Question being put. That the Proviso be agreed to;

It pafifed in the Negative.

A Proviso, on the Behalf of the Dean and Chapter of Canterbury, was tendered; and twice read.

Resolved, &c. That the said Proviso be agreed to; and made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, &c. That these Words, " or any Your Majesty's Patentees or Assignees," be inserted in the Bill, after the Word " or, " in the Twentieth Line of the Second Folio.

W'hich was done accordingly.

Ordered, That these Words, " whereof they were in Possession the Twenty-fourth of November 1664," be inserted in the Bill, after the Word " Charges," in the Twentieth Line, Second Folio.

Which was done accordingly.

The Question being put, That the Bill, with the Amendments and Provisoes agreed to, be ingrossed;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Sir Tho. Meeres, C Tellers for the Yeas:

Colonel Strangewaies, I With the Yeas, 1 I0'*

Colonel Reames, t Tellers for the Noes: I

Sir Winston Churchill, ‘ With the Noes,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative, That the said Bill be ingrossed.

Mart is, 7 Februarii, ij° Car.W1.

Prayers.

A Petition of Thomas Grey Esquire was read.

Ordered, That this Petition be referred to the Committee of Elections; to take the same into Consideration, at their next Sitting; and to summon and hear the Parties concerned; and to examine the Matter of Fast; and report the fame, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Mayor, Chief Burgesses, and the rest of the Inhabitants of Hartlepoole, was read; and debated.

Resolved, &c. That Leave be given for bringing in a Bill for Repairing and Maintaining of Hartlepoole Pier: And that Sir Gilbert Gerrard have Leave to bring in the Bill Tomorrow Morning, to be then read.

A Bill for settling Sutton-Marsh on the Right Noble Charles Lord Duke of Richmond and Lenox was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time on Saturday next.

A Bill for the better Probate of, and registring Wills, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be committed to the same Committee to which the Bill for the Regulation of the 7 Lav*

Qrxxabz

O

Law was committed: And that it -be referred to the Committee to provide, That Wills, whereby Lands are deviled, may be proved, registred, and recorded in a Place certain, that such as are concerned may have Recourse to them, but not to alter the Jurisdiction of the Spiritual Court, in relation to the Probate of Wills, or concerning Matters testamentary: And all the Members of this House, that are Graduates in the Civil Law, are added to the Committee: And all the Members that shall come are to have Voices: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Street reports from the Committee to which the Bill for taking away Damage Cleere was committed. That the Committee had agreed some Amendments to be made, and Clauses and Provisoes to be added, to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Which, being twice read, were, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, See. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Debate of the Matter touching the Victuallers of the Navy be adjourned; and taken into Consideration on Friday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Report of the Bill for the regulating

Fees be heard Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Steward reports from the Committee to which the Bill for regulating Abuses in the Law was committed. That the Committee had, according to the Power given them, fevered the Bill committed; and had agreed Three distinct- Bills.

The one concerning Colls in trivial and vexatious Actions:

The other, to prevent the Arresting of Judgment, and Superfeding of Execution:

And the last, for preventing Miscarriages in Juries.

Which were delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

The Bill concerning Colls in trivial and vexatious Actions was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

The Bill to prevent the Arresting of Judgment, and Superfeding of Execution, was read the First time.,

Resolved',&c. That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

The last: Bill to prevent Miscarriages in Juries, being supplied by loose Papers, and not in one intire Bill;

Ordered, That the Reporter do withdraw the Bill , and bring it in again, fair writ, in an intire Bill.

A Message, from the Lords, by Sir William Child and

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have returned you the Bill for granting a Royal Aid unto the King's Majesty of Two Million Four hundred Seventy-seven thousand and Five hundred Pounds, to be raised, levied, and paid in the Space of Three Years; with some Amendments, and a Proviso: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And the Amendments, being twice read, were, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Ordered, That the Amendments be inserted into the

Bill.

The Proviso was twice read.

The Question, fcf c.That the Words " Cinque-Ports" be added to the Proviso;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, &c. That the Proviso, with this Amendment, be agreed to.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to the Committee to which the Lord s Bill is committed , viz.Lord Buckburjl, Sir James , Sir Adrian

Scroope, Mr. Ford, Mr. Eyre, Mr. Greenvill, Sir Fra.

Goodrich, Sir Wm. Stroud, Sir John , Mr.

Sir Chichester Wrey, Mr. Waller, Sir Anth. Cope, Mr. Samuel Sandys, Mr. Fra. Finch, Mr. George Pitts, Colonel Kirby, Sir Clifford Clifton.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Masters and Sir John -ther be added to the Committee to which . Bill concerning Hallage is committed.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; Sir John

Bennet, Sir Capell Luckyn, Mr. Sir John

son. Sir John Lowther, Sir 5VhOJborne, Sir Robert Sir Tho. Carew, Mr. Fowell, Dr. Ryfhton, Sir

Sir Bain. TlPockmorton, Sir Peter , Sir Roger

Bradshaigh, Mr. Whorwood, Mr. Fulke Sir Wm.

Fenwick, Sir John Napier, Sir Rich. Vivian, Mr. Bor-

lace. Sir Edw. Littleton, Sir Fra. Wenman, Sir Jeoffry Sha-kerley. Sir Nic. Cary, Mr. Morice.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning at Eight of the Clock.

Mercurii, 8° Februarii, ij° Car. IIdl.

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill for Continuance of a former Act, for repairing the Highways within the County of Hertford, was read.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be, An Act for Continuance of a former Act, for repairing the Highways within the County of Hertford.

An ingrossed Bill for Naturalizing of Dederic alias Richard Comes, and others, was read.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be. An Act for Naturalizing of Dederic alias Richard Comes, and others.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, for making the River Medway navigable, in the Counties of Kent and Sussex, was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Milward, Sir Edw. Masters, Mr. Pryn, Sir 'Tho.

Sir Tho. Tomkins, Sir Geo.Cou Sir Lane. Lake, Sir

John Mounson, Colonel Reames, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Tho. Clifford, Mr. Rigby, Colonel Robinson, Colonel Colonel Phillips, Mr. Steward, Mr. Tho. Jones, Sir Tho. Strickland, Colonel Sandys, Sir John Chichester, Sir Wm. Tirringham, Sir Geo. Reeve, Sir Rich. Franklyn, Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. Torke, Dr. Burwell, Sir Robert Holt, Colonel Whitley, Sir Fra. Goodrich, Mr. Bulteele, Mr.

Mr. Thurbane, Mr. Cornwallis, Mr. Onslow, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Fra. Clerke, Mr. Wm. Sandys, Sir Cliff. Clifton, Sir Wm. Doyley, Sir Adam Browne, Mr. Geo. Clerke, Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir Rich. Lloyd, Sir Geo. Sonds, Sir John Heath, Mr. Goreing, Sir John Duncombe, Colonel Mr: Cornwallis, Mr. Packer, Mr. Sir Win-

ston Churchill, Mr. Phillips, Sir John Coryton, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Colonel Kirkby, Mr. Street, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Lau. Hyde, Sir Tho. Dolman, Sir Hum. Bennett, Mr. Pepis, and all the Members of this House that serve for the several Counties of Kent, Sussex, and And

they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Exchequer-Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And to take care for the Preservation of the Houses, Orchards, and Gardens of such Persons as shall be concerned: And to limit a Time for the Undertakers to effect the Work, or else others to be appointed for the doing of it.

Another Bill, sent from the Lords, for making several Rivers navigable, or otherwise passable, with Boats, Barges, or Lighters, was read the Second time.

Resolved,

9

J

Resolved, &o. That the said Bill be committed to Sir John Cory I oil, Sir Cha. HarbordColonel Colonel Birch, Mr. Pepis, Sir Edw. Masters, Sir John

rick. Colonel Gilby, Sir Lane. LaSir Mr.

Steward, Sir John Norton, Mr. Sir Fra. Goodrich,

Mr. Bold, Colonel Reames, Sir Hum. Winch, Mr. Dal-mahoy. Colonel Norton, Sir Fra. Mr. Chetwyn,

Mr. Wm. Sandys, Sir Edm, Poo Sir John Heath, Sir

Wm. Gawdy, Colonel Sandys, Colonel Phillips, Sir Gower, Sir Tho. Wendy, Sir Edw, Harley, Sir John Knight,

Sir Clifford Clifton, Sir Wm.Fleetwood, Mr. Onslow, Sir John Trot, Mr. Morice, Sir Edm. Mr. Vaughan,

Mr. Weflphaling, Sir Tho. Clifford, Mr. Jones, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Progers, Sir Phil. Musgrave, Sir John Napier,

Mr. Price, Sir Tho. Tomkins, Mr. Cornwall, and dll the

Members that serve for the several Counties of tbn, Bedford, Bucks, Surrey, and Kent: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Star-Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records:

And to take care for the Preservation of the Houses, Orchards, and Gardens of such Persons as shall be concerned: And to limit a Time for the Undertakers to effect the Work; or else others to be appointed for the doing of it.

Ordered, That the Bill to enable the Lord Loughborough to make the River navigable from Causey

to the River of Thames, be read Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill concerning Costs in trivial and vexatious Actions was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be committed to the same Committee to which the General Bill for regulating the Law was formerly committed, from whom the Bill was brought in.

A Bill to prevent the Arfefting of Judgment, and Su-perfeding of Execution, was read the Second time1.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be committed to the same Committee to which the General Bill for regulating the Law was formerly committed^. from whom the Bill WaS brought In.

A Bill for the Repairing and Maintaining of Bridlington Pier in the County of Yorke was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be committed to Mr. John Vaughan, Sir John Goodrich, Sir Tho. Gower, Sir Solo. Swale, Sir Fra. Goodrick, Colonel Gilby, Sir Fra. son. Sir Cha. Harbord. Sir Hugh Bethell, Sir Tho. Higgofis,

Sir John Buncombe, Colonel Sandys, Mf. Waller, Sir Moseley, Sir Cliff. Clifton, Mr. Pepis, Sir Edw. Master, Colonel Robinson. Sir Anthr Irby, Mr. Sir Met-

calfe Robinson, Sir John Birkinhead, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Robert Holt, Sir Lane. Lake, Dr. Sir Hen.

Widdrington, Mr. Steward, Sir Phil. Musgrave, Mr. War-ton, Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. Coventry, Sir John Lowther, Sir Tho. Tomkins, Mr. Westphaling, Sir Wm. Strode, Sir Tho. Strickland, Sir John Mounson, Mr. Morice, Mr. Greenvile, Sir Tho. Hebblethwait, and all the Members of this House that serve for the County of Yorke: And all that shall come to have Voices: And they are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber, Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And to examine whether there were any Lands anciently chargeable towards the Repair of the Pier , and the Value of them; arid whether the Profits of the Lands have been applied towards this Use j or whether the Land hath been aliened , and by what Means; arid how far forth the Lands, if they can be made liable,- will be sufficient for repairing and maintaining the Pier.-

Ordered, Tint these Membefs following be added to the Committee to which the Matter was referred, to examine the Abuses in the Buying and Selling of Coal, Wood, and other Fuelviz. Wire Vaughan, Mr. Waller, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Sir Rich.

Ford, Mr. Coventry, Colonel Birch, Mr. Bofcawen, Sir Theo. Biddolphi Sir Tho. Hig Sir Tho. and

all the Members that serve for the Cities of London anci Westminster, and the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey: And it is recommended to them, or any Three of them, to treat with the Lord Mayor, and to examine the Grievances, by the Retalers, in enhancing the Prices of Coals j and such Expedients as shall be offered for Redrels thereof; and report their Opinions therein to the House. '

Ordered, That Robert Thirkill, Servant to Sir Robert Carr Baronet, do, on Friday next, attend the Committee to which the Bill for settling the Efrate of the said Sir Robert Carr was committed, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber and to give his further Attendance as the Committee shall appoint.

Ordered, That Sir John Frederick, Mr. Wynne, and Mr, Purcell, be added to the Committee of Privileges and Elections.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to the Committee to which the Petition of Thomas Carpenter, rind others, Trustees on the Behalf of themselves and others. Creditors of King Charles the First , and Sir Allan ,' and Sir Sampson Darrell, is committed *, viz. Sir Roger

Bradshaigh, Dr. RyJhton, Mr. Chetwyn, Mr. Cornwall, Mr; Rigby, Mr: Westfaling, Mr: Purcell, Mr. Price.

Jervis, 90 Februariij i j° Car. IIdi. Prayers.

A Bill for the Repairing and Maintaining of Hartle-poole Pier was read the First time.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read the Second time on Saturday next.

Mr. Crouch reports, from the Committee to which the Rill t6 enable the Heirs of Michael Molins Esquire to redeem a Mortgage, and to be relieved against a Release, was committed, That the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clefk's Table: Which Amendments, being twice read, were, upon the Question; severally agreed to.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be irigrOffed.

Ordered, That a Conference be desired to be had with the Lords, upon the Proviso, sent from them, to the Bill for the Royal Aid granted to his Majesty: And that Sir Thomas Meres do go up to the Lords to desire the Conference.

Sir Tho.Meres reports. That the Lords had agreed to'

a present Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Proviso to the Bill for his Majesty's Supply.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Meres, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Wm. Doyley, Mr. Waller, and Sir Richard Temple, be appointed to manage the Conference.

Sir Thomas Meres reports. That the Members appointed had attended the Conference with the Lords.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Nathanael Hobart and ..Wm. Glascock *,

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a present Conference with this House, upon the Subject-Matter of the iaft Conference, in the Painted Chamber: Arid have sent you down Two Bills: The one-intituled, An Act to enable the Bishop of Winton to convey One' hundred Acres of Land, lying in the great disparked Park of in the

Parish of Bishops-Waltham in the County of Southampton,

upon the Rector of the said Pafilh-Church of Bishops-Waltham, and his Successors, in lieu of all Tythes, and Payments for Tythes, due to the said Rector, and his Successors, for Waltham Parks: And the other intituled. An' Ad to enable the Lord Henry , George Withers,

*7 M and

Journals of the House of Commons. 1664.

and John Mompejfon., to fell the Manor of , in

the County of Southampton:To which they desire the

Concurrence of this House.

An ingrafted Bill for settling the Differences between the Two Towns of Great and Little Yarmouth, touching the Lading and Unlading of Herrings, and other Commodities, was read.

A Proviso was tendered to be added to the Bill; and twice read.

Sir Thomas Meres reports, from the Conference had with the Lords, That they had agreed to the Amendment made by this House, to the Proviso, lent from the Lords, to the Bill for his Majesty's Supply , and had returned the Bill back to the House.

A Message, from his Majesty, by Sir John Eyton Usher of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker,

His Majesty commands this Honourable House to attend Him forthwith, in His House of Peers.

And Mr. Speaker, with the House, accordingly went up to attend his Majesty.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to the Committee of Elections; viz. Mr. , Mr.

jler, Sir IVm. Killigrew, Mr. Sir Hen. ton, Mr. Proger.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown to make out a new, Writ, for the Election of a Member for the Town of , in the room of Mr. Roger Allejtry, deceased.

The House then proceeded in the Debate of the Proviso tendered to be added to the Bill concerning the Towns of Great and LittleTarmouth.

The Question being put, That the farther Debate of the Proviso be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock;

The House was divided. The Yeas went out. Mr. Befcawen,

Colonel William

Mr. Lau. Hyd

Mr. Wren,

101.

104.

Tellers for the Yeas: 7 With the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes: 7 With the Noes, j And so it paired in the Negative.

And then the House proceeded in the Debate. Resolved, &c. That the Blank in the Proviso be filled up with these Words, " within Three Years."

Which was done accordingly.

Resolved, &c. That these Words, " and that thereupon the Inhabitants of Little Tarmouth shall not, within Six Months after such Agreement, at their own proper Costs and Charges."

Which was done; and the Words twice read; and agreed to.

Resolved, &c. That the Proviso, with the Amendments agreed to, be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Word " Heirs" be rased out in the several Places of the Bill.

Resolved, See. That these Words, " for the Time being," be inserted in the several Places of the Bill, instead of " and their Successors."

Which was done.

The Question being put, That the Bill do pals;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

C Tellers for the Yeas: 7 J With the Yeas, 3

f Tellers for the Noes I With the Noes,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, &c. That the Title of the said Bill shall be, An Act for Settling of Differences between the Towns of Great and Little Tarmouth, touching the Lading and Unlading of Herrings, and other Commodities.

Lord Richardson, Sir Edm. Poo ley. Sir Wm. Doyley, Mr. Coventry,

no.

84.

The House being informed of a great Abuse, and Breach of Privilege, committed by some Persons, in causing a Paper to be framed, printed, and published, at the Door of the House, containing the Bill for settling the Estate of Sir Robert Carre Baronet, now under Commitment, with.

Arguments and Reasons against the fame;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges, to examine who are the Authors, Printers, and Publishers of the said Paper; and report the feme to the House, with their Opinion therein.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges have Leave to fit Tomorrow in the Afternoon, if they fee Cause.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the House do, Tomorrow Morning, bring in a List of the Bills now depending; and the House will then direct what Order they shall be proceeded in.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

V meris, 1 o° die Februa, 17 Car. IF1*

Prayers.

UPON Information, That one Francis Robinson had commenced a Suit at Law against Robert Cady; and that the same was prosecuted by Arthur Paynter, his Attorney; in which Suit Colonel Robinson, a Member of this House, is concerned;

Ordered, That all Proceedings, in the Suit brought by Francis Robinson against the said Robert Cady, be staid during the Session of this Parliament.

Ordered, That the Cause touching the Election for the Town of Berwick upon Tweed be put off till the Second Tuesday of the next Meeting of the House after the Reeds: And that the same be then heard before the Committee of Elections: And the Mayor of Berwick, and the Witnesses are then to attend: And the former Order made by the Committee of Elections, for the Hearing of this Cause, is discharged.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee to which the Petition of the Creditors of the Navy was formerly committed, to receive such Proposals as shall be offered; and report some Expedients to the House for Satisfaction of the Debts due to the said Creditors: And the Committee is revived; and they are to fit this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Steward reports, from the Committee to which the Bill touching Costs in trivial and vexatious Actions was committed, some Amendments to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered the feme in at the Clerk's Table: Which Amendments being twice read; and the Word " ," upon the Question, agreed to be added, after the Word * ," in the Amendment to the First Folio of the Bill; and these Words, " which shall be commenced after the Twelfth Day of April, which shall be in the Year of our Lord 1665," being agreed to be added to the Amendment to the Folio of the Bill.

The Amendments, with those Additions agreed to;

But some Debate arising on the Bill;

Resolved, See. That the Bill be, upon the present Debate, re-committed to the former Committee: And that the Committee be revived , and do fit this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Place formerly appointed: And it is recommended to Mr. Steward to take care of the Bill; and to report it Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Steward reports, from the said Committee, some Amendments to the Bill for preventing Arrests of Judgment, and superseding Executions: Which were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

But some Debate arising on the Bill

3 Ordered,

Ordered, That this Bill be, upon the present Debate, rc-committed to the former Committee: And that the Committee be revived; and do fit this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Place formerly appointed: And it is recommended to Mr. Steward to take care to expedite 1 the Bill i and to report it To morrow Morning.

Sir Charles Harbora reports, from the Committee to

which the Bill for making Rivers navigable in was committed. That the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place , and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Which Amendments, being twice read, were, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley, Mr. Roger , Major-General Egerton, Sir Anth. Cope, Sir and

Mr. Pitts, be added to the Committee to whom the Lord

Strangford's Bill is committed.

all the Members of this House that serve for the County of Surrey: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, &c. That the Order of the House* made Yesterday, for putting off the Cause touching the Election for the Town of Berwick upon , be discharged:

And that the Order made by the Committee of Elections, for Hearing of the Cause, shall stand.

An additional Bill for the better repairing and maintaining the Highways was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed to Sir Lake, Sir John Buncombe, Sir Allan, Sir William Lowther, Lord Fanshaw, Sir Anth. , Colonel Robin* Jon, Sir John Lowther, Sir Robert Holt, Sir Geo. , Sir John Brampston, Sir II m.Gawdy, Sir Hen. Norths Serjeant Charleton, Sir Roger , Colonel,

Sir Court. Poole, Mr. Geo. Clarke, Sir Humph. Bennett, Sir Tho.Wendy, Sir James Thynn, Mr. Morrice, Mr. Crouch,

Sir Solo. Swale, Sir Wm. Boyley, Mr. Or me, Mr. Milward,

Ordered, That the Report of the Bill for Satisfaction of a just Debt, due to Colonel Kirkby by Henry Nevil Esquire, be made the first Report Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That there be a Summons sent to the Lord St. John and Mr. Henry Seymour, to require them, at their Peril, to attend the Service of this House Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for taking away Damage Cleere was read the Third time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be. An Act for Taking away Damage Cleere.

An ingrossed Bill to prevent Delays in extending Statutes, Judgments, and Recognizances, was read the Third time.

The Question being put. That these Words, " upon a Statute hereafter to be acknowledged,? be added to the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, See. That this Proviso; viz. " Provided that this Act shall continue for the Space of Three Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, and no longerbe added, and made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be. An Act to Prevent Delays in Extending Statutes, Judgments, and Recognizances.

Resolved, See. . That the ingrossed Bill concerning salt Marines be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

Sabbatiy 11° die Februariiy ij IIdI'

Prayers.

A Bill to enable Henry Lord Loughborough to make the River and Sewer navigable from Brijloll Causey in Surrey, to the River of Thames, was read the Second time.

Resolved, Sec. That the said Bill be committed to Sir Henry Herbert, Sir Cliff. Clifton, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Colonel Sandys, Sir Wm. Lowther, Mr. Rigby, Sir Nic. Carey, Mr. Jones, Mr. Evelyn, Sir Court. Poole, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Milward, Sir Wm. Portman, Mr. Chetwin, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Solo. Swale, Sir Francis Goodrich, Mr. Buller, Mr. Moore, Sir Edm. Pooley, Mr. Gray, Sir Anth. Irby, Mr. Steward, Sir Edm. Bowyer, Lord -ton. Sir Francis Clarke, Sir Thomas Allen, Mr.

SirTho. Tompkins, Mr Seymour, Sir James Thinn, Sir Bennett, Sir John Moreton, Sir Foulke Lucy, Mr. Fox, Sir Rich. Breames, Sir John Goodrich, Sir Hen. Cap ell Mr. Jay, Mr. Crouch, Sir Robert Holt, Mr. and

Mr. Steward, Sir Fra. Clarke, Dr. Rifhton, Mr. Chetwyn, Sir Edm. Pye, Sir John Napper, Sir John Knight, Sir Rich. Ford, Sir Tho. Clifford, Sir Wm. Fleetwood, Mr. West-phaling, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Seymour, Colonel,

Colonel Kirkby, Mr. Prideaux, and all the Members that serve for the several Counties through which the Road between London and West Chester doth extend: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Exchequer-Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And the Committee are hereby impowered to lay an additional Charge of Six-pence in the Pound, besides the Six-pence per Pound already charged on the Inhabitants of the several Parishes, who are concerned in the repairing the Highways; and also to limit a Time for the Toll to cease, when the Ways are fb repaired, that they may be maintained without it.

Mr. Rigby reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for Satisfaction of . just Debt, due from Mr. Nevill to Colonel Kirkby, was committed, fbme Amendments agreed by the Committee to be made, and some Clauses to be omitted, and others inserted into the Bill, in lieu thereof.

The Amendments were twice read; and, upon tho Question, severally agreed to.

The Clauses to be added, instead of That which is to be left out, was twice read.

And there being a Blank for a Sum to be inserted;

Resolved, That the Blank be filled up with the Sum of " One thousand Pounds."

Resolved, That this Clause*, viz. " Forasmuch as it doth appear, that the said Robert Lord Lexington, Sir John

Brampston, Sir Richard Wiseman, and Sir John , have duly executed their Trust, according to the Act of Parliament; and that there is no Money remaining in their Hands be inserted in the Proviso.

Several Petitions of Sir Thomas Nevill, and others, were read, and debated.

A Petition of Sir Henry Heron was read.

And a Proviso also, on his Behalf, was read the First time.

The Question being put, That this Proviso be read a Second time,

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed j

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Sir John Talbott, Tellers for the Yeas:

Mr. Rigby,

I With the Yeas,

Sir Wm. Portman,j Tellers for the Noes: 1

Mr. Seymour, With the Noes,

42.

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put, That it be referred to the same Committee, to examine the Reality of the Debts

claimed

tfoo Journals of the House of Commons. A. 1664.

claimed by Sir Robert Cordell and Mr, Pope to be due upon Judgments; and to report the fame, with their Opinion, to the House;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Vivian, Mr. , Mr.

Crouch, Mr. Lev), Sir Tho. 'Tompkins, Mr.

Mr. Chetwynd, and Sir Tho. , be added to the

Committee to whom the Bill for Relief of poor Prisoners is committed.

Lima, 13° Februariiy 170 IIdi.

Prayers.

A Bill, sent from the Lords, to enable the Bishop of IVinton to convey One hundred Acres of Land , was read the First time.

Refolded, See. That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for Settling of Sulton-Ma on the Most Noble Charles Lord Duke of Richmond was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be committed to Sir John Goodrick, Sir Fra. Goodrick, Sir Robert G;r, Sir

Tho. Gower, Sir Winston Churchill, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir

John Rouse, Mr. Wren. Sir John Cory ton, Mr.

ling, Sir Tho. Doleman, Lord Ancram, Sir James Lord Allington, Mr. Grouch, Sir Edw. Masters, Sir Meres, Mr. Steward, Sir Clifford Clifton, Lord Mr. Vaughan, Sir Tho. Allen, Mr. Mr.

Lord Newburgh, Sir John Newton, Sir IVm. , Mr. Grey, Mr. Pepis, Sir Nicolas Steward, Mr. Reynold Gray-loam, Sir Tho. Whitmore, and all the Members of this House that serve for the several Counties of Lincolne and Cambridge: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for Uniting of Churches in Cities and Towns Corporate was read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Thomas Littleton reports, from the Committee to which the Matter touching the indigent loyal Officers was committed, That the Committee had proceeded in the Examination of the Matter , and found a great Default in some Persons, in detaining the Money to be paid in for the indigent loyal Officers.

Ordered, That it be referred to the same Committee, or any Three of them, to prepare and bring in a Bill for imprisoning the Persons, and making Sale of the Estates, and also for Imposing of Fines on such Persons as shall not, by a short Day, bring in the Money by them received, for the indigent loyal Officers, to the Treasurer appointed to receive the same; with Damages and Charges. And it is Ordered, That Mr. Cooper and Major Bayly do appear, and give in an Account, before the Committee, of the Monies by them severally received; and how much they have paid, and to whom; and what does still rest in either of their Hands. And the Committee are hereby impowered to take their Accompts: And they are revived; and to fit this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber,

Sir Job Charleton reports from the Committee of Elections, to which the Matter touching the Election of Knight of the Shire for the County of Bedford, between Sir John Napper and Sir Henry Chester, was committed. That the Committee had fully examined, and heard the Matter; and that the Committee were clear of Opinion, and did pass a Vote, Nemine contradicente That Sir John Napper was duly elected Knight of the Shire for the County of Bedford; and ought to fit.

Resolved, &c. Nemine contradicente. That this House doth agree with the Committee of Elections, That Sir John Napper was duly elected Knight of the Shire for the County of Bedford; and ought to fit.

Mr. Steward reports, from the Committee to which the Bill touching Colls in trivial and vexatious Actions was re-committed, That the Committee had agreed some Alterations to be made, and Clauses to be added, to the Bill: Which several Amendments, except the last Clause to be added, were, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

The last Clause was twice read.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be agreed to j

It palfed in the Negative.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossld.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir and Sir John Cole;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have lent you down Three Bills: The one, intituled, An Act for Regulating and Ordering of Building, and for Amending of Highways and Sewers; and for making clean of the Streets, and other Places, in and about the Cities of London and minster; and for Regulating and Licensing of Hackney-Coaches: The Second, An Act

Resolved, That the humble Thanks of this House be returned to the King's Majesty, for his great Grace, Care, and Favour, expressed, upon all Occasions, to this House: And Sir Maurice Berkley, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Prcgers, and Colonel Fretchvile, are to return the Thanks of this House to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Committee to which the Bill for Regulating the Law was formerly committed, be joined to the Committee to which the Bill for Levying of Forfeitures ..... and other Retalers of Wine, Beer, and

Ale, is committed,

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges, to examine the Matter of Breach of Privilege, complained of by Colonel Williams, a Member of this House, to be committed in the Prosecution of a Suit against him, on the Behalf of the Lord Bishop of -borough, and report the Matter of Fast, with their Opi* nions therein, to the House.

Ordered, That the Bill concerning Salt-Marshes be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That all Members of this House, who afe nominated Commissioners in the Act concerning the loyal indigent Officers, be added to the Committee to which the Matter concerning the Money due to them is committed.

Ordered, That the Matter concerning the Breach of Privilege, objecterf against Thomas Powell, be referred to the Committee of Privileges j to examine the Matter of Fast; and report their Opinions therein to the House.

Ordered, That Sir Philip Alufgrave and Sir John Lovi-ther be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for making Rivers navigable between Bristoll and London is committed.

tylartis, 14,0 dieFebruarii, 170 Car. II'1'

Pr aver s.

MR. Swinfein reports, from the Committee to which the Bill, font from the Lords, for enabling the Lord Loughborough to make a navigable Passage from

Briffow

17 Car. II. Journals of the House of Commons. 601

Bristow Candy into the River of the Thames, some The House proceeded to the reading the Amendments Amendments agreed by the Committee to be made to to the Bill to prevent Arresting of Judgment, and Super-

the Bill: Which Amendments he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table. Which Amendments were twice read j and all of them, except the Amendment to the Line of the Skin, upon the Question, severally agreed to The which Amendment was, upon the Question, rejected.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be returned back to the Lords: And Mr. Swinfein is to carry them up.

Mr. Mil-ward reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for settling the Estate of Sir Robert Carr Baronet was committed. That the Committee had met Six or Seven several times; and had, the First time of their Meeting, heard Counsel on both Sides at large, as to the Stating of the same , and given Liberty from Day to Day, at the several Times of their Meeting, for the Lady Carr to appear in Person, to produce Witnesses to be examined, and be heard. What further Ihe had to offer by her Counsel, if Ihe pleased; in which lhe had not only made Default, but her Servants and Agents in the Country had disobeyed and contemned both the Orders of the House, and the Committee; and refused to attend the Committee, or to permit any Access to be had to Sir Robert Carr: And that the Committee had examined several Witnesses j and found the Matter of FaiSt, in relation to the Fraud, Force, and Practice, used in obtaining the Deeds from Sir Robert C, to be fully proved: And that they had thereupon proceeded; and had agreed to the Bill, with Amendments to be made thereto: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Which were twice read; and, with the Addition of these Words, " or by Sale thereof, or so much thereof," after the Word ,* in the Amendment of the Line of the Sheet, the said Amendments were' twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

A Petition of Dame Mary , Wife of Sir Robert Carry was read; and debated.

And the Desire of the Petition being, That Ihe might have Liberty to produce Witnesses, and be heard, by Counsel, at the Bar of the House;

The Question being put. That the Cause shall be heard at the Bar of the House 3

It passed in the Negative.

Refolded,&c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingossed.

Ordered, That Lavington be lent for in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for his Contempt, and Breach of Privilege, in disobeying the Order of the Committee of the House3 and not permitting Colonel Williams, a Member of this House, to have Access to Sir Robert Carr Baronet.

A Petition of Sir Thomas a Member of this

House, was read.

Resolved, That Leave be given for a Bill to be brought in for Relief of Sir Thomas , according to the

Desire of his Petition.

Resolved', That the Report of Sir Richard touching the Victuallers of the Navy, be heard Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That Mr. Bagcnall have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

Ordered, That Colonel Wittian. is be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for settling Sutton-Marsh on the Aloft Noble Charles Lord Duke of Richmond is committed.

Ordered, That the Report of the Bill for regulating the Duty of Hallage be heard on Morning, at

'Ten of the Clock.

feding of Execution: Which Amendments, being twice read, were, with the Addition of thele Words, " argued in Court," after the Word " Demurrerand of these Words, " or personal," before the Word " Confdfioni" and " of the Party," after the said Word " ConfefTion*," were, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingossed.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for Relief of poor Prisoners is committed; viz. Francis Lord Vaughan, Sir Tho. Strickland, Mr. Robert Thomas, Sir John Vaughan, Sir Herbert Price, Sir Edmund Bo-wyer, Major-General Lang heme, Mr. Walter Strickland, Mr. John Lo-wther, Colonel Wm. Morgan, Mr. Arthur , Colonel Kirkby.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mercurii, 150 die Febr. 1 y° Car. IIdi. Prayers.

A Petition of Sir Charles Stanley, Knight of the Bath, was read.

A Petition to the King's Majesty, and his Majesty's Answer, was read.

Ordered, That Leave be given for a Bill to be brought in, on the Behalf of the said Sir Charles Stanley.

A Bill for reversing the Attainder of Sir Charles Stanley, touching the Death of George Symonds, was read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the additional Bill concerning the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, be read Tomorrow Morning.

The ingossed Bill, sent from the Lords, for the Enabling of Thomas Jucks, of Treliddan in the County of

Montgomery, Esquire, to fell Lands, for the Payment- of his Debts, and Raising of younger Childrens Portions, was read the Third time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be agreed to.

Resolved, See. That the House will lit this Afternoon,' to proceed on the Bill now depending.

An ingossed Bill, for restoring the right Heir of Michael Molins Esquire, deceased, unto the Equity of Re-

demption of a Mortgage of Lands in Berks, made to Sir Nathanael Brent, was read.

Resolved, Sec. That these Words, " in the High Court of Chancery," be inferred in the Bill, after the Word " Difoount."

Which was done accordingly 3 and the Words twice read 3 and agreed to.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be. An Act for restoring the right Heirs of Michael Molins Esquire, deceased, unto the Equity of Redemption of a Mortgage of Lands in Berks, made to Sir Nathanael Brent.

And Mr. Crouch is to carry up the Bill to the Lords.'

Ordered, That all Proceedings at Law, in the brought and prosecuted in the Name of Sir Thomas Grub-ham How Knight, against Francis Finch Esquire, a Mem- ber of this House, be Raid during the Session of this Parliament.

Sir Richard Ford reports, from the Committee to which it was referred to receive Proposals, and report some Expedient to the House, for Satisfaction of the Debts due *7 N to

to the Creditors of the Navy, That the Committee had agreed an Expedient, in Writing, to be reported to the House: Which he read , and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: And was as followeth } viz.

That it be reported to the House, as the Opinion of the Committee, That an humble Address be made by the l louse to the King, that it may please his Majesty to give Order, That One-half of all the Money that shall come into the Treasury of Prizes, by the Sale of Ships and Goods laden and condemned during the present War with the United Provinces, may be appointed to the Satisfaction of the Creditors of the Navy, until the Debts be fully paid, as they were formerly stated and reported by the Committee, and approved by this House-, as a Debt, which, in Honour and Justice, ought to be satisfied: And that in case the War shall be ended in Two Years, and the Debt not discharged by the Means aforesaid, that then his Majesty would be graciously pleased to appoint, that the Remainder shall be completed out of the Money to be levied for the last Three Months of the Thirty-six Months of the Royal Aid granted to his Majesty in this present Session of Parliament.

And the same being again read -, and debated;

The Question being put. To agree with the First Part of the Report, in relation to Prize-Goods;

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, To agree with the latter Part of the Report, in relation to the Three last Months Assessment of the Royal Aid *,

It passed in the Negative,

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be read the Second time on Friday next.

A Bill to enable the Chancellor of the Duchy of caster to impower Commissioners to take Affidavits in the Country was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time on Saturday next.

A Bill for settling the Navigation in the River Wye in the County of Surrey was read the First time.

The Question being put, That the Bill be read a Second time;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Sir Tho. Meres, f Tellers for the Yeas :7

Sir Rich. Temple, \ With the Yeas, 3 2®*

Sir Nic.Carey, f Tellers for the Noes :7

Mr. Balm ahoy, \ With the Noes, 3

And so it passed in the Negative.

An ingrafted Bill, sent from the Lords, *,' was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for Continuance of a former Act, for regulating the Press, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Pop Meridiem.

AN ingrafted Bill, for Sale of certain Lands in the County of Lincolne, for Payment of the Debts of Christopher Beresford Esquire, was read.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill do pals: And that tl'.e T itle shall be. An Act for Sale of certain Lands in the County of Lincolne, for Payment of the Debts of Christopher Beresford Esquire.

An ingrafted Bill, sent from the Lords, to enable the Bishop of Winton to convey One hundred Acres to the Rector of Bifsops-Waltham, and his Successors, in lieu of all Tythes, and Payments for Tythes,'due to the said Rector, and his Succefifors, for was read

the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be committed to Mr. James, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir John Goodrich, Mr. John Vaughan, Sir Tho. Littleton, Colonel Fretzvile, Sir Nic. Carey, Colonel Sandys, Sir Rich. ‘Temple, Sir Fra. Goodrich, Mr. Balm ahoy, Sir Winston Churchill, Sir John Birk-

inbead. Sir John Mounson, Sir John Norton, Colonel Norton, Sir Tho. Bolman, Mr. Rigby, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Allan Apfley, Mr. Hyde, Sir John Sir Tho. Meres,

Sir Edm. Bowyer, Sir John Knight, Mr. Wm. Sandys, Sir

Allan Broderick, Sir Tho. Gower, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Surrey and Southampton: And they are to meet at Two of the Clock Tomorrow in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for confirming a Settlement between'1 the Earl of Thanett and his younger Brothers was read the First time.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrafted Bill, sent from the Lords, to confirm an Act to enable Joseph Mickletbwait, an Infant, and his Trustees, to fell Lands, for Payment of his Father's Debts, was read the First time.

Ah ingrafted Bill, sent from the Lords, for Regulating and Ordering of Building, and for Amending of Highways and Sewers; and for Making clean of the Streets, and other Places, in and about the Cities of London and Westminster; and for Regulating and Licensing of Hackney-Coaches; was read the First time.

But it appearing, that the said Bill was to impose and continue a Tax upon the People, which ought to have begun in this House j

Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Bill be laid aside.

Ordered, That it be referred to Sir Thomas ,'

Nix. Vaughan, Sir John Benham, Sir John Birkinbead, Sir Lane.Lake, Sir Winston Churchill, or any Three of them, to look into the former Acts touching the Streets and Highways in and about the Cities of London and Westminster -, and to bring in an additional Bill for the better Repairing and Maintaining of the fame.

A Bill for Repairing of Hartlepoole Pier was read the Second time.

The Question being put, That the Bill be committed ] The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Sir Gilbert Gerrard, f Tellers for the Yeas: 7 Sir Winston Churchill, \ With the Yeas, J Sir Wm. Hickman, f Tellers for the Noes: 7 ,

Sir John Knight, \ With the Noes, 28‘

The Question being put, That Candles be brought in j The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Sir Tho. Meres, £ Tellers for the Yeas: 7 Sir Gilbert Gerrard,\ With the Yeas, J

Sir Tho. Allen, f Tellers for the Noes: 7

Sir John Knight, \With the Noes, J 4*

And so it passed in the Negative.

Jovisy

Jovis, 16° die Febr 17 II4‘.

Prayers.

A Bill for Regulating of Juries was read the First time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be read the Second time.

An ingossed Bill, for fetdilig the Estate of Sir Robert Carr Baronet, was read.

A Proviso, for taking care of the Person of Sir Robert Carr Baronet, was twice read.

Refolded, &c. That these Words, " for the Time being," be added to the Proviso, after the Word " Chancellor."

Which was done; and the Words thrice read; and agreed to.

Resolved, &c. That these Words, " or Lord Keeper of the Great Seal," be added.

Which was done; and the Words thrice read; and agreed to.

The Question being put. That the Proviso be read a Third time,

L It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put. That the Bill do pass;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Sir Tho. Littleton, CTellers for the Yeas:")

Lord Ancram, \ With the Yeas, f

Sir Robert Holty fTellers for the Noes:7 , Mr. Pepis, \ With the Noes, j

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, &c. That the Title shall be. An Act for settling the Estate of Sir Robert Carr Baronet.

And Mr. Milward is to carry up the Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Bill for making Rivers navigable in the County of Cornewall be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill for Satisfaction of a just....., due to Colonel RichardKirkby, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill concerning Bedford Level be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Committee to which the Matter touching Abuses in Buying and Selling of Coal, Wood, and other Fuel, was committed, do meet this Afternoon at Two of die Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingossed Bill, to prevent Arrests in Judgments, ' and superseding Executions, was read.

Ordered, That the Words " Five and " be added to the Bill.

Which was done.

A Proviso, for making the Bill temporal, was thrice read.

Resolved, &c. That the said Proviso be added to the

Bill.

Resolved, Scc. That the Bill do, pass: And that the Title shall be. An Act to prevent Arrests of Judgments,

and superseding Executions.

An ingrafted Bill, for limiting of Costs in trivial and vexatious Actions, was read.

Resolved, See. That these Words, " which shall be certified by the Justice or Justices before whom the same shall be tried," be inferred in the Bill

A Proviso, on the Behalf of Constables, and other Officers, was thrice read.

Resolved, See. That the Proviso be added to the Bill. Another Proviso, concerning Actions, where full double or treble Coils are given by any Statute since the 43d Eliz.was thrice read.

Resolved, &c. That the Proviso be added to the Bill.

Another Proviso, for making the *

Resolved, Sci.:That the Bill do pass: And that the

5

Title shall be. An Act for the Limiting of Costs in trivial and vexatious Actions,

And Mr. Dowdeswell is to carry up both the Bills to

the Lords.

A Bill for impowering the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster to nominate Commissioners for the taking Affidavits in the Country . read the Second time;

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Ingram, Serjeant Charleton, S'w , Sir Lake,

Mr. Mil-ward, Mr. Pepis, Sir John Talbott, Sir Fra. Goodrich, Mr. Chettwyne, Colonel Fretchvile, Mr. Rigby

Colonel Robinson, Mr. Ford, Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. Pryn,

Sir John Birkenhead, Sir John Heath, and all the Members of this House that lerve for the several Counties of Lancaster, Chester, Derby, and Fork, and all the Members of this House that are of the Long Robe: And they are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Report of the Lord StrangfortTs Bill be heard the first Report Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges, to examine, at their next Sitting, the Matter of Breach of Privilege, complained of to be committed by Walter Devereux, Robert Devereux, Robert Archer, and

Ralph Gregg, in commencing and prosecuting a Suit at Law, in which the Interest of Mr. Lucy, a Member of this House, is concerned , and to report the fame, with their Opinions therein, to the House: And that all further Proceedings in the said Suit be staid during the Session of this Parliament.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for making navigable Rivers between Brijtoll and London is committed; Sir Cliff. Clifton, Sir Tho. Clifford, Sir Cefar Colclough, Sir Alien Broderick, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Colonel Robinson, Mr. Bold, Mr. Bulteele, Mr. Collins, Mr. Mr. Henley, Mr. Milward.

Vznerisy 170 Febr. 170 Car* IId!.

Prayers.

A Bill for reversing the Attainder of Sir Charles Stanley, Knight of the Bath, touching the Death of George Symonds, was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill be committed to Lord Ancram, Sir Tho. Higgons, Sir Geoff. Sir Anth.

Irby, Sir Roger BradJ,haw, Sir Solo. Swale, Sir

Lord Richardson, Sir Tho. Clifford, Sir John T,albott. Sir Cliff. Clifton, Sir John Goodrich, Sir Fra. Goodrich, Sir John Heath, Sir Phil. Musgrave, Sir John Monson, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Robert Carr, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Robert Howard, Lord Spencer, Lord Cornebury, Sir John Corryton, Sir Tho. Gower, Mr. Morrice, Sir Wm. -ther, Mr. Seymour, Colonel K Mr. Rigby, Mr. Pro-gers. Colonel Reames, Mr. Henley, Colonel Norton, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Collingwood, Mr. , Mr. Vaughan,

Mr. Hide, Mr. Coventry, and all the Members of this House that serve for the County Palatine of Lancaster: And they are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber at Two of the Clock this Afternoon , and to summon and hear such Persons as are concerned: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingossed Bill, for making navigable the Rivers and Watercourses in the County of Cornewall into the Sea, was read the Third time.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be. An Act for making navigable the Rivers and Watercourses in the County of Cornewall into the Sea.

A Bill

6c>4 Journals of the House of Commons. A.

A Bill for Uniting of Churches in Cities and Towns Corporate was' read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Sir lien. Herbert, Colonel Robinson, Sir Swale, Sir

Allen, Sir Cliff. Clifton, Lord Sir Hen.

Sir John Heath, Mr. Rigby, Major , Sir John 'Tal-

bott, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Hump. Bennett, Mr. St. John, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Wm. Lowther, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Sey-meur, Sir James Thyn, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir John Goodrich, Sir bra. Goodrich, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Colonel Kirk-

by, Mr. Pepis, Sir John CoritonMr. Collins, Sir Edm. Boivyer, Lord Allington, Colonel Williams, Mr. Jones,

Mr. Packer, Mr. Turgis, and all the Members of this House that are of the Long Robe: And all the Members that shall come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, to enable the Lord Loughborough to make the River from Bristow Causey into the Thames navigable, with the Amendments agreed by this l louse, was read the Third time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments, be returned back to the Lords.

And Mr. Rigby is to carry up the Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

A Bill for permiting Persons that shall lend Money for Supply of his Majesty's Occasions, to take above Six Pounds per Cent. Interest, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be read the Second-time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill, ori the Behalf1 of Sir Rcberl Cordell, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill concerning Salt-Marshes be read Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock.

An additional Bill for the better repairing and maintaining the Streets and Highways, in and and about the Cities of London and Westminster, was read the First rime.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morn.-ing. Eight of the Clock.

Mr. Rigby reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for enabling the Chancellor of the Duchy to impower Commissioners to take Affidavits in the Country was committed, some Amendments to be made to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table. Which Amendments were twice read , and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrafted.

Sabbatic 18° die Februar, i y° Car. IIdl.

Prayers.

A Bill for Continuance of a former Act:, for preventing Abuses in printing seditious, treasonable, and unlicensed Books; and for Regulating of Printing, and Printing-Prefles; was read the Second time.

And no Exception being taken thereto;

Resolved, Sec. That the said Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Ford reports, from the Committee to which the ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, to enable Trustees for the Lord Strangford to fell Lands, for Payment of Debts, was committed, some Amendments agreed by the Committee to be made, and Provisoes to be added, to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table. Which Amendments were twice read; and, with the Addition of the Word " decreed," instead of " declared," in the Proviso, upon the Question, severally agreed to '

Resolved, &rc. That there be an Addition, to the Amendments, of a Debt of Fifty Pounds, due to Mr. Thomas France.

Which being done; and the Bill, with the Amendments agreed, were read a Third time.

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed, be returned back to the Lords.

An ingrafted Bill, for Satisfaction of a just Debt due by Henry Nevill Esquire to Colonel Richard was

read the Third time.

Resolved, &c. That Sir Roger of Haigb in

the County of Lancaster, be added in tfte Bill, instead of Sir John Talbott.

Which was done; and the Words thrice read; and agreed to.

* A Proviso was tendered, on the Behalf of Robert Clayton, John Morrice, and Elizabeth and thrice read.

The Question being put, That the Proviso be made Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put. That the Bill do pals;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

C Tellers for the Yeas

\ With the Yeas, }

f Tellers for the Noes: 7 c \ With the Noes, j

Sir Rich.Temple,

Mr. Rigby,

Sir Tho. Allen,

Mr. Pryn,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, See. That the Title shall be, An Act for Satislaction of a just: Debt due by Nevill Esquire

to Colond Richard Kirkby.

Sir Humphry Winch reports, from the Committee to which the ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, for making divers Rivers navigable, or otherwise passable, for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, some Amendments agreed to be made, and Provisoes to be added, to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Which Amendments and Provisoes were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Another Proviso, for saving the Rights of the City of London, was tendered.

Ordered, That the Word " to" be inserted, instead of " or," in the Proviso.

The Question being put. That the Proviso be added, and made Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Lord Ancram reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for reversing the Attainder of Sir Charles Stanley, Knight of the Bath, touching the Death of George Sym-monds, was committed, That the Committee had carefully perused the Bill, and found no Error therein; and had returned the Bill, without any Amendment.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Milward reports, from the Committee to which

the Bill for Relief of poor Prisoners was committed, some Amendments to be made, and a Proviso to be added, to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

The Amendments were twice read; and all of them,' except the Amendments to the Line of the First Folio, and to the Sixteenth Line of the Seventh Folio, which were, upon the Question, received, were, upon the Second Reading, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

A Proviso was twice read.

The Question being put, That the Proviso be added to, and made Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Mr. Milward have Leave to bring in some Provisoes, ingrossed, to be added to the Bill.

A Pro-

A Proviso, to make the Bill temporary for Three Years, was twice read.

Resolved, See. That the Proviso be added to, and made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill, with the Amendments and Provisoes agreed to, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by *

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down the Act for Continuing of a former Act, for repairing the Highways within the County of Hertford-, with some Amendments, and a Proviso: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And that the Lords have also commanded us to acquaint you, That they have agreed to the Amendment, made by.this House, to the Bill for enabling the Lord Loughborough to make a River navigable in Surrey.

An ingrossed Bill for settling Salt-Marshes was read the Third time.

Resolved, &c. That the Word " Seven" be made " Two," in Line of Skin, and in the Line of

Skin.

Resolved, See. That the Words " and Your Majesty, Your Heirs and Successors in the Reversion of the fame," be inserted, in the Line of the Skin, after the Words " *

Resolved, &c. That, in the Line of the Skin, the "Word " deriving" be made " having."

Resolved, See. That, in the Line of the Skin, these Words, viz. from Your Majesty, or Your Majesty's Royal Progenitors," be left out.

A Proviso tendered, for laving the Rights of Sir John Levingfion to Marsh-Lands in Suttott-Gedney, was thrice read , and, upon the Question, agreed to, and made Part of the Bill.

A Proviso, for saving the King's Right in the Soil of the Port of Plymouth, was thrice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to, and made Part of the Bill. \

A Proviso, on the Behalf of Sir Henry for

saving his Rights in Breading-Haven in the Isle of was thrice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to, and made Part of the Bill/

A Proviso, for saving the Rights of the Heirs of Dymock, to his Lands in Sutton and Gedney, was thrice read , and, upon the Question, agreed to, and made Part of the Bill.

A -Proviso concerning Bedford Level was thrice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to, and made Part of the Bill.

A Proviso, for Sir Wm. Sto be added to the Proviso concerning Plymouth Soil, tendered; and thrice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to, and made Part of the Bill.

The Question being put, That the Bill do pass,

The Yeas went out.

Sir Anth. Irby, f Tellers for the Yeas: 7 r

Sir Tho.Meeres, \ With the Yeas, j '

Sir Wm. Killigrew, J Tellers for the Noes: )

Mr. Progers, \ With the Noes, 4

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title shall be. An Act for settling Marsh-Lands der ferted by, or gained from, the Sea.

A Message from the Lords, by

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have

Ordered, That the Bill for taking above Six Pounds per Cent. Interest for Money lent to supply his Majesty, be read on Monday Morning at Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Report of the Bill for settling the Commonable Grounds of Epw and Gringley be heard on Monday Morning next.

And then the House' adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Lunce, 2o° die Februarii^ 17- 11".

fXRdered, That Sir John Brampfton do carry up the Bill for settling Marsh-Lands deserted by, or gained from, the Sea, to the Lords.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, for confirming a Deed of Settlement between the Earl of Thanett and his younger Brothers, was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill be committed to Sif Philip Musgrave, Sir Tho. Clifford, Sir Rich. Ford, Sir

Solo. Swale, Sir John Heath, Sir Tho. Higgons, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Cha. Harbord, S Lake, Sir Hen. -pell. Sir Tho. Gower, Sir Edw. Seymour, Lord , Mr. Fowell, Mr. Musgrave, Mr. ,- Mr. West*

phaling. Colonel Gilby, Mr. Crouch, Mr. St. John, Sir Theo. Biddolph, Sir Cliff. Clifton, Sir Hen. Herbert, Sir Rich. Oateley, and all the Members of this House that serve for Sussex and Kent: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill, lent from the Lords, for Confirming of an Act to enable Joseph Micklethwaite, an Infant, and his Trustees, to fell Lands, for Payment of his Father's Debts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, Sec. That the said Bill be read a Third time Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill, for impowerirrg the Chancellor of the Duchy to grant Commissions for taking Affidavits in the Duchy-Liberty, was read.

Resolved, Sec. That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be. An Act for impowering the Chancellor of the Duchy to grant Commissions for taking Affidavits in the Duchy-Liberty.

An ingrossed Bill, for Continuance of a former Act for regulating the Press, was read.

Resolved, Sec. That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be, An Act for Continuance of a former Act for regulating the Prels.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, to enable the Lord Henry Pawlett, George Withers, and John Mrnpefson, to fell the Manor of Abbott'was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Sir Tho. Higgons, Sir Solo. Swale, Lord Ancram, Sir Clifton, Sir Tho. T ompkins, Sir Tho. OJbome, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir John Talbott, Sir Tho. Wendy, Sir Geoff. Shaker ley. Sir Geo. RyvSir Tho. Strickland, Sir Cefar Colclough, Sir Tho. Clifford, Sir Jo. Rous, Sir

Lowther, Sir Wm.Doyley, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Fra. Goodrich, Sir Robert Brooke, Sir Wm. Killigrew, Lord St. John, Mr. Pepis, Colonel Phillips, Major-General Egerton, Mr.

Onslow, Colonel Grey, Mr. Scawen, Colonel Leg, Mr. Cornewallis, Mr. Collins, Colonel Gilby, Sir Hen. Capell, Sir Jo. Norton, Mr. Hide, Sir John Bennett, Sir Tho. Meeres, Sir Rich. Oateley, Sir John Birkenhead, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Westphaling, Colonel Kirkby, Mr. Sandys, and all the Members of this House that serve for the Counties of Southampton and Wilts: And they are to meet at Two of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill, for restoring Sir Cha. Stanley in Blood, was read.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pals: And that the Title shall be. An Act for restoring Sir Charles Stanley in Blood.

A Bill for Regulating of Juries was read a Second time.

7 O,

Journals of the House of Commons. 1664.

60 6

Refolded, &c. That the said Bill be committed to the same Committee to which the general Bill for regulating the Law was formerly committed: And that the Committee be revived and do meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Colonel Legggand Colonel Williams have the Leave of this House to attend, and be examined as Witnesses before the Lords, in the Cause there depending, touching the Estate of Sir Robert Car Baronet: And that Mr. Sollicitor-General and Mr. have Leave

to attend the Lords as Counsel irt that Cause.

morrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Solomon Swale reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for confirming a Deed of Settlement between the Earl of Thanctt and his younger Brothers was committed.

That they had carefully perused the Bill, and found no Cause to make any Amendments thereto: And delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table,

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for regulating foine Proceedings in Courts of Equity was read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Francis Goodrick reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for Repairing and Maintaining of Bridlington Pier was committed, some Amendments agreed to be made, and Provisoes to be added, to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

The Amendments and Provisoes were twice read , and, with the Addition of the Word <c continue," and the Words " to the full Value," in the last Proviso, were, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Question being put, That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrafted j The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

"Tellers for the Yeas:?

With the Yeas, 3 Tellers for the Noes: /

With the Noes, 3

SxrTho. Go

Sir/hz. G

Sir Wm. T Sir Rich. F,

67.

*15-

And so it passed in the Negative.

Mr. Secretary Morrice informs die House, That he had Command from his Majesty to acquaint them. That his Majesty conceived it would be as agreeable to the Inclination of the House, as it is suitable to Ills Occasions, that there should be a speedy Recess: And that therefore his Majesty had resolved. That the House should rife; and that there should be a Recess positively on To-mor-row-sevennight.

A Bill for permitting such Persons, as shall lend Money to l'upply his Majesty's Occasions, to take above Six Pounds per Cent. Interest, was read the Second time.

The Question being put. That the Bill be committed;

It was refelved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put. That die House do relblve into a Committee of the whole House, in order to the Debate of the Bill;

It palfed in the Negative.

Rcfohcd, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Vice-Chamberlain, Lord CaflletMr. Jo.

Lord Fitzharding, Sir Jo. Knight, Sir James Tbyn, Secretary Morrice, Sir Too. Strickland, Sir Sir

Tho. Clifford, Sir Solo. Swale, Sir Rich. Ford, Sir Rich.

'Temple, Sir Robert Howard, Sir Jo. Sir Winft.

Churchill, Sir Jo. Talbott. Sir Phil. Sir Jo.

Charlelon, Sir Man.Berkley, Sir Tho. Gower, Sir John

Goodiick, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Sir

Edm. Pooley, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Nic. Cary, Sir Robert

Barncbam, Sir Hen.North, Colonel Fretcbvile, Mr., Vaughan, Colonel Legg, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Progers, Colonel Windham, Mr. Seymour, Colonel Birch, Colonel Reanies, Mr. Win. Ashburneham, Mr. Wren, Mr.

ward, Mr. Steward, Colonel Williams, Mr. Bulttelc, Mr. Trrcor, Colonel Sandys, Mr. WejColonel Windham, Colonel Phillips, Sir Wm. , Sir Allan Broderick, Sir John Lowther, Sir Tho. Tompkins, Sir John

Nupper. Sir Rich. Qately, Sir Peter Killigrew: And all the Members of this House, that shall come to the Committee, are to have Voices: And they are to meet To-

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Martis, 210 die Februariiy 170 Car.

Prayers.

MR. Steward reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for settling Sutton-Mar/hon the RightNoble Charles Lord Duke of Richmond, Two Clauses: One, for laving the Right of Tythes to , and other Towns and another, for laving the Right of the Lady Dacres Which read, with the Coherence; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's. Table. And the Clauses, being twice read, were, with the Addition of these Word*, " with the Members thereof,". in the Proviso touching the Town of Sutton, were, upon the Question, agreed to.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill, with the Amend* ments, be ingrafted.

Sir John Talbot reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for the true making of Brick and Tile was committed, several: Amendments agreed by the Committee to be made, and a Clause to be added, and Clauses left out of the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered the feme in at the Clerk's Table: Which Amendments were twice read; and, upost the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrafted. - .

Ordered, That Leave be given for bringing in a Pro* vjfo to make the Act temporary.

Mr. Milward reports,' from the Committee to which the Bill, lent from the Lords, for making navigable the River Medway in the County of Kent and Stffx, ..... some Amendments agreed to be made, and Provisoes to be added, to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Placej and after, delivered the feme at the Clerk's Table: Which were twice read; and, with the Addition of Sir John Rivers Baronet, to be a Commissioner for Kent, were, upon the Question, agreed to.

Another Proviso, for an Appeal from the Commissioners to die Judges of the Assizes, was tendered} and twice read.

Resolved, See. That these Words, " or before the next ensuing Assizes to be holden for the feme County," be added in the Proviso.

Which was done.

Refelved, See. That the Proviso, so amended} be agreed

to.

Sir Thomas Meres reports, from the Committee to which the Bill, sent from the Lords, to enable the Bishop of Winston to convey One hundred Acres of Land to the Rector of Bishops-Waltham, in lieu of all Tythes so* Waltham-Parks, was committed, some Amendments agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill: Which were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

2 A Bill

4

A Bill to explain the Act touching die Excise was read the First time.

Resolved, See. That the Ciid Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Crouch reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for uniting Churches in Cities, Towns Corporate, and Market-Towns, was committed, some Amendments agreed by the Committee: Which lie tead, with the Coherence, in his Place , and after, delivered the same at the Clerk's Table: Which Amendments were twice read , and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved,&zc. That the said Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Sir John Newton have the Leave of this House to attend, and be examined before the Lords, in the Cause there depending, upon the Bill for settling the Eftale of Sir Robert Carr Baronet.

A Mefifage from the Lords, by Sir Wm. Child and Sir Nathanael Hobart*

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill, intituled, An Act for Draining of the Fen called Fen, and other Fens therein mentioned: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Sir Robert Atkins reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for regulating Juries was committed, some Amendments agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill: "Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place* and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table. And the Amendments were once read.

The First Amendment to the Line of the Folio was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That these Words, " in their own or their Wives Right," be inserted in the Amendment.

The Question being ..., That Lease-Lands for Years do stand in the Amendment;

It paired in the Negative.

But some further Debate arising, in relation to the Mif-carriages of Undef-Sheriffs, and touching better Recompence tb such as shall serve on Juries, and none but Freeholders to be admitted to serve as Jurors

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be re-committed to the former Committee, or any Five of them: And the Committee are hereby revived; and to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber r And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records;

Mcrcuriiy 2 2° die Feb, 17* IId

they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clot!; in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to take into Consideration the Petition of the Farmers of MitLtlesex , and also the Petition of the Hackney-Coachmen: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingossed Bill, to secure the Improvement of Marsh in the County of Lincolne,v/as read.

Resolved, &c. That these Words, " now Wife of David Walter Esquire," be added, in the Proviso for saving the Right of the Lady D acres: And that the Words "or Trustees " be added, after the Word " Afilgns," in the Proviso.

Ordered, That these Words, " and also to all other Persons," be added, after the Word " Trustees," in the Proviso.

Which-was done.

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill do pals: And that the Title shall be. An Act to secure the Improvement of Sutfon-Marsh in the County of Rtncolne.

And the Lord Ancram is to carry up the Bill to the Lords.

Sir Job Charlelonreports, from the Committee to which

the Bill for permitting such Persons, as shall lend Money for Supply of his Majesty's Occasions, to take above Six Pounds per Cent. Interest, That the Committee had agreed some Amendments to be made, and Clauses to be added, to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Which Amendments were twice read and, upon the Question, agreed to.

A Proviso tendered, to be added to the Bill, was read.

The, Question being put, That the Proviso be read a Second time '

The House was divided.

The Yeas \yent out.

Sir Rich. Temple, f Tellers for the Yeas:'

Sir Wuijl. Churchill, \ With the Yeas,

Sir Rich.Vivian, ^Tellers for the Noes,

Sir John Knight, £ With the Noes, J '

And so it passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed j The House was divided.

.; The Yeas went out.

Sir Allan Broderick, T Tellers for the Yeas:

Mr. Whcrwood,\ With the Yeas, j T‘

Sir tVinft. Churchill, f Tellers for the Noes:

Sir Lane. Lake,'_ \ With the Noes, j

And so it passed in the Negative.

eas:7 r

82,'

A Bill for regulating some Proceedings in Courts of Equity was read the Second time.

And no Exception being taken thereto;

Resolved, See. That the said Bill be ingrossed.

An additional Bill for the better repairing, cleansing, and maintaining the Highways, Streets, and Sewers, in and near the Cities of London and was read

the Second time.

A Petition of the Farmers of was read.

Resolved, Sec. That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Treasurer, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Sir Philip

Warwick, M. John Vaughan, Sir Geo. Sir Hen. bert, Sir Tho. Gower, Sir Wm. Killigrew, Sir Edm. Bow-yer. Sir Rich. Temple, Mr. MSir Lake, Sir Cha. Harbord. Sir Winflon Churchill, Mr. Hide, Sir Solo. Swale, Mr. Onslow, Colonel Sandys, Mr. Fox, Sir Cliff. Clifton, Mr. Pryn, Sir John Bennett, 'Six Robert Atkins, Sir Hen. Cap ell. Sir Rich. Franc klyn. Sir Theop. Biddolph, Sir Thomas Carew, Lord Richardson, Sir John T,albott, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Harbord, Colonel Windham, Sir Jo. Knight, Mr. Graham, Mr. Hordes, Mr. And

.; ,.:Post Meridiem.

AN ingrossed Bill, for the true and well Making of Brick and Tile, was read.

A Proviso, to make the Bill temporary, was thrice read.

Refohed, See. That the said Proviso be agreed to, and made Part of . the Bill.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be. An Act for the true and well Making of Brick and Tile.

An ingossed Bill, sent from the Lords, fof making divers Rivers navigable, or otherwise. pafiable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, with Amendments and Provisoes made by this House, was read the Third time.

Resolved, &c. That these "Words, " or from any other Profit arising from any Part thereof," be left out, in the Tenth Line of the Sixth Press, after the Word " Wharf-Houses."

Resolved, See. That these Words, " or Weara, Mills, or other Profits whatsoever," be added in the Twenty-

third

third Line of the Third Press, after the Word " Hereditaments."

A Proviso, on the Behalf of the City of , was

flu ice read; and agreed to.

Resolved, See. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, do pass: And that the feme be returned back to the Lords for their Concurrence.

A Bill to explain a former Act touching the Excise was read the First and Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Colonel Birch, Sir Phi. Warwick Sir Robert Sir

Job Char let on. Sir Pho. Cower, Sir , Sir Solo. Swale, Sir Pho. Higgons, Sir Jo. Goodrich, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Phomas Allen, Sir Edm. Bowyer, Sir John Knight, Sir Fra. Goodrick, Wlr. -Mil-ward, Mr. Finch, Mr. Scawen, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Jones, Mr. Musgrave, Colonel Bisjhop, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Nicolas Carey, Color el Robinson, Sir Jo. Pialbott. Sir Rich. Oate-ly, Mr. Whorwood: And all the Members of this House that shall come to the Committee, are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

yovis, 2 30 die Februar, 170 Car. IP1*

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, lent from the Lords, to confirm an Act, intituled, An Act to enable Joseph waite, an Infant, and his Trustees, to lefl Lands, for Payment of his Father's Debts, was read the Third time. Refohed,&c. That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title be agreed to.

An ingrossed Bill, for regulating some Proceedings in Courts of Enquiry, was read.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be. An Act for regulating some Proceedings in Courts of Equity. -:

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, for Draining of the Fen, called Deeping-Fen, and other Fens therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, Sic. That the said Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for Relief of poor Prisoners was read.

A Proviso, to enable Justices of Peace to take Accompts between Creditors and Debtors, was twice read.

The- Question being put, That the Proviso be made Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Proviso, That the Coming before, or Returning of Prisoners from the Justice of Peace, shall be no El'cape, was thrice read , and some Amendments agreed to be made thereto.

Resolved, &c. That this Proviso be made Part of the Bill.

A Proviso, on the Behalf of the Marshal of the King's Bench, Warden of the Fleet, and other Gaols, was twice

read.

An Addition to the said Proviso was twice read-, and

agreed to.

Resolved, &c. That the Proviso, with the Addition, be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That these Words, " and personal Notice' given, or Notice in Writing left at the last known Place of his Abode," be added in the Bill.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be, An Act for the Relief of poor Prisoners.

A Petition of Major Norton Esquire was read.

Ordered, That this Petition be referred to the Committee of Elections to take the same into Confederation

at their next Sitting , and to summon and hear all Parties concerned; and to examine the Matter of Fast; and report the lame, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to the Committee to whom the Bill concerning the Lord Edward Pawlett is committed -, Sir IVych, Mr.

Low, Mr. Oakeley, Sir Cyril Bisjhop, Mr. Seymour, Mr. wyne, Mr. Payler, Mr. Grey, Mr. Goring, Mr. Pitt, Mr.

Croke, Mr. Mi (ward, Mr. Bofcawen.

Ordered, That the Bill for Uniting of Parishes in Cities, and Towns Corporate, be read the first Bill Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morn.-ing, Eight of the Clock.

Veneris, 24.0 die Februarii, 170 Car. IIdi-

A N ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, to enable the £\_ Lord Bishop of Winton to settle One hundred Acres of

Land on the Rector of Bishops-in lieu of the Tythe of Waltham Parks, with the Amendments made by

this House, was read the Third time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be agreed to.

And Mr. Sandys is to carry up the Bill to the Lords.

An ingrossed Bill, for Uniting of Churches in Cities^ and Towns Corporate, was read.

The Question being put,. That the Clause in the Bilk for Ministers to reside constantly, and officiate at the Church, do stand in the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

And that Clause was rased out of the Bill.

Resolved, See. That these Words, " and the Parishes thereto belonging," be added to the Bill.

Ordered, That these Words, " within the said Corporation or Liberties thereof," be added to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Words " or Officers " be. inferred into the Bill, instead of " called Aldermen."

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be. An Act for Uniting of Churches in Cities, and Towns Corporate.

Ordered, That the Committee to which the Bill touching the Highways, Streets, and Sewers, in and near the Cities of London and Westminster, be revived; and do fit this Afternoon: And these Members following;are added to the Committee , viz. Sir Edm. Sir Edtv.

poole. Sir V/m. Doyley, Sir Job Charlctqn, - Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Pho. Meres, Sir Telverton, Sir Edm. Peirce, Sir IVtn.Fleetwood, Sir Antb. Irby, Sir Jo. Denham, Mr. Musgrave, Mr. Wren, Mr. Phomas, Mr.

ley, Mr. Chetwyn, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Colonel

Phillips, Mr. Croke, and all the Members of this House that serve for the City of London: And all that shall come, are to have Voices.

Sir Job Charleton reports from the Committee of Privi-

leges, That the Committee had examined the Matter of Breach of Privilege, complained of to be committed by: Walter Devereux, and others, in commencing and pro-,

fecuting a Suit at Law, in which the Interest of Richard Lucy Esquire, a Member of this House, is concerned: That the Committee did find. That the Suit was commenced; and that Mr. Lucy was turned out of Possession of certain Lands in the Manor of in the County of

Warwick, belonging unto him the said Mr. Lucy, during the Privilege of Parliament: And that the Committee had agreed Two Votes to be reported, as their Opinions, to the House: Which he read, in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: And the.feme, being again read, were as followeth; viz.

1. That Mr. Richard Lucy ought to be restored to his Possession.

2. That

2. That if Walter Devereux, and Robert Devereux, Lessorand Leflec in the Ejectment, upon Notice, either personally given, or left, at their respective Houses, or usual Places of Abode, of the Order of the House herein, do not restore the Possession of the Lands afore-mentioned within Two Days after such Notice, then they shall Hand committed to the Serjeant at Arms, till they refiorc the Possession to the said Mr. Lucy.

Resolved, See. That this House doth agree with the Committee, That Mr. Lucy ought to be restored to his Puflftfiion; and that, if Walter and Robert De-

ne ere ux, being Lessor and Lessee in the Ejectment, upon Notice, either personally given, or left at their respective Houses, or usual Places of Abode, of the Order of the House herein, do not restore the Possession of the Lands afore-mentioned within Two Days after such Notice, then they shall Hand committed to the Serjeant at Arms, till they restore the Possession to the said Mr. Lucy.

Ordered, That all further Proceedings at Law against Mr. Lucy, in relation to the Lands afore-mentioned, be

staid.

Sir John Birkenhead informs the House, That the Commissioners, nominated in the Act touching the loyal indigent Commission-Officers, had proceeded in the Examination of the Matter touching the Money to be distributed amongst the said Officers , and had agreed upon a Report to be tendered to die House: Which he read in his Place j and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: And the same being read j

Resolved, 6cc. That the Committee of this House, to which the Matter touching the indigent loyal Officers was formerly committed, be revived-, and do meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Place foimerly appointed; and do hate the Cafe, upon the Act of Parliament touching the indigent loyal Officers; and whether the Powers in the said Act have been pursued; and whether there have been any Miscarriages committed in receiving or paying the Money; and by whom: And to fend for and examine such Perl'ons as shall be complained of, or concerned and report the Matter to the House: And that Sir Robert , and Mr. Pryn, be added to the Committee: And Mr. Pryn is desired to take care thereof.

The Amendments and Provisoes, sent from the Lords, to the Bill for making navigable the River Avon from Christ-Church to New-Sarum, were twice read; and, upon

the Question, agreed to -, and then read the Third time.

Resolved, &c. That the Amendments and Provisoes be agreed to; and made Part of the Bill.

Sir Thomas Iliggcns reports, from the Committee to which the Bill to enable the Lord Henry , George

Withers, and John Mompeffon, to fell the Manor of Ab-bolts-Anne, was committed. That they had carefully perused the Bill; and found no Cause to make any Amendments thereto: And delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be read a Third time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Pryn reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for Regulating of Jurors was re-committed. That the Committee had agreed fbme Amendments to be made thereto: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Anti then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbati, 2$* Februarii, 170 Car. Ildl.

Prayers.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments and Pro-viso, be returned to the Lords; and their Concurrence desired therein.

A Proviso, lent down from the Lords, to the Bill for Continuance of a former Act for repairing the Highways in the County of Hertford, was thrice read.

Resolved, &c. That the said Proviso be agreed to, and made Part of the Bill.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, for Draining of the Fen called Deeping Fen, and other Fens therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Robert Car, Sir Hump. , Sir John

Norton, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Hen. , Sir Solo. , Lord Ailing ten. Sir Robert HoltSir Bayn.

Sir JVm. Hickman, Sir Edm. Pooley, Sir Jo. Newton, Sir Rich. Oateley, Sir Adrian Scroope, Sir Phil. Musgrave, Sir Jo. Birkenhead, Sir Lane.Lake, Sir Cha. Sir

Tho. Wendy, Sir Maur. Berkley, Sir Robert Mr.

Pryn, Mr. Pepis, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Cliff. Clifton, Sir James Thynn, Mr. Milward, Mr. Jay, Mr. Mr.

Sandys, Sir Edm. Peirce, Sir Tho. Tompkins, Sir Jo. Bennett, Sir Jo. Napper, Mr. Geo. Montague, Mr. St. John, Mr. Crouch, and all the Members of this House that serve for the several Counties of Torke, Bedford,

and Cambridge: And they are to meet at Two of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Tho. Meres reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for better regulating and collecting the Duty of Excise ..... some Amendments agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Which Amendments were twice read* and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Ordered, That these .....," that from and after the Eighth Day of November, which shall be in the Year of our Lord 1665," be inferred in the Bill.

Resolved, See. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

The Question being put, That Samuel Lavington, now in the CuHody of the Serjeant at Arms, for his Contempt in disobeying the Order of the Committee of this House, be discharged,

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms do bring Samuel Lavington, and have him in Readiness, on Monday Morning, to be called to the Bar of this House for his Contempt of the Order of the Committee, and Breach of the Privilege of this House.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Child and Sir Just. Lewen;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have returned you the Bill for fetding the EHate of Sir Robert Carr Baronet with fbme Amendments and Additions: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House: And have also commanded us to acquaint you. That they have concurred with this House in the Bill for settling the Differences between the two Towns of Great and Little Yarmouth.

Sir John Talbott reports from the Committee to which the Bill for regulating the Duty of Hallage was committed, That the Committee had agreed some Amend--ments to be made to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Reading and Debate of this Bill be heard on Monday Morning at Ten of the Clock.

AN ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, for making The House did then proceed to the Second Reading of the River Medway navigable, in the Counties of the reff of the Amendments to the Bill for regulating Kent and Sussex, with fbme Amendments, and a Proviso, Juries: Which, upon the Second Reading, were, upon the agreecf by this House, was read a Third time. Question, severally agreed to.

7 P Resolved,

6io Journals of the House of Coitmions. 1664.

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill, with the Amendments

agreed to, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Wm. Child and Sir Mondeford Brampfior.;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have returned you the Bill for Naturalising of Dederic alias Richard Comes, and others; with some Amendments; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House: And have also commanded us to acquaint you, That they have concurred with this House to the Alterations and Provisoes, sent from this House, to the Bill for making divers Rivers navigable; The Bill for enabling the Bishop of to settle One

hundred Acres of Waltham Parks on the Rest or of Bi-shop-Waltham, in lieu of Tythes for the Aid Parks; and To the Bill for enabling Trustees for the Lord Strangford to fell Lands for Payment of Debts.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Meeres do carry up to the Lords the ingrossed Bills for making the River Medway navigable, in the Counties of Kent and; for the making the River Avon navigable from to

New-Sarum; and for Continuance of a former Act for Repair of the Highways in the County of Hertford; with the Amendments agreed by this House: And that he do also put the Lords in mind of these Four Bills; viz. The Bill for taking away Damage Cleere; To prevent Delays in extending Statutes, Judgments, and Recognizances; For preventing Arrests of Judgments, and superseding Executions; and The Bill touching Costs in trivial and vexatious Actions: And desire the Lords to give Dispatch to those Bills.

Ordered, That Mr. StewardSerjeant Mr.

Coring, and Mr. Thom. Jones, be added to the Committee of Privileges and Elections.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Lunee, 2 70 die Februarii) 1 j° Car. If*.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for the better ordering and collecting the Duty of Excise was read.

Resolved, Sec. That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be. An additional Act for the better ordering and collecting the Duty of Excise.

And Sir Thomas Meres is to carry up the Bill to the Lords.

Sir Anthony Irby reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for draining the Fen called , and other

Fens therein mentioned, was committed, several Amendments agreed to be made, and a Provilb to be added to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: And the Amendments and Provilb were twice read , and, upon the Question, with some Additions made at the Table, severally agreed to.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments and Proviso agreed, be read a Third time Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, to enable the Lord Henry Paw let t, George Withers, and John Mom-pejfon, to fell the Manor of Ain the County of Southampton, was read the Third time.

And the Word " other," the Words " any Estate," and these Words, " by way of Limitation, and not as Lessee," being agreed to be added, by way of Amendment, in several Places in the Bill;

A Provilb was also tendered on the Behalf of Mr. Foylo; and once read.

The Question being put, That the Provilb be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, do pass: And that the Title be agreed to.

And Sir Thomas Meres is to carry up the Bill to the Lords.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Wm. Child and Sir Thomas EJlcourt;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down Two Bills: The one, intituled, An Act for Repealing of Part of the Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act directing the Prosecution of such as are accountable for Prize-Goods; and the other, intituled, An Act for enabling the EarL of Mulgrave and Sir Hugh Chohnley to make Leases to the King: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

The Amendments, Clauses, and Provisoes, sent from the Lords, to the Bill for settling the Estate of Sir Robert Carr Baronet, were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to; and after, read a Third time.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be returned to the Lords.

And that Sir Tho. Clifford carry this Bill up to the Lords.

An ingrossed Bill for returning able and sufficient Jurors was read.

Ordered, That these Words, " in their own Name, or in Trust for them, " be inserted in the Bill.

A Proviso, to make the Bill temporary, was twice read. Resolved, Sec. That the Proviso be agreed to, and made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill do pass: And that the-Title shall be* An Act for returning able and sufficient Jurors.

Mr. l/ivingtonwas called in to the Bar of this I louse:

And, kneeling at the Bar, Mr. Speaker did declare unto him, That he had disobeyed the Order of the Committee of this House; and refuted to let Colonel Williams have Access to Sir Robert Carr, when it was in his Power: And that this was made appear at the Committee; and was lb reported to the House, and justified in the House, by Colonel Williams.

And being withdrawn;

The Question being propounded. That Mr. Lavington be, for his Offence and Misdemeanor, sent to the Tower; The Question being put. That the Question be put;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Mr. Lavington be called in to the Bar of this House; and have a Represension from Mr. Speaker: And that Mr. Speaker do acquaint him, That the House is not at all satisfied with his Answer and Excuse, but that his Offence deserves a severe Punishment; yet, at the Mediation, and Request of Sir Robert Carr the younger, and for no other Cause, the House was content to remit his Offence, and discharge him frOmtheCu-stody of the Serjeant at Arms, paying his Fees.

And Mr. Lavington was called in; and, kneeling at the Bar, Mr. Speaker did declare the Opinion and Order of the House, to the Effect before-mentioned.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, for Repealing of Part of an Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act directing the Prosecution of such as are accountable for Prize-Goods, was read the First time.

Resolved, Sec. That the said Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to the Committee for Privileges and Elections; SixRich. Powle, Sir Theop. Biddolph, Mr. John Jonest, Mr.

Mr. Robert Roberts, Sir C,efar Lord Allington,

Sir Nicolas Steward, Mr. Anchitell Grey, Sir John Maynard, Mr Goring, Mr Kendall, Sir Co-

lonel Norton.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Martis, 2$° Februarii,1 Car. Udl.

Pr aye r s.

A N ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords* to enable the f\, Earl of Mulgrave and Sir Hugh Cholmeley to make Leases to the King, was read the First time.

Resolved, Stc. That the said Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill, lent from the Lords, for Repealing of Part of an Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act di-redting the Prosecution of such as are accountable for Prize-Goods, was read the Second time.

And no Exception being taken thereto;

Refolded', 8rc. That the said Bill be read a Third time* at the next Time of the Sitting of the House.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, for the Draining of the Fen, Called Deepitig-Fen, and other Fens therein mentioned, with the Amendments and Proviso agreed by this House, was read a Third time.

Ordered, That William Mount ague Esquire be added a Commissioner for the County of Northampton., in the Amendments.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments and Proviso agreed, be returned to the Lords.

And Sir Anthony Irby is to carry up the Bill.

Sir Richard Ford reports, from the Committee to Which the Bill for Regulating of Measures, and preventing Abuses by Vintners, and other Retalers of Wine, Beer, and Ale, is committed, some Amendments agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Which Amendments were twice read: And all the Amendments (except the

Three last, which were rejected) were, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Refolded, See. That the last Clause in the Bill, which does relate to Justices of Peace, be omitted.

Resolved, See. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

A Message, from the Lords, by Sit Mundefdrd fion and Sir Nathanael Hobart-, Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a present Conference1 with this House, in the Panted Chamber, upon the Bill for settling the Estate between the Earl of Thanett and his Brothers j and also upon a Message received from his Majesty.

The Messengers being again called in, Mr. Speaker acquainted them, That the House had agreed to a present Conference with the Lords, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Waller, Mr. , Sir Solomon Swale, Sir John Heath, Sir Robert Sir Thomas

Meres, and Sir Thomas Higgons, be appointed to manage

the Conference.

Sr Thomas Higgons reports, from the Conference had with the Lords, That the Lords did adhere to the Bill, as to the keeping in the Words " Lord Clifford" with the Addition of the Words " of Landefbr ought" And did offer a Proviso to be added to the Bill; to which they desired the Concurrence of this House.

And did further acquaint the House, That the Lords did declare the Effect of a Message, which they received from his Majesty to be, That his Majesty, for many weighty Reasons, was resolved the Houses should continue their Sitting no longer than Thursday

And the Amendments and Proviso, being delivered in at the Clerk's Table, and being read Three times, were, upon the Question, agreed to.

Ordered, That a Conference be desired to be had with the Lords, upon the Subject-Matter of the last Conference upon the Amendments and Proviso, sent from the Lords, to the Bill for the Earl of Thanett: And that the Persons

formerly nominated do manage the Conference And Sir Thomas Higgons is to go up to the Lords to desire a Conference.

Resolved, See. That his Majesty be humbly desired to Appoint a general Day to be solemnly observed in all Churches within England, Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweede, to implore the Blessing of God upon his Majesty's Fleet, and naval Forces, employed against the Dutch: And that the Lords Concurrence be desired therein, by the Persons appointed to manage the Conference to be had with the Lords, upon the Bill concerning the Earl of Thanett.

A Bill for regulating the Assize and Measure of Wood and Coal was read the First and Second time.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill be committed to Mn Waller, Sir Tho. Higgons, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Tho. Clifford, Mr. Seymour, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Norton Knatchbull, Sir Richard Ford, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Vaughan, Colonel Sandys, Mr. Henley, Sir Sir Wm. Thompson, Sir Tho. Gower, Mr. Jolly, Mr. Piercy

Goring, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Turgis, Sir Rich. Temple, Sir John Talbott, Sir Geo. Ryve, Sir John Knight, Sir Maurice Berkley, Sir Cha. HarbordSir Lane. Lake, Sir Edm. Pooley, Sir Edm. Pye, Sir Nicolas Carew, Mr.

Whorwood, Sir John Heath, Sir Churchill, Sir Nicolas Steward, Colonel Edm. , Sir Theop.

dolph, Sir Rich. Browne, Mr. Mr. And

all the Members that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Colonel Birch, Sir Edward Harley, and Sir Wm. Killigrew, be added to the Committee for Privileges and Elections.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mercurii, 10 Mar lit, 1664.

Prayers.

MRS. Mildred Dingley did, this Day, take the Oaths

of Allegiance and Supremacy, in order1 to her being naturalized.

And a Certificate being produced and read in the House, of her having received the Sacrament;

And the Bill of Naturalization.being returned from the the Lords, with some Amendments,

Resolved, &c. That the Name of Mrs. Mildred Ding-ley be added to the Bill of Naturalization: And that the Amendments, sent from the Lords, having been twice read, be agreed, with the Addition of her Name.

Sir John Birkenhead reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for ascertaining the Measure, and setting a Price on Coals, was committed, some Amendments, agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered the some in at the Clerk's Table: Which Amendments were twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

Resolved, Stc. That the said Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossfed.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, for Repealing of Part of an Act, directing the Prosecuting of such as are accountable for Prize-Goods, was read the Third time.

Resolved, See. That theft Words, " or Exchequer*" be added by way of Amendment to the Bill.

Resolved, Stc. That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass: And that the Title be agreed to.

An

1

6iz Journals of the House of Commons. 1664.

An ingossed Bill, sent from the Lords, to enable the A Message from the Lords, by Sir Mundeford Bramp-Earl of Mulgrave and Sir Hugh Cholmeley to make Leases and Sir John Cole

to his Majesty, was read the Second time. Mr. Speaker, The Lords have returned you Two Bills;

The Question being put. That the Bill be committed-, the one, A Bill to prevent Arrests of Judgments, and fu-It passed in the Negative. perfeding Executions , and the other, A Bill to prevent

Delays in extending Statutes, Judgments, and Recog-

An ingrafted Bill to prevent Abuses in Retalers of Wine, Beer, and Ale, and other Liquors, was read a Third time.

The Question being put, That the Bill do pass;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Report concerning the Election for the Town of St. Ives be heard Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Mundeford fton and Sir John Cole,

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint you, That they do agree to a present free Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject-Matter of the last Conference upon the Bill concerning the Earl of Thanett, and a Conference upon the Message to be sent to his Majesty:

And have also commanded us to acquaint you, That they agreed to these Bills following; The Bill for regulating the Press; The Bill to enable the Chancellor of the Duchy to enable Commissioners to take Affidavits in the Country , To the Amendments, sent from this House, to the Bill for making the River Medway navigable; To the Amendments to the Bill for draining the Fen, called Deepr g-Fesm, and other Fens therein-mentioned; and To the Amendments to the Bill for enabling the Lord Henry Pawlett, and others, to fell the Manor of;

and also To the additional Bill for ordering the Excise.

Ordered, That the Persons formerly nominated do manage the Conference with the Lords.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Mundeford Btamp-fton and Sir John Cole;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords do agree with this House upon the Subject-Matter of the last Conference; and have appointed Three Lords to attend his Majesty with the Message to be sent for a general Day to implore the Blessing of God upon his Majesty's Fleet, and naval Forces, against the Dutch-, and desire this House would appoint a double Number of dieir Members to join with the Lords: And have sent the Lord Chamberlain to his Majesty, to know his Pleasure, When he will be attended.

Ordered, That Mr. Pryn, Lord Mr. Edw.

Seymour, Sir John Birkenhead, Mr. Progers, and Sir Thomas Clifford, be appointed to join with the Lords, to attend his Majesty.

The Amendments, sent from the Lords, for restoring Sir Charles Stanley in Blood, were twice read and, upon the Question, agreed to.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be returned back to the Lords.

And the Lord Ancram is to carry them up.

And then the House adjourned till Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Pc'ftMeridiem.

AN ingossed Bill, for regulating the Measure and Prices of Coal, was read.

And several Amendments were, upon the Question, agreed and made to the Bill, at the Table.

And a Proviso was tendered: And, being twice read, was, with some Amendments, agreed to be added, and made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pals: And that the Title shall be, An Act for the regulating the Selling of Sea-Coals by Retale.

nizances; with some Amendments; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And the Lords have also commanded us to acquaint you, That they have agreed To the Amendments, sent from this House, to the Bill for Naturalization; and To the Bill concerning Prizes.

The Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill to prevent Arrests of Judgments, and superseding Executions, were twice read -, and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

The Amendments, and Proviso, sent from the Lords, to the Bill to prevent Delays, in extending Statutes, Judgments, and Executions, were twice read: And all, except the last Proviso, concerning the Lord were,

upon the Question, severally agreed to.

The Question being put. That the Proviso concerning the Lord Rotchford be agreed to -,

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That a Conference be desired to be had with the Lords, upon the Proviso concerning the Lord Rotchford: And Sir Job Charleton, Mr. Pryn, Sir Tho. Clifford, and Sir John Birkenhead, are to manage the Conference.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Jovis,2° die Martiii I y° Car. II-.

Pr AYERS.

MR. Pryn reports, That they had been to attend his Majesty: And that his Majesty received the Mef-sage, touching a Day to be appointed for imploring the Blessing of God upon his Majesty's Fleet, very graciously j and declared. He would appoint a time to be solemnized accordingly.

Sir John Birkenhead reports, from the Committee to which the Petition of William Newman, Thomas Carpenter, and John Brewer, Trustees, on Behalf of themselves, and others. Creditors of King Charles the First, and of Sir Allan Apfley, and Sir Sampson Darrell, Co-Patentees for the Victualling of his late Majesty's Navy, was committed. That the Committee had agreed Two Votes to be reported to the House: Which he read, and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: And were as followeth; viz.

1. That the Forestof Gualtres, in the County of Yorke, was legally fold, at a valuable Consideration: And that neither these Creditors, nor any others, are to expect any further Satisfaction from the Purchasers of the said Forest, or from such as claim under them.

2. That Mr. Thomas Austen, late Trustee for Sir Allan Apfley, for the Sale of the said Forest of Gualtres and Newington-Barrow, and other Manors, was privy to the original Trust reposed by his late Majesty in Sir Allen Apfley, and others, for Sale of the said Manors, to pay the said Creditors of the Navy.

And the same being again read -,

Resolved, See. That Leave be given for bringing in a Bill for Relief of the said Creditors.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Mondeford Bramp. ston and Mr. Cole;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have returned you the Bill concerning Jurors, with some Amendments; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House:

And have also commanded us to acquaint you. That they have agreed with this House in leaving the Proviso on the Behalf of the Lord Rockford, out of the Bill to

prevenf

prevent Delays in extending of Statutes, Judgments, and Executions: And have agreed with you in the Bill for Seting the Price on Coals.

The Amendments to the Bill concerning Jurors were twice read j and, upon the Question, severally agreed toj and read a Third time.

Sir John Birkenhead reports, from the Committee, for

Relief of the truly loyal indigent Officers, That the Committee had agreed upon Two Votes to be reported to the House: Which he read; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Which Votes were as followed , viz.

1. That the pretended Letter of Attorney, made in the Name of many truly loyal indigent Officers within the County Palatine of Chefieris forged and counterfeit.

2. That the Payment made upon the said counterfeit Letter of Attorney was neither according to the Act of Parliament, nor according to the Commissioners Warrant fitting in the Star-Chamber.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir John Eyton, TJfher of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker,

His Majesty commands this Honourable House to attend Him forthwith, in His House of Peers.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the Lords, to attend his Majesty; who was pleased to prorogue the Parliament to the One-and-twentieth of June next ensuing.

21° die Junii, 17* Caroli Regis.

His Majesty having, the Second Day of March last, prorogued the Parliament to this present One-and-twentieth Day of June; and, by his Proclamation, have-ing since declared his Pleasure for the further Prorogation thereof to the First of August next ensuing; his Majesty was allb further pleased to grant a Commission to certain of the Lords, to declare his Pleasure for proroguing the Parliament to the said First Day of August.

And the said Lords, commissionated by his Majesty, with divers other Lords, being met in that House; and Mr. Speaker, with divers Members of the House of Commons, being met in this House;

A Message was sent from the Commissioners authorized by his Majesty, to desire the Presence of Mr. Speaker, and such Members as were met in the House of Peers.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the Members of this House, went up to attend the Lords: And his Majesty's Commission was there read; whereby the Parliament was prorogued to the First Day of August next.

Martis, i° die Augujli, 17° Caroli Secundi

Regis.

HIS Majesty having, the One-and-twentieth Day of June last, prorogued the Parliament to this present First Day of August , and, by his Proclamation, having since declared his Pleasure for the further Prorogation thereof to the Third Day of next ensuing; his Majesty was also further pleased to grant a Commission to certain of the Lords, to declare his Pleasure for proroguing the Parliament to the said Third Day of

And the said Lords, commissionated by his Majesty, with divers other Lords, being met in that House , and Mr. Speaker, with divers Members of the House of Commons, being met in this House;

A Message was sent from the Commissioners authorized by his Majesty, to desire the Presence of Mr. Speaker, and such Members as were met in this House, in the House of Peers.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the Members of this House, went up to attend the Lords: And his Majesty's Commission was there read; whereby the Parliament was prorogued to the Third Day of October next.

Lur.de, 90 die,

Anno Regni Car. Ild‘ 17

Prayers.

A Bill for the better Tryal and Conviction of such Persons as shall be indicted for Petit Treason, Murders, and Felony, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time on Thursday next.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Child and Sir Nathanael Hobart,

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a present Conference with this House in the Astronomy-School, upon Occasion of a Message they have received from his Majesty this Morning.

The Messengers being again called in , Mr. Speaker acquaints them. That the House had agreed to a present Conference with the Lords, in the Astronomy-School.

Ordered, That Mr. Sollicitor-General, Sir Job Charle-ton, Mr. Waller, Mr. Pryn, Sir Robert , and Mr.

Milward., do manage the Conference with the Lords.

Mr. Sollicitor reports, from the Lords, That the Effect of the Conference was, to impart a Message, which they had received from his Majesty, for both Houses to attend him at Christ-Church, Tomorrow Morning at Nine of the

Clock.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Writ, for Election of a Burgess to serve for the Borough of Stamford in the County of Lincolne, in the room of Mr. William Stafford, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant

to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Writ, for

Election of a Knight to serve for the County of

in the room of the Lord Fanshaw deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Writ, for Election of a Knight to serve for the County of Derby, in the room of the Lord Fretzvile, he being called up to the House of Peers.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Writ, for Election of a Burgess to serve for the Borough of -ton in the County of Cornewall, in the room of the Lord Arlington, he being called up to the House of Peers.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Writ, for Election of a Burgess to serve for the Borough of Helfton in the County of Cornewall, in the room of Thomas Robinson

Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Writ, for Election of a Burgess to serve for the Town of Montgomery in the County of Montgomery, in the room of Mr. John Purcell, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Writ, for Election of a Baron to serve for the Cinque-Port of,

in the room of the Lord Fitzharding, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Writ, for Election of a Baron to serve for the Cinque-Port of Sandwich, in the room of Mr. Edward Mountague, deceased.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

*7 0.

Cia Journals of the House of Commons. A. 166$.

Alar/is, 1 o° die,

Anno Regni Caroli Secundi Regis 17".

Prayers.

THE House being met; Mr. Speaker, with the House, went to attend his Majesty at Mr. Speaker reports. That, fearing he might do his Majesty an Injury, if he should trust his Memory to repeat what he had delivered to both Houses, he had obtained the Favour from his Majesty to have his Speech in Writing.

Which Mr. Speaker having read;

Resolved, Sec. That the humble and hearty Thanks of this House be returned to his Majesty, for his Care and Conduit in die Preservation of his People, and the Honour of this Nation: And that this House will aftift his Majesty with their Lives and Fortunes against the Dutch, or any others that shall aftift them, in Opposition to his Majesty.

Resolved, See. That the humble Thanks of this House be also returned to his Majesty, for the Care he hath had of the Person of his Royal Highness the Duke of Torke.

Resolved, See. That a Message be sent to the Lords, for their Concurrence to these Votes: And that Sir Thomas Thompklns do go up to the Lords to desire their

Concurrence.

Resolved, &c. That the Matter of the King's Majesty's Speech, and Supply, be taken into Consideration, the first Business, Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mercurii, 11° die OEiobris, 17" Car. II41.

Prayers.

JhEfolved, &c. That a Committee be appointed to in-I*- speci: the Act of primo Jaco, concerning the Plague; and to prepare and bring in an Act to supply the Defects of that Act; and to provide Remedies to prevent the Spreading of the Contagion: And that it be referred to Sir Lancelot Lake, Sir Robert , Sir Wm.

Mr. Ycrkc, Mr. Mil-ward, Mr. Sir Tho. Allen, Sir

Tho. Dolman, M r. Kendall, Sir Tho. Littleton,

Mr. Crouch, Sir John Denham, or any Five of them:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Divinity-School: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, Sec. That it be referred to Mr. Torke, Mr. Pryn, Mr. George, Sir Lan. Lake, Mr. , Sir Wm.

I.owther, and Mr. Mil-ward, or any Three of them, to pertife the Bills which had Dependance last Session > and to present such as are of most Consequence to be dispatched.

Ordered, That a Committee of Elections and Privileges be appointed of the Members following; Lord Gorge, Lord Cornbury, Mr. Steward, Mr. Pryn, Sir Tho. Allen, Mr. Milward, Sir Hen. JVorfley, Sir John Harrison, Mr. Tho. Coventry, Mr. Sollicitor-General, Lord,

SxrJVm. Haywood, Sir Rich. Temple, Mr Sir Brodrick, Mr. Bofcowen, Sir Serjeant Maynard, Colonel Strangwayes, Mr. Scudamore, Sir Robert Howard, Colonel Robert Phillipps, Mr. Noell, Sir Edm. Pearfe, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Majfy, Sir Lan. Lake,

Sir Wm. Fleetwood, Sir John Mr. Francis

Finch, Sir Robert Atkins, Mr. , Sir Tho. Dol-

man, Mr. Robert Crooke, Sir Philip Warwick, Mr. Collins, Sir Rich.Francklyn, Sir John Ernly, Mr. Philipps, Sir John Nicholas, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Geo. Courthop, Sir Tho. Gower, Mr. Taylor, Sir Edw. Bish, Colonel Phillipps, Mr. Waller, Colonel Wyndham, Mr. Sir

Geo. Downing, Sir Rich. Mtleverer. Sir Tho. Littleton,

Sir Rich. Oatley, Sir John Knight, Colonel Legg, Sir Wm. Smithy Mr. Garaway, Sir Cyril Sir Edm. Pooly,

Sir Will. Drake, Sir John Holman, Mr. Ashburnham, Mr. Pleydall, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Mr. Laur. Hyde,

Mr. Hobby, Mr. Wren, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Nicolas Steward, Sir Nic. Carew, Sir Hen. Lee, Sir Coventry, Sir Kelligrew, Sir Winsion Churchill, Sir John Talbot, Mr. Taylor, Sir Hen. Wood, Mr. Daniell, Mr. Mr.

Lowe, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Mr.. Herbert, Sir Nic.Crispe, Mr. Spencer, Mr. Mr.

Lovelace, Sir Rob. Holle, Mr. , Sir Geo. Stone-

house. Sir Francis Clarke, Sir Marm. Darcy, Mr. Bullen Reames, Sir Rich. Braham, Mr. Glascock, Mr. Hyde, Mr. Vice-Chamberlain, Mr. George, Sir Allen Brodrick, Sir John Pelham, Sir John Napper, Mr. Pitts, Colonel Lane, Mr. Progers, Mr. Treasurer, Colonel Strangwayes, Mr. Choone, Mr. Kendall, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Burnaby, Lord Ancram, Sir Rob. Pajlcn, Sir Rich. Malcverer, Serjeant Charleton, Mr. Coleman, Sir Richard Sir Hen.

Newton, Sir Charles Cctterell, Sir Edw. Thurland.

Resolved, See. That this Committee do meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the School i and every Tuesdays and Thursdays at Two of the Clock, in the Place before-mentioned: And do take into Consideration all such Matters as shall or may come in Question, touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges , and to proceed upon double Returns in the first Place -t and report their Proceedings to the Ploufe. And all Persons that will question double Returns already made, are to do it in Fourteen Days next , and so in Fourteen Days after any new Return shall be brought in And the Committee is to have Power to receive Petitions; and ter fend for Witnesses, Papers, and Records, for their Information; and to make Report of any Matter which tnay concern Breach of Privilege. And all Members that are returned for Two or more Places, are to make their Elections by This-day-three-weeks, for which of the Places they will serve; provided there be no Question upon the Return for the Place. And if any thing shall come in Question, touching the Return, or Matter of Privilege, of any Member of this Committee, such Member is to withdraw from the Committee, during the Time the Matter which concerns himself is in Debate.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do fit every Monday at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do fit every Wednesday in the Afternoon at Two of the

Clock, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do fit every Friday in the Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the House.

The House then took into Debate the Matter of his Majesty's Speech, and Supply.

Resolved, See. That a present additional Supply shall be given to his Majesty, suitable to his Occasions.

Resolved, §ec. That the Proportion of the King's Supply shall be named here in the House.

Resolved, Sec. That the Sum of Twelve hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds shall be given to his Majesty, for his present Supply.

Resolved, Sec. That the Sum of Twelve hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds, for his Majesty's Supply, shall be raised by a proportionable Addition to the monthly Assessment, to begin at Christmas next.

Ordered, That Mr. Sollicitor-General do forthwith prepare and bring in a Bill, in pursuance of the Votes for his Majesty's Supply.

A Mcf-

17 Car. II. Journals of the

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Childe and Sir Nat. Ilobart;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint you, That they do concurr in the Two Votes conceived by this House: And have resolved to go, in a full Body; and desire that this House would accompany them, to present the Votes to his Majesty: And, to that End, will send to know his Majesty's Pleasure, When he will be attended; and will give notice thereof to this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

JcvtS) 12° die OBobrisy 170 Car. If*.

Prayers.

A Bill for taking away of Damage Cleere was read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, for the better enabling Clergymen to recover their Tythes: And it is referred to Mr. Dowdfwell, Mr. Serjeant Maynard, and Mr.

Coleman, to prepare and bring in a Bill.

A Bill for the better Tryal and Conviction of such as are indicted for Petit-Treason, Felony, and other Crimes, was read the Second time.

The Question being put. That the Bill be committed j The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

j Tellers for the Yeas: \ r t With the Yeas,

Sir Lancelot Lake,

Sir Hen. W, Sir Nic. Carey,

Sir Robert,

5 Tellers for the Noes: ? , t With the Nnes. > bI'

With the Noes,

The Voices being equal -, Mr. Speaker gave his Voice with the Yeas.

And so it was Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Soilicitor-General, Mr. Serjeant Maynard, Mr. Serjeant Charleton, Mr. Coleman, Mr. Heath, Mr. Waller, Sir John Birkenhead, Mr. Milwa Sir Edward Thurland, Mr. Secretary Morris, Mr. Crooke, Sir Rich. Temple, Mr. Philip Howard, Sir John Talbot, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir John Knight, Mr. Scowen, Mr. Crowch, Colonel Phillipps, Mr. George, Mr. Serjeant Moreton, Mr. Torke, Mr. Dowdfwell, Sir Lan. Lake, Mr. Pryn, Sir Rob. Atkins, Sir Robert Howard, Mr. Serjeant Sir Gower,

Colonel Birch, Sir Rob. Holt, Sir Edmund Pearfe, Mr. Garway, Sir Edm. Pooley, Mr. Andrew Newport, Mr. Choone, Colonel Wyndham, Sir Thomas Lee, Sir John Napper, Sir Thomas Dyke, Mr. Westphaling: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Law-School: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And to take care, that, upon any Conviction upon this Act, there shall be no new Forfeiture.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Wm. Child and Sir Nath. Hobart -,

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint you. That his Majesty hath appointed Three of the Clock this Afternoon, for both Houses to attend him in Christ-Church-Hall.

Ordered, That the House do meet at Two of the Clock, in order to attend his Majesty, in a Body, at Three this Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do deliver out the Writ, /or Election of a new Member for Kellington in Cornewall.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Writ, for Election of a Burgess to serve for the Borough of Beralfton in the County of Devon, in the room of Colonel Richard Afundell, he being called up to the House of Peers.

House of Commons.

Ordered, Sec. That Mr. Speaker do ifiiie out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Writ, for Election of a Knight to serve for the County of Sommerfett, in the room of the Lord Pawlett, he being called up to the House of Peers.

[And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Veneris, 13"0 die OBobris, 17° Secundi.

Prayers.

CfRdered, That Mr. Speaker do deliver out the Writ, for Election of a new Baron for the Cinque-Port of Rumney in the County of Kent.

A Bill for the Benefit of Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, and a Ipeedier Recovery of their Rights, was read the First time.

Resolved, Sec. That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, Sec. That a Bill be brought in, for the Preservation of Prize-Goods for the Account of his Majesty: And that it be referred to Sir Abraham Cullen, Mr. Pryn, Sir Tho. Dolman, Sir Lan. Lake, Sir Sir

Pooley, Sir Rob. Holt, Colonel Wyndham, Sir Hen. , Sir Rob. Atkins, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir John Knight, Sir Wm. Moreton, Mr. Jolly, Sir Geo. Downing, Mr. Scowen, Sir Edw. Thurland, Mr. Coleman, Sir Wm. Coventry, Sir Rich. Forde, Mr. Kendall, and all the Members of this House that are Commissioners for the Prize-Goods; or any Three of them: And they are to meet in the Divinity-School, at Two of the Clock this Afternoon: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for granting the Sum of Twelve hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds to the King's Majesty, for his present further Supply, was read the First time.

Resolved, Sec. That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for Continuance of a former Act, for regulating the Press, was read the First time.

Resolved, Sec. That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for the Tryal and Conviction of such as shall be Accessaries to Petit-Treason, Murder, and Felony, was read the First time.

Resolved, Sec. That this Bill be read the Second time on Monday Morning.

A Bill for taking away of Damage Cleere was read the Second time.

Resolved, Sec. That this Bill be committed to Mr.

Crowch, Mr. Serjeant Moreton, Colonel Birch, Sir Cyril Wych, Mr. Westpbalin, Sir Geo. Courtop, Sir Will. Coventry, Sir Job Charleton, Mr. Torke, Sir Rob. Atkins, Mr. Street, Sir Tho. Gower, Mr. Serjeant Maynard, Mr. Moun-

tague, Mr. Milward, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Rob.

Colonel Wyndham, Lord Ancram, Sir John Birkenhead, Dr. Aris, Mr. Rob. Crooke, Mr. Daniell, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Soilicitor-General, Mr. George, Mr. Dowdfwell, Mr. Coleman, Mr. Bullen Reames, Sir Rich. Temple, Sir Wm. Lowther, Mr. Garway, Sir Winston Churchill, Sir John Knight: And they are to meet at Two of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Law-School: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for the Encouragement of the Planting and Sowing of Hemp and Flax was read the First time.

Resolved, Sec. That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

o

Qrdrtred

Journals of the ‘House of Commons.

616

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Maynard have Leave to bring in a Bill for better regulating the Workhouses.

A Bill to restrain Artificers, Labourers, and other mean Persons, from destroying of Hares, Pheasants, Partridges, and other Game, ... read the First time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be read the Second time on Saturday next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbati, 14'0 die OBobris, 17°

PR AVE R$.

Helften in Cornewall.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do deliver out the Writ, for Election of a Knight to serve for the County of Hertford.

A Bill for suppressing Unconforming Ministers and SchcOlmasters was read the First time.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read the Second time On Monday next.

A Bill to suppty the Defeats of the Law, whereby Provisions were made for those that should be infefted with the Plague, was read the First time.

Resolved, Sec. That this Bill be read the Second time on Monday next.

A Bill for the better Supprefting of profane Swearing, Cursing, and Drunkenness, was read the First time.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read the Second time on Monday next.

A Bill for granting the Sum of Twelve hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds to the King's Majesty, for his present further Supply, vras read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House: And that the House will, on Monday next, at N ine of the Clock, resolve into a Committee, to take the Bill into Consideration. And the Committee are to take care to make Provision in the Bill, to ease his Majesty in the Payment of Interest j and to enable him to take up Money to supply his Occasions, upon Security of the Bill.

Mr. Pryn reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for taking away Damage Cleere was committed, an Amendment agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence , and after, delivered in at the Clerk's Table: And the same was twice read; and agreed to.

Resolved, See. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

A Bill to restrain Artificers, and other mean Persons, from destroying of Hares, Partridges, and other Game, was read the Second time.

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill be committed to Lord lutz harding.Sir Rob. Atkins, Sir Anth. Cope, Mr.

grave, Sir Tho. Allen, Mr. Sir Tho. Lee, Sir

Nicolas Steward, Lord Ancram, Mr. Chovone, Colonel

Strangewayes, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Scudamore, Sir IVm. Coventry, Mr. Birch, Sir Wm. Fleetwood, Colonel Reames, Sir Allen Apfley, Mr. Thory, Sir Rich. , Sir

"John Strode, Sir Thomas Littleton, Sir John Pelham, Sir John Heath, Sir Lan. Lake, Mr. Serjeant Maynard, Sir Rich. T'emple, Mr. Hampden, Sir Edm. Pooley, Colonel

P-cgg, Sir John Napper, Mr. Sir Hen.

Mr. Waller, Colonel Saudis, Sir John Mr.

Iford, Mr. Lovelace, Sir NSir Fran. Clarke, Sir Hen. Capell, Sir Lob. Carr, Mr.: And

all the Members that shall come are to have Voices r And they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Law-School.

A Bill for the Tryal and Conviction of Accessaries to Petit-Treason, Murder, and Felony, was read the Second time.

Resolved, Sec. That this Bill be committed to the same Committee to which the former Bill, for the better Tryal and Conviction of such Persons as shall be indicted for Petit-Treason, Murders, and Felony, was committed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Eight of the Clock.

Luna, 16" dieOBobris^ 1 Car. IF".

Prayers.

A Bill for the Benefit of Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, for the speedier Recovery of their Rights, was read the Second time.

Resolved, Sec. That this Bill be committed to Mr. Pryn, S\r Robert Atkins, Mr. Serjeant Sets, Sir,

Dr. Burwell, Mr. Coleman, Sir Hen. North, Sir Tho. Gower, Mr. Jay, Mr. Mi hoard. Sir Birkenhead, Sir Job Charleton, Mr. Dowdfwell, Mr. Mr. Crowch,

Sir Jo. Knight, Sir Tho. Allen, Mr. IVm. Mount ague, Mr. Westphalin, Colonel Wyndkam, Sir Geo. Probart, Mr. George, and all the Members of the House that are of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Law-School: Ar.d to fend for, Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for the better Encouragement of the Planting and Sowing of Hemp and Flax was read the Second time.

Resolved, Sec. That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Pryn, Sir Lan. Lake, Sir Robert Atkins, Colonel Birch, Sir Tho. Allen, Colonel Phillipps, Colonel , Sir

Hen. Worsley, Sir Geo. Downing, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir William Lowther, Mr. Phillipps, Sir Wm. Coventry, Mr.

Ashburnham, Mr. Crowch, Dr. Burwell, Sir Jo. , Sir Fra. Clarke, Sir Hen. North, Sir Rich. Oatlcy, Sir Hen. Newton, Sir Nic. Carey, Mr. George, Mr. Sir

Rich. Forde, Mr. Newport: And all the Members that come to have Voices: And they are to meet in the Ma-thematick-School, this Afternoon at Two of the Clock: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And they are authorized to receive such further Proposals as shall be offered for the Encouragement of the Planting and Sowing of Hemp and Flax.

An ingrossed Bill, for taking away of Damage Cleere, was read.

Resolved, Sec. That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be, An Act for taking away of Damage Cleere. And Mr. Pryn is to carry up the Bill to the Lords.

The Ploufe then resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to take the Bill for granting the Sum of Twelve hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds to his Majesty, for his present further Supply, into Consideration. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker took the Chair again.

Sir Robert Atkins reports, That the Committee had made a good Progress in the said Bill: And humbly moves. That the House would resolve again into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning at Nine of the Clock, to proceed in the further Consideration of this Bill.

Resolved, Sec. That this House will resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning at Nine of the Clock, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Bill for granting the Sum of Twelve hundred

dred and Fifty thousand Pounds to hiis Majesty, for his present further Supply.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Martis, 170 die OBobris, i y° Ildl.

Prayers.

A Bill for suppressing Unconforming Ministers and Schoolmasters was read the Second time.

The Question being put. That the Grand Question, for committing the Bill, be now put;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The main Question being put. That the Bill be committed,

It was resolved In the Affirmative, That the Bill be committed to Sir Wm. Lowther, Colonel,

Mr. Crowch, Dr. Bur-well, Mr. Sir

tleton, Mr. Seymour, Sir Wm. , Mr. Sollicitor-

General, Sir Job Charleton, Colonel Phillipps, Sir Atkins, Sir Lan. Lake, Sir Tho. Allen, Mr. Coleman, Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Mil-ward, Sir Robert Holt, Mr. Hampden, Lord Richardson, Sir Rich.temple. Sir Jo. , Sir

Jo. Birkenhead, Lord Fanshaw, Sir Anth. Cope, Sir Hen. Lee, Mr. Wren, Mr. Culliford, Sir Philip Warwick, Sir Robert Howard, Sir Edw. Thurland, Sir Fra. Vincent, Lord Fitzharding, Sir Wm.Smith, Sir Rich. Brabam, Sir

Jo. Heath, Sir Nic. Care-w, Mr. Goreing, Mr. Serjeant Maynard, Sir John Harrison, Sir Edw. Majfy, Sir Wm. Batten, Sir Hen. North, Sir Knight, Sir Wm. ton, Sir John Goodrich, Sir Jo. Duncombe, Sir Winston Churchill, Colonel Wyndham, Serjeant Seis, Colonel Legg, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Walden, Mr. Weld, Sir Fra. Clarke, Mr. Pleydall, Mr. Choone, Colonel Reames, Sir Gilbert

Gerrard, Sir Wm. Hickman, Sir Tho. Dolman: And they are to meet at Two of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Divinity-School: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Message from tire Lords, by Childe and Sir

Nat. Hobart;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords Have sent you down Two Bills: The one, intituled, An Act for a more speedy and effectual proceeding upon Distresses and Avowries for Rents , the other, intituled, An Act for uniting Churches in Cities and Towns Corporate: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House,

A Bill to prevent the Spreading of the Infection of the Plague was read the Second tiffie.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Lart. Lake, Sir John Colonel

Legg, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Mil-ward, Colonel Reames, Sir Job Charleton, Sir Tho. Allen, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Tdrke, Mr. Serjeant Maynard, Mr. Coleman, Mr. Hobby, Mr. Crowch, Colonel Birch, Mr. Chowne, Sir Birkenhead, Mr. George, Sir Wm. Hickman, Mr. Finch, Dr. JBurwell, Mr. Flint, Dr. Arras, Mr. Jolly, Mr.

Sir Hen. Wcrjley, Sir Jo. Pelhant, Mr Sir Winston Churchill, Sir Jo. Knight, Sir Row. Berkley, Mr. DovJdefwell, Sir Edw. Majfy, Mr. Kendall, Sir Robert Carr, Colonel Strangwayes, Dr. Quartermart, Mr. Crooke, Sir Tho. Goitre, Mr. Wren, Sir Wm. Sir Phil.

Warwick: And all the Members that shall come to the Committee, are to have Voices: And they are to meet in the Physick-School this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock: And to fend for Persons, Paper?, and Records.

A Bill for naturalizing Lewis , and others,

was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.-

Mercuriiy18° die OBobris, 170 Car. IP1;

Prayers.

THIS Day, LewisBlanqueforttook the Oaths oif Al-

legiance and Supremacy, at the Speaker's Table* in order to his Naturalization.

A Bill for Naturalizing of Lewis , tod

others, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir Wm. Coventry, Sir Winston Churchill, Sir AUen Apjley, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Wm. Lowther, Mr. Philip Howard, Sir Tho. Gower, Mr. Yorker, Mr. Jay, Sir Solomon Sir

Lan. Lake, Lord Fitzharding, Mr. Crowch, Colonel Pfo-gers. Sir Row. Berkeley, Sir Jo. BLord Gorges Sir Hen. North, Colonel Wyndham, Sir Rich.

Mr. Pitt, Colonel Reames, Sir Nic. Steward: And they, are to meet in the Natural-Philolbphy-School, at Two of the Clock this Afternoon: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Name of Monsieur Devick be iii-ferted into the Bill of Naturalization.

A Bill to prevent the Imbezzling of Prize-Goods was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, for uniting Churches in Cities and Towns Corporate, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill, font from the Lords, for a nfore speedy and: effectual Proceeding upon Distrefies and Avowries for Rents, was read the First time.

Resolved; &c. That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

The House theft refolded into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed on the Bill for granting the -r Sum of Twelve hundred and-Fifty thousand Pounds to his Majesty, for his present further Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins took the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins reports. That the Sub-Committee*, appointed to make a Distribution of the Tax on the several Counties, had made a good Progress in it; and were withdrawn, to perfect their Report:

Ofdeted; That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Writ, for Election: of a Burgess to serve for the Borough of St. Mawes in the County of Cornewall, in the room of Sir viaft, deceased.

A Bill to prevent she Importation of Foreign Cattle and Fish was read the First time.

The Question being put; That- the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning;

The House was divided.

The Yea^ went out.

Colonel Strangewayes, f Tellers for the Yeas;

Sir Sol. Swale, £ With the Yeas, 3 1

Sir Rich. Ford; t Tellers for the Noes :7 =

Mr, Jolly, i With the Noes, J 52'

And so it wasr resolved in the Affirmative , That the BiH be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Batten have Leave to repair from hence to Greenwich, to attend his Majesty's Service there;

The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Confederation of the Bill for granting the Sum of Twelve hundred and 7 R Fifty

618 Journals of the House of Commons. I

Fifty thousand Pounds to his Majesty, for his present further Supply.

Mr. Speaker less the Chair.

Sir Rob. Atkins took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker again took the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins repprts, That the Committee had made some further Progress in the Bill; and desired Leave of the House, that they might fit again T9-morrow Morning at Nine of the Clock.

Resolved,&£. That this House wiU resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning at Nine of the Clock, to proceed in the further Confidec-ation of the Bill for granting the Sum of Twelve hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds to his Majesty, for his present further Supply: And that no other Business do intervene after that Tin>e.

Resolved, See. That Sir Tho. Allen., Sir Sir

Wm. if award, Rruj Mr. Jolliff, Mr. Mr. Da-

viell.,be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for the better Encouragement of the Planting and Sowing of Hemp and Flax is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Fight of the Clock.

-rrr-r-11 .*)

Jovts, 19"° dieOSiohr 1 Car. II41.

Prayers.

MOnfieur Depuy took the Oaths of Allegiance and

Supremacy, in order to his being naturalized,

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do deliver out the Writ, for EJeftion of a new Member to serve for the Town of Btrassion in the County of Devan.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do deliver out the Writ, for Election of a new Merpher to serve for the Town of Montgomery in the County of Montgomery.

The Bill for continuing a former Act for regulating the Prds was read the Second time.

And an additional Clause, to be added to the Act, was twice read.

Resolved, That the said Bill and Clause be committed to Sir f?o3. Atkins, Sir Wm.L Sir Knight, Sir

% ho. Allen, Sir Jo. BirkenheadSir Row. Berkley, Mr. Torke, Sir Rich. 0alley, Mr. W Sir Clerke,

Mr. Coleman, Mr. Crowch, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Mountague, Sir Lan. Lake, Sir IVinJl. Churchill, , Sir Solomon Swale,

Sir Edw. Hele, Sir Cliff. Clifton, Mr. Sandis, and all the Members thajt are of the Long Robe, and fueft as serve for the Two Universmes: And they are to meet at Two-of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Law-School: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. And the Committee are also impowered to consider of the Defects in the Act against Conventicles; the Act for repairing Highways; or any other Acts: And also to consider, What temporary Acts, or temporary Clauses, in any Acts, are fit to be continued and to make Report to the House.

Ordered, That the Name of Anthony be inserted

into the Bill of Naturalization,

Sir Robert Atkins reports, from the Committee to which the Bill to prevent Artificers, and other mean Persons, from destroying of Hares, Partridges, and other Game, ..... some Amendments agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered in the same at the Clerk's Table: Which Amendments being twice read;

And some Debates arising upon the Bill and Amendments;

' Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments,

be" re-committed to the former Committee: And the-Committee are revived; and to meet To-mojrrow at Two

of the Clock in the Afternoon, at the Place formerly appointed.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to look into the former Laws, touching such Natives as are

Fugitives, or in Service with the or elsewhere,

against his Majesty; and to fee. Wherein the former Laws are defective; and to receive such Expedients as shall be offered; and to prepare a new Bill, to supply the Defects of the former Laws, and to provide for the better Discovery, Tryal, Conviction, and Punishment, of English Fugitives.

And it is referred to Sir John , Mr. Pryn,

Mr. Serjeant Maynard, Sir Rob. Atkins, Sir Jo. , Sir Job Charleton, Sir Rich. Temple, Lord Ancram, Sir Tho. Gower, Mr. Sollicitor-General, Sir Edw. Thurland, Mr. Mountague, Sir fVm. Moreton, Mr. Coleman, Sir Rich. Braham, Sir Wm.Coventry-, or any Five of them: And they are to meet at Two of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Divinity-School: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House then resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the Bill for granting the Sum of Twelve hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds to his Majesty, for his present further Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins took the Chair of the Committee.

- Mr. Speaker took the Chair again.

Sir Robert Atkins reports from the said Committee, X.haf they had made some further Progress in the said Bill: And humbly moved, That the House would resolve into a Committee again, to proceed upon the said Bill, when the Sub-Committee, to whom they had referred some Matters relating to the said Bill, should be ready with their Report.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do deliver out the Writ, for Election of a new Member to serve for the Borough of St. Mawes in the County of

An ingrafted Bill, lent down from the Lords, for a more speedy and effectual Proceeding upon Distresses and Avqwries for Rents, was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Sollicitor-General, Sir Job Charleton, Mr. W'n. Mountague,

Mr. Waller, Sir Sol. Swale, Colonel Reames, Sir Lowther, Sir Hen. North, Sir Jo. Heath, Colonel Strange-wayes. Sir Gilbert Gtrrard, Mr. Barnaby, Mr. George, Mr. Jollffe, Sir Rich. Ford, Mr. Serjeant Maynard, Sir Edw. Thurland, Sir Jo. Birkenhead, Sir Lan. Lake, Mr. Progers, Sir Cliff. Clifton, Serjeant Seis, Sir Rob. , Sir Winfl.Churchill, Mr. GMr. Sandis, Mr.

Dowdfwell, Mr. Wefiphaling, Mr. Mr. Mill-

ward, and all the Members of this House that are of die Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Divinity-School: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrafted Bill, font from die Lords, for uniting Churches in Cities and Towns Corporate, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Sir Job. Charleton, Mr. Sollicitor-General, Sir Tho. Peyton, Sir Jo. Heath, Sir Edw. Thurland, Sir Rob. Carr, Mr. George, Mr. Crowch, Sir Winfl. Churchill, Mr. , Sir Lan. Lake, Mr. Milward, Mr. Mr. Phillipps,.

Sir Rob.. Atkins, Mr. Crooke, Mr. Jollffe, Mr. Serjeant Maynard, Mr. Secretary Morrice, Sir Rob. Holt, Mr. Waller, Dr. Burwell, Sir Jo. Nappier, Sir Lowther,

Sir Rich. Fordc, Sir Allen Broadrick, Sir Wm. Moreton,

Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Jo. Birkenhead, Colonel Strangcwayes, Svrjo. Knight, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Sandis, Sir,

Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Serjeant Seys, Sir Row. Berkeley, Sir Jo. Mounson, Mr. Garway, Mr. Barnaby, tague, Sir Hen. Yelverton: And all the Members of the House that come to have Voices: And they are to mat

To-

17 Car. II Journals &f the House ^/ Commons. 6ip

To morrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Divinity-School: And have Power to fend for Per-l'ons, Papers, and Records.

And then the House adjourned till Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Post Meridiem.

THE House resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Bill for granting the Sum of Twelve hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds to his Majesty, for his present further Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Rob. Atkins took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker again took the Chair.

Sir Rob. Atkins reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had agreed the Distribution of the Sums to be assessed on the several Counties; together with some Amendments to be made, and a Clause to be added, to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Which Lift of Distribution of the particular Sums to be assessed on the several Counties, and the Amendments and Clause agreed by the Committee, were twice read.

And some Amendments being made, and agreed, at the Table;

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, Amendments, and additional Clause, with the Alterations agreed to, be in-grofled.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Veneris, 20* dieOBobr 170 Caroli IP1*

Prayers.

OUfanna Pearfe and John Lee took the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, in order to their being naturalized.

Ordered, That all Committees that were discontinued, be revived j and do fit this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the several Places formerly appointed.

A Bill to prevent the Importation of Foreign Cattle and Fish was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Colonel Strangewayes, Sir Lan. Lake, Sir Job Charleton, Sir

Tho. Allen, Sir Fran. Goodrick, Sir Jo. Strode, Sir Wm. Coventry, Mr. Torke, Sir IVinJi. Churchill, Sir Edw. fey. Sir Rich. Temple, Sir Wm. Lowther, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Crowch, Mr. Pryn, Sir Lee, Sir,

Sir Tho. Gower, Mr. Dowdeswell, Sir Hen. North, Mr. Steward, Sir Clifford Clifton, Sir Sir

Oatley, Sir Hen. Caple, Mr. , Colonel

SitNic. Carey, Mr. SolKcitor-General, Mr. Jolliffe, Colonel Reames, Sir Rob. Carr, Sir Edm. Pooley, Colonel Birch, Sir Tho. Mompeffon, Sir Tho. , Mr. Pleyd-

all. Sir Sol. Swale, Sir Rob. Holt, Sir Rich. Forde, Mr. Crooke, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Hen. Sir

Mr. Westphalin, Mr. Scudamore, Mr. Garway, Mr.

Mr. Hyde, Mr. Scowen, Sir Gilbert Gerrard: And all the Members of the House that shall come, are to have Voices: And they are to meet in the Divinity-School, Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And they are to summon and hear such Persons, of the Privy Council of Ireland, as are in- Town , and other Persons concerned: And to fend for Perfo;:;, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to the Committee to which the Bill for the better Encourage-

3

ment of the Planting and Sowing of Hemp and Flax was committed3 viz. Mr. Price, Mr. Pryn, Sir Cu-pelL, Mr. Duncombe, Mr. Jolliffe, Mr. Daniell, Mr. Bar-

naby, Mr. Westphalin, Sir Tho. Trnpkins. Sir Rob. Howard, Mr. Musgrave, Sir Tho. , Mr.

Sir Jo. Knight.

Ordered, That the Name of Monsieur Schoqueaun be inserted into the Bill of Naturalization.

Ordered, That the Petition of Thomas Gray Esquire be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privi- leges and Elections.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do deliver out the Writ, for Election of a Baron to serve for the Town Sandwich in Kent.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morn* ing, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbatic 110 die O&ob, 170 Car. IIdu

Prayers.

ANtbony Horneck and Anthony De took the

Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, in order to their being naturalized.

Mr. Milward reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for suppressing Unconforming Ministers and Schoolmasters was committed, several Amendments agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and then, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Which being twice read; and some Alterations made being, upon the Question, agreed, and made thereto at the Table 3

A Proviso was also tendered to be added to the Bill and twice read.

Resolved, See. That the Proviso be added, and made-Part of the Bill.

Resolved, See. That the Bill, with the Amendment*, and Proviso agreed to, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Writ, for Electing of a Burgess to serve for the Town of Camelford in the County of Comewall, in the room of Mr. Rose-earrock, deceased.

The ingrafted Bill, for granting the Stfm of Twelve hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds to the King's Majesty, for his present further Supply, was read.

And some Amendments, upon the Question, agreed, and made at the Table.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be, An Act for granting the Sum of Twelve hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds to the King's Majesty, for his present further Supply.

Ordered, That Sir John HeLord Gorge , and Mr. Trevor, be added to the Committee to which the Bill for preventing the Spreading of the Plague is Committed,

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Childe and Sit-.Nathanael Hobart;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have returned you the Bill for taking away of Damage Cleere, with some Alterations, and a Proviso to be added: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

A Bill to prevent the Imbezzling of Prize-Goods

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mil-ward, Sir Jonath, T.relawny. Sir Hen. Sir Abra-

ham Cullen, Lord Gorge, Mr. Torke, Mr. Seymour, Sir

Talbot.

Journals of the House of Commons. A. 166$.

620

Talbot, Colonel Wyndham, Colonel Reames, Mr. Jolliff, Sir Tho. Cower, Sir Rob. Atkins, Colonel Mr.

Chowne, Mr. Crowch, Sir Ralph Mr. , Sir

GhichesterWray, Mr. Trevor, Mr Mr. Hyde, Mr.

Crooke, Mr. Scowen, Sir Jo. Goodrick, Sir Job Charlelon, Mr. Ashburnham, Sir Edm. Sir Lake, Sir

Jo. Knight, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Sir Phil. War-

wick, Sir Jo. Htath, Lord Richardson, Mr. Phillipps, Lord Fitzharding, Mr. Denny, Sir Jo. Duncombe, Sir Winft. Churchill, Mr. Newport, Mr. Serjeant Seys, Sir Rob. Carr, Mr. Forde, Mr.: And they are to

meet at Two of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Moral-Philosophy-School: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, &c. That the Title shall be. An Act for Encouragement of Sowing and Planting of Hemp and Flax.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Childe and Sir Nathanael Hobart;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint you. That they have agreed with this House in the Bill for granting the Sum of Twelve hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds to the King's Majesty, for his present turther Supply, without any Alteration or Amendment.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Eight of the Clock.

iLwice, 2 3° die OSiobris, 17 Ilai.

Prayers.

MR. Crowch reports, from the Committee to which the Bill, sent from the Lords, for Uniting of Churches in Cities and Towns Corporate, was committed, Several Amendments agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place* and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Which being twice read, were, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Thomas Littleton reports, from the Committee to which the Bill to prevent the Importation of Foreign Cattle and Fish was committed, several Amendments agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Which being twice read, were, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrafted.

Sir Solomon Swale reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for Naturalizing of , and others, was committed, That the Committee had, with one Amendment only, agreed the Bill: Which Amendment being read, with the Coherence, in his Place *, and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table j

And the Amendment being twice read *, and, upon the Question, agreed to

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrafted.

Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill for taking away of Damage Cleere, were twice read and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, &c. That the said Amendments, so agreed, be inserted, and made Part of the Bill: And that the Bill, with the Amendments, be sent back to the Lords.

Afi ingrafted Bill, for the Encouragement of Sowing and Planting of Hemp and Flax, was read.

A Proviso was tendered to be made Part of the Bill: Which being twice read; and some Alterations, upon the Question, agreed, and made thereto at the Table Resolved, &c. That the Proviso, fb amended, be made Part of the Bill,

The Question being put. That the Bill do pass }

The House was divided.

The Yeas went forth. Sir Nic. Crispe,

Mr. Birch,

Dr. Burwell,

Mr. Crowch,

Tellers for the Yeas: With the Yeas, Tellers for the Noes: With the Noes,

56.

44.

And so it was resolved in the Ashrmative.

Martisy 24.'0 die 0&obris> 170 Car. IT '

Prayers.

MR. Milward reports, from the Committee to which the Bill to prevent the Spreading of the Infection of the Plague was committed, some Amendments agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place *, and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Which Amendments being twice read *, and some Alterations thereto, upon the Question, agreed, and made at the Table j Resolved, 8cc. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrafted.

A Bill for Relief of Creditors, against the Warden of the Fleet, and Marshal of the on Escapes

of Prisoners, was read the Frrft time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill For the Benefit of Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, in Recovery of their Rights, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read the Second time To.....Morning.

Sir John Birkenhead reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for Continuance of a former Act for regulating the Press, and an additional Clause to be added to the Bill, . .: Which he read, with the Coherence j and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

And the same being twice read , and, upon the Question, agreed to

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Clause and Amendments agreed to, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill, to prevent the Importation'of Foreign Cattle and Ffth, was read.

A Proviso, for the Importing of Cattle from the Isle of Man, was tendered and thrice read.

Resolved, &c. That the Proviso be made Part of the Bill.

A Proviso, for Liberty to import Five thousand Head of Cattle, for the Use of his Majesty's Family, was twice read.

The Question being put. That the Proviso be read the Third .....-,

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put. That the Bill do pass;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Colonel Strangewayes,f Tellers for the Yeas,

Six Rick. Temple, £ With the Yeas, j

Sir Jo. Talbot, V Tellers for the Noes: 7

Sir Winft. Churchill, \ With the Noes, J

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved,&c. That the Title shall be. An Act to prevent the Importation of Foreign Cattle and Fish.

And Colonel Strangeway es is to carry up the Bill to the Lords.

Resolved,

Resolved, See. That Leave be given for bringing in a Bill lor a Month's lurcher Assessment of One hundred and Twenty thousand Pounds, to commence from the Expiration of the former Assessments to be granted to his Majesty; with a Desire to his Majesty to dispose it to his Royal Highnds the Duke of Torke.

Ordered, That Mr. Soliicitor-General do forthwith prepare and bring in the Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mcrcurii, 25 n die OSlobris, 17° Car. IIa,‘

Prayers.

A Bill for the Relief of Creditors against the Warden of the Fleet, and Marshal of the King1 s-Bench, on Escapes of Prisoners, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Mr. Serjeant Maynard, Sir Tho./Men, Sir Rob. Atkins, Mr. Wm.

Mounlague, Sir Fra. Vincent, Sir Mr. Crooke,

Mr. Scudamore, Sir Rob. Carr, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Torke, Mr. Coleman, Sir Jo. Knight, Mr. Street, Mr. Sir

Tho. Lee, Sir Hen. Worsley, Sir Fra. Goodrich, Sir John Birkenhead, Mr. Crowcb, Sir Jo. Heath, Colonel way es, Mr. Gray, Sir Hen. Te, Colonel Birch, Mr. Kent, Sir Sol. Swale, Mr. Fox, Sir Hum. Bennet, Sir Row. Berkley, Lord Ancram, Sir Hen. Capell, Dr. Sir

Win. Churchill, Mr. Jolliff, Mr. Whorwood, Sir Lan. Lake, Colonel Reames, Sir Cha. Sir Jo.

combe, Mr. George, Sir Jo. Strode, Sir Rob. Holt, Sir Gilbert Gerrard: And all the Members of this House that shall come, to have Voices: And to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Divinity-School: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And to hear such Persons concerned, as shall attend.

An ingossed Bill for retraining Nonconformists from inhabiting in Corporations.

And some Amendments, upon the Question, agreed; and made thereto, at the Table;

Refolded, See. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, do pass: And that the Title shall be. An Act for retraining Nonconformists from inhabiting in Corporations.

A Bill for granting the Sum of One hundred and Twenty thousand Pounds to his Majesty, to be bestowed, if it shall please his Majesty, on his Royal Highness die Duke of Torke, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That all Committees which are discontinued, be revived; and do lit this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Places formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morn-, ing. Eight of the Clock.

Jovts, i 6° die OEiobris, 170 Car. IT1. Prayers.

A Bill for the Benefit of Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, in Recovery of dieir just Rights, was read the Second time.

A Proviso, to be added to the Bill, was twice read. Resolved, See. That the Bill, with the Proviso, be committed to Mr. Pryn, Mr. Coleman, Mr. Torke, Mr. Street, Sir Hen.Worjley, Mr. Howard, Sir Edw. Thurland, Sir

Lan. Lake, Mr. Milward, Mr. George, Sir Rob. Atkins, Mr. Crowcb, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Mountague, Sir Tho.

Allen, Mr. Serjeant Sets, Sir Sol. Swale, Sir John Coriton, Mr. Scowen, and all the Members of this House that are of the Long Robe: And they are to meet in the Law-School, this Afternoon at Two of the Clock: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingossed Bill, sent from the Lords, for uniting Churches in Cities, and Towns Corporate; with- fom<* Amendments and Provisoes agreed by this House; were read the Third time.

A Proviso was tendered to be added to the Bill; and twice read.

And some Amendments, upon the Question, agreed; and made thereto at the Table;

Resolved, See. That the Proviso, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingossed.

The Proviso, being ingossed, and twice read, and debated, was laid aside.

Resolved, See. That the Bill,' with the Amendments and Proviso agreed to, do pass: And that the Title of the Bill be agreed to; and the Bill, with the Amendments and Proviso, be returned back to the Lords.

And Mr. Crowch is to carry the same up.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to the Committee to which the Bill, font from the Lords, touching Avowries and Distrefies, was committed;

Mr. Crowch, Dr. Burwell, Sir Hen. Telverton, Sir Jo. Lowther, Sir Jo. Strode, Sir Tho. Gower.

Ordered, That Mr. Mervill, Mr. Crowch, Mr. Waller, Mr. Jolliff, be added to the Committee to which the Bill against imbezling Prize-Goods was committed.

A Bill for granting the Sum of One hundred and twenty thousand Nine hundred and Two Pounds Fifteen Shillings Eight-pence to his Majesty, to be, if it shall please his Majesty, bestowed on his Royal Highness the Duke of Torke, was read the Second time.

Resolved, Scc.That the House do forthwith resolve into a Committee of the whole Houfo, to proceed in the Consideration of the said Bill.

And accordingly the Houfo resolved itfolf into a Committee of the whole House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair: And

Sir Edward Thurland took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker took the Chair again.

Sir Edward Thurland reports. That the Committee had agreed the Sums for filling up the Blanks in the Bill; and had passed through the other Parts of the Bill; and agreed it: And read the Amendments in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Which Amendments being twice read, were, upon the Question, foverally agreed to.

And some other Amendments being, upon the Question, agreed, and made;

Resolved, See. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingossed.

A Bill to injoin the Taking of the Oath and Declaration therein mentioned was read the First time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

A BillforAttainting of Thomas Dolman, Joseph Bampfeild, and Scot, of Hign-Treason, if they do not come in, and render themselves by a Day, was read the First time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

An ingossed Bill for Naturalising of and others, was read the Third time.

And some Debate arifang concerning Certificates of their receiving the Sacrament;

Mr . Stanley,a Member of this House, did testify. That,

to his Knowledge, Monsieur Blanquefort had received- die Sacrament.

7 S

Ordered,

6iz Journals of the House Commons. A. I

Ordered, That the rest of the Persons nominated in the Bill do bring Certificates to Mr. Speaker of their receiving the Sacrament.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Veneris, 2 j° die OElobr, 170 Car. II*1.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for Continuance of a former Act for regulating the Press was read.

A Proviso was tendered to be added to the Bill; and once read.

The Question being put, That the Proviso be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be. An Act for Continuance of a former Act for regulating the Press.

And Sir John Birkenhead is to carry up the Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

Mr. Pryn reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for avoiding unnecessary Suits and Delays was committed, One Amendment, agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Which Amendment was twice read; and, on the Question, agreed to.

The Question being put, That the Word " real " shall stand in the Bill;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Mr. Speaker having produced, and read, several Certificates, delivered unto him, of several Persons, nominated in the Bill of Naturalization, their receiving the Sacrament;

The Question being put. That the Bill for naturalizing Lewis Blanquefort, and others, do pals;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, &c. That the Title shall be. An Act for naturalizing Lewis Blancquefort, and others.

And Sir John Birkenhead is to carry up the Bill to the Lords.

Mr. Mountague reports, from the Committee to which

the Bill, sent from the Lords, for a more speedy and effectual Proceeding upon Avowries and Distresses for Rents, was committed, some Amendments agreed by the Committee to be made, and a Proviso to be added, to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

And the Two first Amendments being twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed;

And some Debate arising on the other Amendments; Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to the former Committee: And Colonel BirchMr. , and all the Gentleman of the Long Robe, are added to the Committee: And the Committee is revived; and to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Place formerly appointed.

An ingrossed Bill, for avoiding unnecessary Suits and Delays, was read.

Resolved,&c. That the Bill do pals: And that the Title shall be. An Act for avoiding unnecessary Suits and Delays.

A Bill for Attainting of Thomas Dolman, Joseph feild, and Scot, of High-Trealbn, if they do not come in, and render themselves by a Day, was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pryn, Sir Job Char let on. Colonel Strangewayes, Sir Sir

Alien Brcadrick, Mr. Crowch, Mr. , Sir John Tal-

bot, Mr. Coleman, Mr. Hyde, Sir JVm. Coventry, Sir Jo. Coriton, Sir Tho. Gower, Sir Tho. Dolman, Mr.

Sir Tho. Tompkins, Mr. Secretary Mr. Waller,

Sir Rob. Carr, Sir Lan. Lake, Sir Walt. St. , Mr. Torke, Mr. Chichejley, Mr. Serjeant Maynard, Mr. Kent, Mr. Street, Sir George Downing: And all the Members that shall come, are to have Voices: And they are to meet in the Divinity-School, at Two of the Clock this Afternoon: And to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Secretary Morrice acquaints the House, That it was his Majesty's Pleasure (which he did not doubt would consist with the Desire of this House), That both! Houses should rife on Tuesday next.

A Bill for injoining the taking the Oath and Declaration therein mentioned was read the Second time.

The Question being put. That the Bill be committed;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Colonel Strangewayes, fTellers for the Yeas:?

Mr. Weld, I With the Yeas, J5*4

Sir Jo. Talbot, ^Tellers for the Noes:?

Sir Tho. Littleton, \ With the Noes, j % 7v

And so it passed in the Negative.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Childe and Sir Nath. Hobart;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords do concurr with you in the Alterations and Amendments to the Bill for uniring Churches in Cities and Towns Corporate.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbati, 2 8° die OBobris^ 170 Car. IP*.

Prayers.

MR. William Mount ague reports, from the Committee to which the Bill, sent from the Lords, for the more speedy Recovery of Rents upon A'vowries and Distresses, was re-committed, some further Amendments agreed by the Committee to be made, and Provisoes to be added, to the Bill: Which Amendments and Provisoes were twice read; and, with One Alteration only, agreed, on the Question, and made thereto at the Table, were, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, Sec. That the Provisoes, agreed to, be ingrossed.

Another Proviso was tendered to be made Part of the Bill; and twice read.

The Question being put, That the Proviso be ingrossed;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Writ, for electing a new Burgess to lerve for the Borough of Mitchel in Cornewall, in the Head of Sir Edward MoJ'eley, deceased.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to the Committee, to which the Bill for attainting Thomas Dolman, and others, of High-Treason, was committed; viz. Sir Tho. Allen, Mr. Ford, Mr. George, Dr. Burwell, Sir Jo. Knight, Sir Allen Apjley, Sir Sol. Mr. Street,

Mr. Dowdeswell, Sir Edw. Hungerford,. Sir Rob. Holt, Mr. Bulteele, Sir Winjt. Churchill, Mr. Glascock, Mr. Wren, Mr. Musgrave, Srr Jo. Bennet, Sir Rich.: And the Committee is revived: And to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Place formerly appointed.

Ordered, That his Majesty be humbly desired. That he would be pleased to issue out a new Commission to inquire after, and take a speedy Account of, the Chest-Money allotted for Relief of sick and maimed Seamen; and the

Arrears

Arrears thereof, or of any Lands that have been pur- ing One Month's Assessment to his Majesty, without any chafed or given for that charitable Use. And Sir Wil- Alteration: And have also returned you Two Bills; one

liam Coventry, Sir Francis Clarand Mr. are to

attend his Majesty with this Addrefe.

The Bill, sent from the Lords, for the more speedy and effectual Proceeding upon Avowries and Distrefies for Rents *, with the Amendments and Proviso agreed to; were read the Third time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments, and Proviso agreed to, do pass: And that the Title be agreed to.

And Sir Robert Holt is to carry up such Bilk as are passed, to the Lords: And to put the Lords in mind of the Bill to prevent the Importation of foreign Cattle and Fish.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Eight of the Clock.

Luncey30° die OSiobris, 170 Ildl.

Prayers.

MR. Pryn reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for attainting Thomas , and others, of

High-Treason, if they do not come in, and render them-lelves by a Day, was committed, some Amendments agreed by the Committee to be made, and a Clause to be added, to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

The Amendments were twice read; and, with some Alterations made at the Table, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

The Clause being twice read, and debated;

Ordered, That Sir George Mr. , Sir

Francis Goodrich, and Mr. Sollicitor-General, Sir Job

Char let on. Sir Tho. Littleton, do withdraw, and bring in a Proviso, upon the Debates of the House.

Mr. Sollicitor-General reports. That the Committee had agreed a new Clause to be added to the Bill: Which he read; and after, delivered the same in to the Clerk: Which Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments and Clauses agreed to, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Claim of Sir William Tumor Doctor bf Laws, touching the Election for the Town of,

be continued: And that the Matter be adjourned, and taken into Consideration by the Committee of Elections, the next Session.

And then the House adjourned till Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Post Meridiem.

AN ingrafted Bill, for attainting Thomas Jo-

fepb Bampfeild, and Thomas Scott, of High-Treason,

if they do not render themselves by a Day, was read.

And some Amendments bang, upon the Question, agreed, and made at the Table;

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, do pass: And that the Title shall be. An Act for attainting Thomas Dolman, Joseph Bampfeild , and Tho~ mas Scot, of High-Treason, if they do not render themselves by a Day.

A Meftfage from the Lords, by Sir Mondeford fion and *;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint you, That they have agreed to the Bill for grant-

intituled, An Act for restraining Nonconformists from inhabiting in Corporations; and the other, intituled, An

Additions: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

The Amendments to the Bill for restraining Nonconformists from inhabiting in Corporations were twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be returned to the Lords.

The Amendments and Additions, sent from the Lords, to the additional Bill concerning the Plague, were twice read; and some of them, upon the Question, agreed, and others rejected.

Ordered, That a Conference be desired with the Lords* upon the Bill and Amendments for making further Provisions for such as are infefted with the Plague.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mar/isj 31c die Oflobris, 170 Car. IT*. Prayers.

fXRdered, That the Claim of Sir William Godolphin,

touching the Election of St. Ives, be continued; and the Matter between him and Mr. Nofworthy adjourned; and taken into Consideration next Session of Parliament.

A Petition of divers Graziers of the Counties of Wilts and Berks was read.

Ordered, That the Consideration of this Petition be adjourned till next Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That it be referred to Mr. Sollicitor-General, Mr. Waller, Mr. Mountague, and Mr. Pryn, Sir Job

Charleton, Mr. Coleman, to prepare Reasons, and to manage the Conference with the Lords, upon the Bill concerning the Plague: And that Mr. Coleman do go up to the Lords, to desire a Conference with the Lords.

Mr. Coleman reports. That the Lords had agreed to a present Conference upon the BUI touching the Plague.

Ordered, That his Majesty be humbly desired to give Command to the Officers of his Navy, Ordnance, and Stores, to prepare an Accompt of their Disbursements against the next Session of Parliament: And Sir Richard Temple, and Mr. Whorwood, are to attend his Majesty with this Address.

A Meftfage from the Lords, by Sir Mcndeford Bramp- , ston;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have returned you the Bill to prevent unnecessary Suits and Delays, with one Addition: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And have also commanded us to acquaint you. That they have agreed to the Bill for regulating the Press v and to the Bill for naturalizing Lewis Blancquefcrt and others.

Resolved, That the Thanks of this House be given to the Chancellor, Scholars, and Fellows of the Univer-fity of Oxford, for their eminent Loyalty to his Majesty, and his Royal Father, of ever-blessed Memory, in the late Rebellion; especially for that unparalleled Testimony of their Allegiance, in refuting to submit to be visited by the usurped Powers; and to subscribe the Solemn League and Covenant; and for their excellent Reasons they published to the World, in Justification of his Majesty's righteous Cause: And Mr. Sollicitor-General, Colonel Strangwayes, and Sir John Birkenhead, are desired to give them the Thanks of the House accordingly.

A Meftfage

6l4 Journals of House of Commons.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Mondeford ston and Sir NdthanaelHobart-,

Mr. Speaker, The Lords do desire a present free Conference with this House, upon the Subject-Matter of the hi ft Conference, upon the Bill touching the Plague , and a!lb a present Conference, on the Bill touching Avowries and Distresses; in the Astronomy-School.

Mr. Scdlicitor-General reports, from the free Conference had with the Lords, upon the Bill to make Provision, touching such as be infected with the Plague, That the Lords had agreed with this House in rejecting wholly the Clause touching Inmates-, and all the Clause touching the Burial of such as should die in Corporations, lave only that Part which did relate to the Annoyance of the Lords Houses of Residence: But to the other Clause, touching the Searching and Shutting up of the Houses of Lords,

That they did adhere to their Amendment to have That Clause Part of the Bill.

The Question being put. To adhere to the former Votes;

It was resolved in the Affirmative, contradicente.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John , Ulher of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker,

His Majesty commands this Honourable House to attend Him forthwith in His House of Peers.

And, accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty in the House of Peers: And His Majesty was pleased to prorogue the Parliament to the Twentieth Day of February next ensuing.

20° die Februarii, 1665, 18 IIdl

Regis.

HIS Majesty having, on the One-and-thirtieth Day of October last, prorogued the Parliament then held

at Oxford, to be held at Westm this present Twen-

tieth Day of February -, and having, by his Proclamation since, declared his Pleasure for the further Prorogation to the Three-and-twentieth Day of April 1666, to be again held at Westminster; and having also granted a Commission to certain of the Lords, to declare his Pleasure for the proroguing the Parliament to the said Three-and-twentieth Day of April 1666;

And the Lords, commissionated by His Majesty, with other Lords, being met in the House of Peers j and Mr. Speaker, with divers Members, above the Number of Sixty, being met in this House;

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Writ, for electing a new Burgess to serve for the Borough of Great Marlow in the County of Bucks, in the room of William Bur lace Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Writ, for elect-

ing a Citizen to serve for the City of Peterborough in the County of Northampton, in the room of Charles Lord Le Defpencer.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Writ for electing a Burgess to serve for the Borough of Minehead in the County of Sommerfett, in the room of Francis Lut-terell Esquire.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Writ, for electing a Burgess to serve for the Borough of Southwarke in the County of Surrey, in the room of George Moore Esquire, deceased.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Eyton, Ulher of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker,

The Commissioners, authorized by His Majesty in the House of Lords, desire the Presence of this House there.

And Mr. Speaker, with the House, accordingly went up to attend the Lords, there met: And his Majesty's Commission was read , and the Parliament prorogued to the Three-and-twentieth Day of April 1666.

23° die Apr ills, 18° Caroli IIdl Regis.

R. Speaker, with the House, being met;

And several Motions being made for Mr. Speaker to issue Warrants to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out Writs, for electing new Members to serve in the Head of others which were dead or removed -,

The Question being put, and Votes given in the Affirmative;

And Mr. Speaker being just putting the Question in the Negative

Martis, 18* die Septembri 180 Caroli Iidi

Regis.

Pr A YERjS.

A Bill to enforce Corporations to appear to Actions was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be read the Second time on This-day-sevennight.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Writ, for eletting a

The Ulher of the Black Rod knocking at the House-Door, no further Proceeding could be had.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Eyton, Ulher of the Black Rod,

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, commissionated by His Majesty, desire the Presence of this House in the House of Peers.

And Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend

the Lords. - -

And his Majesty's Commission was read in the House of Peers: W hereby the Parliament was prorogued to the Eighteenth Day of September next.

Baron to serve for the Cinque-Port of Winchelsea in the County of Kentin the room of Sir Nicolas de-

ceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Writ, for electing a Burgess to serve for the Borough of Plymouth in the County of Devon, in the room of Samuel Trelawney Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Writ, for electing a Burgess to serve for the Borough of Plympion in the

X County

tfl

County of Devon, in the room of ‘Thomas Hele Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Writ, for electing a Burgess to serve for the Borough of Grimsby in the County of Lyncolnt, in the room of Sir Adrian Scroope, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Writ, for electing a Burgess to fenre for the Borough of Morpeth in the County of Northumberland, in the room of Sir Henry Widdrington, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Writ, for electing a Burgess to serve for the Borough of ruro in the County of Cornewall, in the room of Nicolas Arundell Esquire,

deceased.

Mr. Secretary Morrice acquaints Mr. Speaker, That his Majesty had a Thought of coming to the House of Peers this Day, to speak to his Two Houses of Parliament, concerning the Exigencies and great Affairs of the Nation: But, doubting that, by reason of the late Calamity by Fire, feme Members might delay their coming up, and the House not be full; his Majesty had deferred his coming till Friday next.

Resolved, That the House be adjourned till Friday Morning next. Eight of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Vizneris, Sept. 21°. 18 Car. II4*.

Prayers.

AMeffage from his Majesty, by Sir John Eyton, Usher of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to wait upon His Majesty, in the House of Peers.

And, accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

' Mr. Speaker reports. That his Majesty, to prevent Mistakes, had been pleased to fend him a Copy of the Speech which he delivered to both Houses: Which being read by Mr. Speaker;

R efolved, &c. That the humble and hearty Thanks of this House be returned to his Majesty, for his great Care in Management of the present War: And that this House will supply his Majesty proportionably to his present Occasions.

Resolved, &c. That the Lords Concurrence be desired to this Vote: And Mr. Gar is to go up to the Lords for their Concurrence.

Resolved, &c. That the House be Called over This-day-sevennight.

Resolved, &c. That a Fine of Twenty Pounds apiece be imposed on such as shall make Default, without giving such reasonable Excuse as may be satisfactory to the House for such their Default.

Resolved, &c. That Tuesday next be appointed for the Officers of his Majesty's Navy, Ordnance, and Stores, to bring in their Accompts.

Ordered, See. That a Committee of Elections and Privileges be appointed of the Members following; viz. Sir Job Charlton, Mr. Milward, Colonel Egerton, Sir Wm. Lowther. Sir Robert Howard, Colonel Reams, Colonel Phillips, Sir Jo. Chichester, Mr. John Wyn, Sir Richard Bra-ham, Lord Man dev ill. Sir Robert Carrx Lord Herbert, Sir Richard Oatley, Mr. Hobby, Sir Richard Wyn, Sir Wm. Batten, Mr. Lau. Hyde, Sir Thom. Ingram, Lord Fitz-harding, Mr. Hungerford, Sir Mr.

Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Peter Killegrew, Lord Mr. Secretary Morris, Sir Solomon Swale, Mr.

Mr. Scowen, Colonel Whitley, Sir Chichester Wray, Sir

John Harrison, Mr. Chowne, Mr. Hen. Seymour, Mr. Russell, Mr. Bulteele, Mr. Marvill, Dr. Burwell, Sir Edw. Bish, Sir Henry Wood, Mr. Morley, Sir Wm. Coventry, Sir John Robinson, Sir James Smith, Sir Thom. Dolman, Mr. Jones, Lord Cornbury, Sir Robert Atkins,

Sir Phil. Musgrave, Colonel Strangwaies, Sir Hen. Cafar, Mr. Musgrave, Sir John Napper, Sir Carew, Sir Edm. Bowyer, Mr. Glafccck, Mr. Wren, Mr.

Sir Jo. Holland, Sir John Cotton, Lord Mr.

Cofferer, Sir Tho.Clifford, Colonel Mr. Clarke,

Lord Buckburst, Sir Jo. Duncombe, Mr. Herbert, Sir Ralph Hare, Mr. Coleman, Sir Wm. Lewis, Colonel Bul-ler, Mr. Crouch, Sir Anthony Irby, Sir Edw. Lord

Fanfhaw, Sir John Covet, Sir Ed. , Mr. Garra-

way, Sir Thom. Clerges, Mr. Taylor, Sir Francis Lee, Mr. Trevor, Mr. Hen. Coventry, Sir Norton Knatcbbold, Sir Thomas Tompkins, Sir Wm. Doyley, Mr. Mr.

Hambden, Sir Hen. Capell, Sir Geo. How, Sin Geo. Downing, Sir John Holman, Sir Thom. LLord Ogle, Lord

Allington, Sir John Denham, Mr. Ceyne, Mr. Sollicitor-General, Mr. Trelawny, Mr. Lovelace, Lord Gorge, Colonel Kirkby, Mr. Pudsey, Sir Ralph Bancks, Mr. Chich-ley. Sir Edw. Hales, Sir Rich. Powle, Mr.

Mr. Tayler, Sir Allen Apfley, Sir Thom. Strickland, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Pierpoint, Sir Wm. Gawdy, Sir Richard Francklyn, Mr. Progers, Sin John Knight, Sir lalbott. Colonel Edw. Phillips, Mr. Sir Wm. Kille-

grew, Serjeant Maynard, Colonel Millward, Colonel Gil-by, Mr. Nafworthy, Mr. Bv.ller, Sir Stephen Fox, Mr. Finch, Mr. Glascock, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Darcy, Mr. Palmer, Sir Fran. Clarke, Sir Thom. Gower, Sir PhiL Warwick, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Sir Hen. Mr.

Pepis, Sir Wm. Portman, Mr. Wm. Herbert, Sir John Norton, Colonel Fran. Windham, Sir

Mr. Kendall, Sir Richard Ford, Sir Richard Maleverer,

Sir Thom. Allen, Sir Abra. Cullen, Sir Robert Brooke, Mr. Jolly, Mr. Waller, Sir Wm. Heyward, Sir Geo. Cur top, Mr. Swinfen, Mr. Morris, Sir Fran. Compton, Sir Joseph

Tredenbam, Mr. James, Mr. Anthony Eyre, Colonel Norton, Sir John Lowther, Sir Richard Temple, Sir Edm. Peirce, Sir Maurice Berkley, Sir Gcdolphin, Sir

Wallgrave, Mr. John Mallett, Mr. Lionel Walden,. Mr. Turges, Sir Nico. Steward, Sir Thom. Higgons, Sir Thom. Littleton, Sir Maurice Berkley, Sir Hen. North, Mr. Darcy, Mr. Humphry Weld, Sir Francis Mr. Piercy Goring, Sir Wm. Thomas, Mr. George Weld, Lord Hawley, Mr. Robert Crooke, Lord Richardson, Sir Justin. Isham, Mr. John Fowell, Mr. Wm. Sir

Cafar Coldoiigb, Mr. Robert Steward, Mr. Edw. Seymour,

Sir George Reeves, Colonel Brunckerd, Sir Edm. Pooley,

Sir John Dawney, Mr. Williams, Sir John , Mr.

Henry Goring, Sir John Stapeley, Sir Thomas Dyke.

Resolved, See.That this Committee do meet To-mor-morrow in the Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Exchequer-Chamber *, and every Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday, at Two of the Clock, in the Place before-mentioned: And to take into Consideration all such Matters as shall or may come in Question, touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges; and to proceed upon Double Returns in the First place; and report their Proceedings to the House: And all Persons that will question Double Returns already made, are to do it in Fourteen Days after any new Return shall be brought in: And the Committee is to have Power to receive Petitions, to fend for Witness, Papers, and Records, for their Information; and to report any Matter which may concern Breach of Privilege: And all Memjbers, that are returned for Two or more Places, are to make their Elections by This-day-three-weeks, for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place: And, if any thing shall come in Question, touching the Return, or Matter of Privilege, of any Member of this Committee, such Member is to withdraw from,

7 T the

616 Journals of the House of Commons. A< I

the Committee, during the Time the Matter which concerns himself is in Debate: And they are to suspend the Hearing of any Cause wherein Witnesses must attend from Places infected.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do meet, and fit in the House, every Monday in the Afternoon at Two of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do meet, and fit in the House, every Wednesday in the

Afternoon at Two of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do meet, and fit in the House, every Friday in the Afternoon at Two of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for the Courts of Justice do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, for making out a new Writ, for electing a Burgess to serve for the Borough of Boston in the County of Lincolne, in the room of the late Lord Willoughby, now Earl of Linds called up to the House of Peers.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, for making out a new Writ, for electing a Burgess to serve for the Borough of Haver-ford-West in the County of Pembroke, in the room of Sir Wm. Moreton, called up to the House of Peers.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Knight for the County of Nottingham, in the room of Sir Gervas Clifton, deceased.

Resolved, &c. That the Matter concerning a Member to serve for the City of Brijtoll, instead of the Lord

OJfory, be referred to the Committee of Elections; to examine the Matter of Fait; and to report it to the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read the Second time on Wednesday next.

A Bill for regulating Hospitals and Free-Schools was read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read the Second time on Monday next.

Resolved, &c. That a Committee be appointed to consider of Proposals to be tendered to the House, for Advance of the Manufactures of this Nation, and to prevent Excess in using Foreign Manufactures and Commodities.

And that it be referred to Mr. Pryn, Sir Jo. Birken* head. Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Charles Sir John

Knight, Mr. Garraway, Sir Jo. BrMr. folly. Sir

Wm. Coventry, Sir Robert Brooke, Colonel Strangwaies, Mr. Edw. Seymour, Sir Jo. Holland, Sir Thom.

Sir Thom. Higgons, Sir Charles Sir Anthony Irby,

Sir Norton Knatchbold, Sir Wm. Batten, Mr. Scowen, Sir Wm. Lewis, Mr. Crouch, Sir Jo. Buncombe, Sir Thom. Lee, Sir Thom. Strickland, Sir John Frederick, Mf. Hen. Coventry, Sir Richard Temple, Sir Sir Gw.

Downing, Mr. Mountague, Sir Thom. Gower, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Westphaling, Sir Nico. Carew, Sir Phil. Warwick, Sir Joseph Tredinham, Colonel Birch, Sir Jo. Talbot, Sir Solom. Swale, Mr. Finch, Sir Edm. Walpoole, Sir Jo. Shaw, Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Morley, Sir Jo. Heath, Colonel Sandys, Sir Jo. Knight, Sir Richard Mr.

Jones, Sir Thom. Osborn, Sir John Holland: And they are to meet on Tuesday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chambers: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And they are to consider of Expedients for Increase of the Stocks of Money in the Nation: And all the Members of the House that comes, are to have Voices.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, ' Eight of the Clock.

Ijume, 240 Sept, 18 Regis IF*'

Prayers.

SjRdered, That Leave be given for bringing in a Bill for the same Benefit for Wales, upon Recoveries on Replevins, as is, byACt of Parliament, provided for England.

Die Sabbati, 22° Sept. 18° Car. IF1'

Prayers.

A Bill for providing Habitation for the harbourlds and distressed Citizens was tendered; and read.

Resolved, &c. That a Committee be appointed, to consider of and prepare Proposals, to be tendered to the House, for Relief of the City of London.

And that it be referred to Mr. Pryn, Mr. Hen. Coventry, Sir Wm. Lewis, Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. Spencer, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir John Brampston, Sir Thom. , Sir Wm. Batten, Lord Ancram, Sir Richard Ford, Sir John Denham, Mr. OJbome, Sir Robert AMr. Mountague,

Sir Richard Oatley, Sir Lane. Lake, Dr. Arras, Sir Abraham Cullen, Sir Thom. Clarges, Mr. Waller, Colonel Sands, Mr. Jolly, Sir Richard Browne, Sir George Downing, Mr. Edw. Seymour, Sir John Holland, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Thom. Gower, Mr. St. John, Mr. Jones, Mr. Harvey, Sir Harbottle Grimfion, Sir Hen. C*far, Mr. Waller, and all the Members of this House that serve for the City of London :And they are to meet on Monday at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill against Importing of Foreign Cattle and Fish was read the First rime.

A Bill to prevent Inconveniencies by clandestine Marriages was read.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time on Thursday next.

A Bill for inlarging the Time given by a former Actfc of Parliament to the Lord Chief-Baron, and other Barons of the Exchequer, to hear and determine the Redemption of Mortgages made by the Earl of , and the Lord Wentworth, was read.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time on This-day-sevennight.

A Petition of Sir Vere Fane was read.

Ordered, That the Petition of Sir Vere Fane be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Legality of the Return of the Writ issued for electing a Member to serve for the City of Peterborough.

A Bifl for Regulating of Hospitals and Free-Schools was read the Second time.

The Question being put, That the Bill be Committed;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Sir Edw. Majfey, f Tellers for the Yeas:") ,

Sir George How, \ With the Yeas, j

Colonel Strangwaies, JTellers for the Noes :7

Mr. Mallet, \ With the Noes,

And

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative: And committed to Sir Harbottle Grimflon, Sir , Sir

Wm. Lowther, Mr. Crouch, Colonel Sir Charles

Harbord, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Jo. Sir Thomas

Alien, Sir Jo. Birkenhead, Mr. Mr. Sollici-

for-General, Mr. Morris, Sir Jo. Mr. Morley,

Mr. Pryn, Mr. Mountague, SirTiiww. Mr. S'rewr,

Sir Robert Atkins, Serjeant Mainard, Sir Norton bold, Sir 70. Knight, Mr. Stewar, Sir 7^» Heath, Colonel Strangwaies, Mr. Mallet, Dr. , Mr. James,

Sir 70. 'Denham, Colonel Windha, Mr. Sir 7®.

Goodrick, Sir 7tf* Talbott, Sir Thom. Clifford, Sir Tredenham, Colonel Phillips, Mr. Coleman, Sir 7®-Sir Apjley, Colonel £.*££, Sir Thom. Littleton, Sir Robert Carr, Sir 72w». Tompkins, Sir JFiw. Heyward, Lord Herbert, Mr. Fynch, Mr. 7°»w> Mr. Waller, Colonel Lord Ancram, Sir Edm. Pooley, Mr.

wood, Mr. Musgrave, Sir Fran. Clarke, Sir James Thynn,

Sir Jo. Monson, Sir Hen. Cafar, Sir Jo. Birkenhead, Sir Thorn. Strickland, Lord Fanshaw, Sir Wm. Smith, Sir Wm.

Gawdy, Colonel Egerton, Mr. HSir

tard. Sir Wm.Portman, Lord Hawley: And all the Mem-

bers that come are to have Voices: And they are to fit on Thursday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer-Chamber: And to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Frampton and Mr. Stillingfleete be desired to preach before this House, at St. Margaret's Church at Westminster, the Fast-Day appointed the Tenth of October next: And Colonel Windham is desired to give Notice hereof to Mr. Frampton; and Sir John Cotton to Mr. Stillingfleete.

Ordered, That the Dean of and Dr. Outrim

be desired to preach before this House, at St. Margaret's, Westminster, on the first Wednesday of the next Month, being the Day of the publick monthly Fast: And the Lord Ancram, and Sir Robert Long, or either of them, do give them Notice hereof.

Mr. Garraway reports, That he had attended the Lords) and that they had freely concurred with this House in their Vote: And that they would send to know his Majesty's Pleasure, When he would be attended j and give Notice thereof to this House.

Resolved, &c. That a Committee be appointed to look into the Laws, which restrain the Exportation of native Commodities; and to bring in a Bill for tranljxftting such Commodities as may be beneficial for the Good of the Kingdom.

And that it be referred to Mr. Pryn, Sir Robert kins, Mr. Jolly, Mr. Jones, Mr. , Sir Jo. Robinson, Mr. Coleman, Sir Geo. Downing, Sir Jo. Knight, Colonel Birch, Sir 7^. Shaw\ or any Five of them.

Ordered, That Leave be given for bringing in a Bill For Licence to export Tanned Leather.

9

And then due ..... adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Marti:, 25" Sept. 18* Car. II'1. Prayers.

QRdered, That these Members following be added to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; viz. Sir Rd-ger Bradshaw, Mr. Hungerford, Sir Jo. Bennet, Sir Herbert Price, Mr. Bertu, Sir Wm. Fleetwood, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Dalmahoy, Mr. Chetwin, Mr. Sam. Sir Wm.

Drake, Sir Thom. Meeres, Mr. Hatton, Mr. Darwin, Mr. Geo. Mountague.

A Bill to prevent Abuses by Certioraries and Habeas Corpora was read.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time on Monday next.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Nathanael Hobart and Sir John Cole

Mr. Speaker, The Lords appointed the Lord-Cham-berlain Yesterday to attend his Majesty, to know his Pleasure, When both Houses should attend him: And that his Majesty had appointed Three of the Clock this Afternoon, for both Houses to attend him) at the Banqueting^ House in Whitehall.

Resolved, See. That a Committee be appointed) to inquire into the Causes of the late Fire.

And that it be referred to Sir Charles Mr;

Sandys, Colonel Birch, Sir Robert , Sir Thom. Littleton, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Jones, Mr. Mr. Coven-

try, Serjeant Mainard, Sir Jo. Talbot, Mr. Morley, Mr; Garraway, Sir Francis Goodrick, Sir Solom. Swale; Sir Thom. Tompkins, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Finch, Lord Herbert; Sir Jo. Heath, Mr. Milward, Sir Richard Ford, Mr. Robert Milward, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Colonel

Strangwaies, Sir Edw. Maffey, Sir Edm. Walpoole; Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Thom. Cower, Mr. Trevor, Sir Thom; Clifford, Sir Henry Cafar, Sir Jo. Monson, Sir Job Charlton, Lord Ancram: And they are to meet To-morrow" at Two of ,$he Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Matter of the Publick Accompts) ordered to be brought in, be adjourned till ToMnorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That Mr; Brunckard have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

Ordered, That all Committees which were to fit this Afternoon, be adjourned; and do fit To-morfow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the several Places formerly mentioned.

The House adjourned till Two of the Clock in ihe Afternoon.

1 ' . ..... 1.. — 1 m 1 1 — — — . — . —

Poji Meridiem Marti:t25 Sept. 18 Car. IIdi.

THE House being met; and having adjourned till Eight of the Clock To. morrow Morning;

' Mr. Speaker* and the Members in a Body, went to attend his Majesty at Whitehall, with the Vote of both Houses.

- -.- --- - - -i-

Die Mercurit, 26° Sept* 18° v II41*

PrayirS.

A Petition of the Lord FitzwiUiarrts was read.

Ordered, That this Petition be referred Co the Committee of Privileges and Elections.

A Bill against the Importation of Foreign Cattle and Fish was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Pryn, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Mallet, Sir Wm. Lewis, SirTbom;

Gower, Colonel Strangwaies, Sir Sir

Higgons, Sir Thom. Tompkins, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Sir Wm. Coventry, Colonel Sandys, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Anthony Irby, Mr. Sollicitor-General, Mr. Coventry, Sir Thom. Allen, Sir John Holland, Sir Solom. Swale, Mr. Whorwood, Sir Jo. Morley Sir Fran. Lawley, Sir Richard 3 Wyit,'

628 Journals of the House of Commons. A. I

Wyn, Sir John Goodrich, Mr. Colonel Birch, Sir

Richard'Temple, Sir Robert Barnham, Mr. Pepis, Mr. Sandys, Sir Thom. Littleton, Mr. Sir John

Motifon, Sir Thom. Strickland, Mr. Lovelace, Sir Wm. Jlickman, Mr. Morris, Sir Francis Goodrich, Sir Edw. Maffey, Sir Thom. Clifford, Sir Roger Colonel

Whitley, Mr. Wyn, Sir John Knight, Colonel Phillips, Colonel Reatnes, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Robert Carr, Mr.

Waller, Sir Nico. Carew, Sir Phil. Musgrave, Sir Jo. Harrison, Sir Richard Braham, Lord Cajileton, Sir Edm. Wallpocle, LordFanfhaw, Mr Sir

Mr. Ashburnham, Colonel Kirkby, Mr. John Trevor: And

all the Members that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet on Friday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer-Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Philip Warwick acquaints Mr. Speaker, That he had several Papers in his Hands, which were very necessary, by way of Charge, to introduce the Publick Accompt; and were heretofore transmitted from the Lord Treasurer to his Majesty: Which he opened, and read to the House, in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Sir George Carteret, Treasurer of the Navy, produces

a Book of Accompt of the Publick Monies, by way of Charge and Discharge: Part of which he read to the House; and delivered the Book in at the Clerk's Table.

Colonel Legg, Lieutenant of the Ordnance, produces his Book of Accompt; and opened. In what Manner the Accompt was stated *, and delivered his Book in at the Clerk's Table.

-Sir John Duncombe produces Two several Books from the Office of the Ordnance, relating to the Accompts of the Navy-Stores: And, after he had opened the Manner of the Accompt, the Books were delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Resolved, Sec. That a Committee be appointed to inspect the several Accompts of the Officers of the Navy, Ordnance, and Stores.

And that it be referred to Sir Win. Lowther, Mr. Garraway, Sir Geo. Downing, Sir Thom. Littleton, Sir John Knight, Sir Thomas Tompkins, Colonel Birch, Sir Jo. Birkenhead, Sir Hen.Wood, Sir H Mr. Jones,

Mr. Hen. Coventry, Lord AllingMr. Whorwood, Mr.

Swynfen, Sir Richard Temple, Sir Warwick, Colonel Sands, Mr. Pryn, Sir John Shaw, Mr. Pleydall, Lord Ancram, Sir Thom. Lee, Mr. Spry, Sir Win. son, Sir John Holland, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Westphaling, Mr. Edw. Seymour, Mr. Waller, Sir Thom. Clifford, Colonel Strangwaies, Sir Wm. Lewis, Sir Doyley, Sir Thom. Strickland, Sir Robert Holt, Sir Thom. Gower, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Edw. Maffey, Sir Phil. Musgrave, Sir Robert Atkins, Mr. Jolliffe, Sir Robert Howard, Sir Wm. Coventry, Mr. Progers, Sir Sir Thom.

Clerges, Mr. Finch, Sir Allen Apjley, Sir Abra. Cullen, Sir Richard Ford, Sir Nico. Carew, Mr. Musgrave, Sir Richard Braham, Mr. Geo. Clarke: And all the Members that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Exchequer-Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And that the Commissioners of the Navy do, as soon as they can conveniently, bring in an Account to the Committee, of the Number of Ships and Men employed; and for what Time they were in Service.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morn-.' ing, Eight of the Clock.

Die Jovisj 2 70 Septemb. 18° Car. II41.

Prayers.

A Bill for extending a former Act, touching Replevins to Causes depending in the great Sessions of Wales, was read the First time.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read the Second time on Monday next.

A Bill for Regulation and Discipline of the Officers and Soldiers in his Majesty's Service and Pay was read the First time.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read the Second time on Tuesday next.

Ordered, That it be referred to Sir Lancelot Lake, Mr. Pryn, Sir John Brampfton, Sir Robert Atkins, Mr. Mil-ward, and the Lord Allington, to peruse such Bills in the Clerk's Custody, as were depending the last Sessions; and to bring into the House so many of them as they shall find most necessary to be passed.

A Bill to enforce Corporations to appear to Actions was read the Second time.

The Question being put. That the Bill be Committed; It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put. That the Bill be ingrafted;

It passed in the Negative.

A Bill to prevent clandestine Marriages was. read the Second time.

The Question being put, That the Bill be Committed; It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put. That the Bill be ingrossed \

It passed in the Negative.

Sir Robert Atkins' Report, from the Committee appoint-

ed to receive and prepare Prapofals, to be tendered to the House, for the Relief of the City of London, That, having fit Two Afternoons, and being divided in their Sense and Opinion, as to the Manner of the rebuilding the City, could come to no Resolution therein: And therefore Resolved, That it be referred to the House, as the humble Opinion of the Committee, That the House be humbly moved to resume the Consideration of rebuilding the City of London.

And the House having resumed and debated the Matter;

Resolved, Sec: That the further Debate of the Matter concerning the City of London be adjourned rill Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

. Resolved, Sec. That the Calling over the House be ad-' journed till Monday Morning.

Ordered, That all Committees, except the Committee to which the Matter concerning the Publick Accompts is referred, be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Mom-; ing, Eight of the Clock.

Die Veneris^ 28° Sept. 18° Car.

Prayers.

/T Rdered, That Sir Thom. Proby, Mr. Peregrine Bertue,

Mr. Herbert, Mr. Cheyne, Sir Thom. Dyke, Sir Barrington, Dr. Arras, Sir John Cotton, Sir Thom. Hig-gons, and Mr. Lovelace, have Leave to go into the Country for Ten Days and then to return, to attend the Service of the House.

Ordered,

r

i8 Car. II. Journals of the House of Commons. 629

Ordered, That John Gunter be sent for in Custody of fiioii and hear ail Parties concerned: And to lend fot Per-the Serjeant at Arms, for his Breach of Privilege, in fons, Papers, and Records.

causing Mr. John Lloyd, being a Servant to Sir IVm. Lewis, a Member of this House, to be served with a Process of Subpoena , and his taking out an Injunction against Sir Wm. Lewis and the said John and

serving him therewithal.

Sir IVm. Lowther reports, That the Committee for Iri-specting of Accompts did meet Yesterday; and, finding the Business very intricate, thought it necessary to make Sub-Committees, to prepare and facilitate some Matters in relation to the Accompts.

Ordered, That Leave be given to the Committee appointed to insped the publick Accompts, to name Sub-Committees; with such Directions as they shall find necessary.

A Bill for increasing the Stock of Money in the Kingdom was read.

Ordered, That this Bill be read again on Tuesday

next.

The House then resumed the Debate touching the City of London.

Resolved, &c. That the humble Thanks of this House be given to his Majesty, for his great Care and Endeavour to prevent the Burning of the City of London.

Ordered, That the House be adjourned till Monday

Morning.

Die Lunce, i° OElobris, i8° Hd‘.

Prayers.

/yRdered, That Sir Robert Long do sign the Papers of puhliek Accompts, delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That an Accompt of Prize-Goods and Chest-Monty be brought into the House.

A Petition of Sir IVm. Godo was read. Ordered, That this Petition be referred to the Committee of Elections , to examine the Proceedings of the Committee; and certify the Matter to the House.

A Petition of Humphry Blake and John Sparrow was read.

Ordered, That this Petition be referred to the Committee to which the Bill for enlarging the Time of Redemption of Mortgages, made by the Earl of Cleeveland and the Lord Wentworth, was committed.

A Petition of Wm. Clapham, George , arid other

Merchants, on Behalf of themselves, and others, formerly trading to the Canary Islands, was read.

Resolved, &c. That the Petition be Committed to Mr. Seymour, Mr. Sprye, Mr. Sollicitor-General, Mr. Trevor, Sir Richard Temple, Sir Thom. Gower, Mr. Fowell, Mr. Prideaux, Colonel Windham, Colonel , Mr. cock. Sir Jo. Holland, Sir Jo. Knight, Mr. Sir

Geo. Downing, Sir Thom. Clifford, Sir Charles Harbored Mr. Musgrave, Sir Thom. Allen, Sir Mr.

Pryn, Sir Robert Atkins, Lord AlUngton , Sir rew. Sir Jo. Warre, Mr. Pepis, Mr. Waller; Mr. Coventry, Sir Thom. Littleton, Mr. Morris, Sir Richard Mr. Jay, Colonel Strangwaies, Sir Jo. Talbott, Mr. Edw. Seymour: And all the Members that shall come are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer-Chamber; and to take the same of the Petitioners into Consideration; and to look into the Conveniency or Incon-veniency of the present Corporation: And to fend for their Charter, and other Records, Papers, and Pei fons: And to look into the former Laws against Monopolies } and examine, How they are observed , and wherein it is fit to reinforce them.; and report the Matter to the House.

Ordered, That the Calling of the Hotife be adjourned till This-day-sevennight.

Ordered, That Sir Edw. Thurland, Dr. Mr.

Gray, Sir Geo. Stonehouse, Mr. Jertings, Sir John Lewk-nor, and Sir John Morley, be added to the Committee of Ekdions.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

A Bill for Relief of Creditors, against the Warden of the Fleet, and Marshal of the King's-Bench, was read.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow.

A Bill to encourage the Planting and Sowing of Hemp and Flax was read.

Resolved, Sic. That this Bill be read the Second time on Tkurjday next.

A Bill to enlarge the Time limited by a former Act, for Redemption of Mortgages made by the Earl of Cleeveland and the Lord Wentworth, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir Richard Braham, Lord St. John, Mr. Sir John Denham, Major-General Eger ton. Sir. Norton Co-

lonel Birch, Mr. Taylor, Sir Jo. Birkenhead, Colonel Strangwaies, Sir Edm. Peirce, Lord Ancram, Sir Edw. Mafoers, Sir Robert Bemham, Sir Lowther, Sir So-lent. Swale, Mr. Geo. Mountague, Colonel Reames, Sir Thom. Gower, Sir Thom. Tompkins, Sir Chichester Sir Wm. Smith, Sir Jo. Bennet, Mr. Lovelace, Sir James Smith, Colonel Sandys, Mr. Westphaling, Colonel Windham, Mr. Sandys, Sir Allen Apjley, Sir Ralph Bancks, Sir Thom. Clerges, Sir Geo. Courthop, Sir Edm. Bowyer: And they are to meet on Thursday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber , and to sum-

Die Martis, OEl. 2°, 18 Car. II41.

Pray erS.

CJRdered, That Sir Robert , Sir Charles,

Sir John Warre, Sir Charles Harbord, Mr. St. John, Sir Wm. Strickland, Mr. Thomas, Mr. Walter Strickland, Mr. Paulett, Lord St. John, Lord Castleton, Sir Edward Masters, Sir Thom. Crew, Sir Phil. Warwick, Mr. Fowell, Mr. Sherrard, Colonel Strode, and Sir Jordan Grojland, be added to the Committee of Elections.

Ordered, That Sir Maurice Berkley, Mr. Pepis, Sir Thom. Alien, Mr. Morice, Sir Richard Everard, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Marvell, Sir Wm.Hickman, Sir Serjeant Mainard, be added to the Committee appointed to inquire into the Causes of the late Fire.

A Paper, complaining of Grievances to the indigent loyal Officers by the General-Receivers detaining their Money, was read.

Ordered, That Charles Grills Esquire, Receiver-General for the County of Cornwall, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, or his Deputy, for his Misdemeanor, and Abuse in detaining the Monies payable to the indigent loyal Officers.

7 U Ordered,

! byGiOOglg

630 Journals of the House of Commons. A. 1666.

Ordered, That Sir George , Receiver-General for the County of Lancaster, Knight and Baronet, be sent

for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, or his Deputy; for his Misdemeanor, and Abuse, in detaining the Monies payable to the indigent loyal Officers.

Ordered, That Walter Pritch, and other Executors

of Mr. Wm. Jones, be summoned to attend this House, to give an Account touching the Monies due to the indigent loyal Officers, received by the Testator Mr. Jones.

the Navy, or any other Persons whom they shall think necessary.

Ordered, That Sir George have Leave to go

into the Country.

And then the House adjourned till Eight of

the Clock in the Morning.

Die Jovis,40 Ocfobr, 18° Car. Ild‘.

Prayers.

Ordered, That Wm. Palmes, Receiver-General for the County of Rutland, Esquire, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, or his Deputy; for his Misdemeanors, and Abuse, in detaining the Monies payable to the indigent loyal Officers.

Ordered, That Ralph Butkley, Receiver-General for the County of Anglesey, Esquire, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, or his Deputy; for his Misdemeanor, and Abuse, in detaining the Money payable to the indigent loyal Officers.

Resolved, &c. That a Committee be appointed to look into the Act for raising the Monies for the indigent loyal Officers; and to consider of further Remedies, if the Act be not already sufficient for recovering the Money in Arrear, and Damages lor the Time it hath been detained: And that it be referred to Sir Robert Sir Wm.

Doyley, Sir Wm. Smith, Lord Richardson, Mr. Wren, Colonel Whitley, Mr. Ayres, Sir James Smith, Sir Thom. Gower, Colonel Windham, Sir Thom. Tomkins, Sir Jo. Birkenhead, Sir Richard Oatley, Mr. Morice, Sir Robert Atkins, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Street, Colonel Gilby, Sir Wm. Hickman, Mr. Scowen, Sir Richard Everard, Sir Tal-

bot, Mr. Pryn, Sir Antho.Irby, Mr. Coleman', or any Five of them: And they are to meet on Thursday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Star-Chamber *, and to consider of Expedients, How the Money due upon Offices may be collected, and paid in; and also to examine and state the Accompts touching the Monies payable to the indigent loyal Officers; and to report the Matter to the House: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for Preservation of his Majesty's Stores of Powder and Ammunition was read.

The Question being propounded, That the Bill be read the Second time;'

And the Question being put, That the main Question for reading the Bill the Second time be now put;

The House was divided.

The Noes went out.

Sir Thom. Strickland, 7 t- 1 xt

Sir John Goodrick. J For the Noes, 102.

Sir Them. Littleton, ? t? v

Mr. Garaoony, J For the Ycas- 9»-

And so it passed in the Negative.

Refolded, See. That a Committee be appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill to prevent the Imbezlement of the Stores of Powder and Ammunition: And that it be referred to Sir John Duncombe, Sir Wm. Coventry, Sir Richard Temple, Mr. Henry Coventry, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Thom. Littleton, Sir Thomas Gower, Mr. Waller, Colon; 1 Birch, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Garway, Sir Edm. Pooley, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Thom. Lee, Mr.

ward, Mr. Sollicitor-General, Sir Thom. Clifford, Lord

Alteram, Colonel Legg, Colonel Strangwaies, Sir John Goodrick, Sir Thom. Strickland, Colonel Williams, Sir Geo. Carteret, Sir Robert Carr: And they are to meet, in the Speaker's Chamber, on Thursday at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And receive Information from the Officers of

f\Rdered, That the Thanks of this House be given to Dr. Dolbyn, Dean of Westminster, and to Dr. Outrun,

Rector of St. Margaret's Wejhfor the Sermons, by them preached before this House Yesterday: And the Lord Ancram and Sir Robert Long are desired to return them the Thanks of this House.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to look into the former Laws against Atheism, Profaneness, Debauchery, and Swearing , and to examine. Whether they are defective, and wherein; and whether there be any Neglect in putting the Laws in Execution; and to report the Matter, and their Opinions therein, to the House: And that it be referred to the Master of the Rolls, Sir Thom. Tompkins, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Richard Temple, Colonel Reames, Sir Edw. Majfey, Sir Anthony Irby, Sir Job Charlton, Sir Phil. Musgrave, Mr. Pepis, Sir Wm. , Colonel Strangwaies, Serjeant Seis, Sir Thom. Allen, Mr. Prynn, Sir Jo. Birkenhead; or any Five of them: And they are to meet at Two of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Job Charlton reports from the Committee of Elections, That, in the Matter of Election between Mr. Gray, and Mr. Collingwood, the Committee were in Doubt,-Whether the Petition of Mr. Grey could regularly be received.

.The Question being put. That the Committee of Elections be ordered to receive the Petition of Mr. Grey,

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Tellers,

Sir Henry Capell, 7 For the Yeas 07

Sir Lancelot Lake, J for the leas, 97.

Sir Philip Howard, 7 r v o'

Sir nA. Dolman, J For the Noes, 87.

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative, That the Committee of Elections do receive the Petition of Thomas Grey Esquire.

A Meffiage from the Lords, by Sir Hobert and

Mr. ProHor-,

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill, intituled, An Act for Naturalization of Isabella of Naff awe. Wife of the Right Honourable the Lord Arlington, one of his Majesty's principal Secretaries of State: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Resolved, &c. That this House will resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Thursday next, to take into Consideration the Matter of his Majesty's Sup-

Pty-

Ordered, That the Committee, appointed to inspect the publick Accompts, do hasten their Report of the Estimate of the Charge of the War, for the Two last Years: And that the Committee do fit this Afternoon; and give such further Instructions to the Sub-Committee as they shall find necessary.

Ordered, That Mr. Pepis have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

.Ordered,

2

Ordered, That Sir John Hand Dr.

be added to the Committee to whom die Bill concerning the Earl of Cleeveland is committed.

And then the I louse adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Veneris, 5* , 1666.

A Bill to preserve the Fry and Spawn of Fish. in fresh Rivers was read.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read the Second time on Monday next.

Resolved, &c. That a Committee be appointed to confer with such of the Lords, the Judges, and other Persons of the Long Robe, who have already taken Pains, and made Progress, in perusing the Statute-Laws; and to consider of repealing such former Statute-Laws as they shall find necessary to be repealed; and of Expedients of reducing all Statute-Laws of one Nature, under such a Method and Head as may conduce to the more ready Understanding, and better Execution, of such Laws: And that it be referred to Sir , Sir Robert

Atkins, Serjeant Mainard, Colonel , Mr.

Mountague, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Lane. , Mr. Millward, Sir Solom. Swale, Sir ‘Thom. , Mr.

pis, Sir Wm. Lowther, Mr. Sollicitor-General, Mr.

Mr. Crouch, Mr. Coleman, Sir John , Sir 'Thom.

Allen, Sir Thom. Littleton, Mr. , Mr. , and

all the Members of this House that are of the Long Robe , or any Five of them: And they are to meet at Two of the Clock on Saturday next, in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber; and to fit de die in diem: And to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Edw. Seymour reports, from the Committee to which the Bill against Importing of foreign Cattle . . some Amendments, agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

And the Two first Amendments being twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to;

The Third Amendment being read the Second time; and debated;

The Question being put. That the Bill be re-committed, upon the present Debate;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Tellers,

Colonel Btrch, J

Sir Edw. Maffty. f FortheYtas. 106.

Mr. Chetwin, ? For the Noes 102

Mr. Weld, J ror the JNoes, 102.

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative, That the Bill be re-committed upon die present Debate.

Ordered, That this Committee do fit Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That all Committees which were to fit this Afternoon, except the Committee to inspect the publick Accompts, be adjourned till Saturday next. Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Sabbati, 6° OSlobr, 18° . II41.

Prayers.

AN additional Bill to enable a Sale of Lands for Payment of the Lord Strangfordts Debts was read. Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time on Tuesday next.

An ingrossed Bill for Naturalizing of of

sawe. Wife of the Right Honourable the Lord one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, was read.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time on Tuesday next.

A Bill for extending a former Act, touching Replevins to Causes depending in Wales, was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be committed to Sir John Knight, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Solom. Swale, Mr. Mill-ward, Mr. Onslow, Mr. SandysSir Robert Atkins, Sir Geo. Downing, Sir Wm. Lewis, Sir Rowland Berkley, Mr. -Herbert, Sir Geo. Reeve, Mr. Coleman, and all the Members of this House that serve for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet on Monday at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon; in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill to enable Henry Kendall Esquire to fell Lands was read.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read the Second time on Tuesday next.

A Bill for increasing the Stock of Coin in the Kingdom was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be committed to the former Committee, appointed to consider of Means to advance the native Manufactures, and the Stock of Coin: And that the Committee be revived; and do fit this Afternoon.

And Mr. Mainard is added to the Committee.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to consider. What native Commodities are fit to be exported, be joined and added to the Committee appointed to consider of Means to advance the Manufactures of this Nation: And that the Committee do fit this Afternoon; and be impowered to proceed -on the whole Matters jointly, which were formerly referred to either of the said Committees; and pursue the Directions of the former Orders.

Sir Job Charlton reports from the Committee of Elections, touching the Election for the City of Briftoll, That the Committee had examined the Matter referred, and perused the Report of the Committee; and the Vote of the House thereupon, bearing Date the 16 of Mery, 13* Car. IIdi Regis: Which he read, in his Place, to the House: And also informed the House of Two Petitions; one heretofore preferred by the Bufgefles of the City of Briftoll to the Committee of Elections; and another lately by them tendered, to be presented to the House: Which he delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

The Question being put. That it be referred to the Committee of Elections, to hear the Merits of the Cause touching the Election for the City of Briftoll;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Tellers,

§ifflsgul ForthcYe"'*

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative, That it be referred to the Committee of Elections, to hear the Merits of the Cause touching the Election for the City of

Briftoll.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Francklyn and Sir John Wart have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

And then the House adjourned till Monday, Eight of the Clock.

Die

6yz Journals of the House of Commons. i

Die Luna:, 8° OBobris, 18° Car. II'11.

Prayers.

f\Rdered, That the Accompt of Prize-Goods and Chest-Money be brought in to the Committee appointed to inspect the publick Accompts, Tomorrow in the Afternoon *, to be examined by the Committee; and report it to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do iflfue a Warrant to the Clerk of the Grown, to make out a Writ, for electing a Citizen to serve for the City of , instead of

Richard Goddard, Esquire, deceased.

A Bill to enable Sir ‘Thomas to receive Satis-

faction of Four thousand Five hundred and Fifty Pounds, due to Elizabeth late Counted of was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second tune on Friday, next.

Mr. Seymour reports from the Committee to which the Bill against Importation of foreign Cattle and Fish was re-committed, upon the Debate of the Third Amendment, formerly made by the Committee, to the Bill, touching the Manner of Seizure, That the Committee had met, and agreed a further Clause to be added to the former Amendment: Which he read, with the Coherence*, and delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: And the Clause being twice read;

The Question being put. That the Words " of the same County" be added after the Word " Peace j"

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put. That the' Word " some," instead of the Word, " the next," ..... before the Word " Justice v"

It was resolved in the Affirmative: And the Clause amended accordingly.

The Fourth Amendment, to the Thirteenth Line of the Third Page, was twice read.

Resolved, &c. That the Words " , with the

Members thereof" be added, after the Word " Port;'* and the Words " of Liverpool " omitted.

Which was done accordingly.

The Question being put. That the Words " or Whitehaven" be added, after " thereof "

It passed in the Negative.

The last Amendment was twice read *, and, upon the Question, agreed to.

Refelvedy &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Resolved, See. That the Calling of the House be adjourned till Monday next.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Long be desired to bring the Papers concerning the publick Accompts (which he was to sign) unto the Committee appointed to inspect the publick Accompts, this Afternoon.

Sir George Downing reports from the Committee appointed for Advance of the Manufactures of this Nation, and to prevent Excels inUfing of foreign Commodities, That the Committee had agreed upon Two Resolves to be tendered to the House: Which he read to the House *, and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: And were twice read; being as followeth *,

That the Committee may have Liberty to draw up and tender a Bill for the prohibiting the Importation of all Sorts of Manufactures and Commodities whatsoever, of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of France, and of all other Lands and Places in tire Possession of the French King, for time.

That, for the Prevention of the Importing of great Quantities thereof, while this Bill should be depending and passing, his Majesty be humbly moved, in tire mean

time, to issue out his Proclamation, prohibiting ftricftly the Importation thereof, into any Part or Place of this Kingdom, or Town of Berwickeupon Tweed.

The Question being put, That the Committee have Liberty to draw up and tender a Bill to the House, for the prohibiting the Importation and Use of all Sorts of Manufactures and Commodities whatsoever, of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of France, and of all other Lands and Places in the Possession of the French King, for time *,

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being pur, That his Majesty be humbly moved to issue out his Proclamation, prohibiting strictly the Importation of all Sorts of Manufactures and Commodities whatsoever, of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of France, and of all other Lands and Places in the Possession of the French King, into any Port or Place of this Kingdom, or Town of upon

Tweed-,

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, See. That the Concurrence of the Lords be desired to this Vote.

That Sir George Downing do go up to the Lords foe their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Mom*

ing. Eight of the Clock.

Die Mortis, 90 OSiobris, 18° Car. II«.

Prayers.

A Bill against Atheism, Profaneness, and Swearing, was read.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time on Friday next.

A Petition of George Smith Merchant was read. Ordered, That this Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to consider the Charter of the Canary Company, to examine the Matter of the Petition; and report the Matter of Fact, and their Opinions, to the House: And that these Members following be added to the Committee; Sir Willfrid Lawson, Sir Thomas Strickland, Sir John Frederick, Sir Robert Carre, Mr. , Mr. Dawson, Sir Phil. Musgrave, Sir Richard Eve-rard. Sir John Dawney, Sir Wm. Doyley, Sir Richard Oat-ley, Sir Thom. Allen, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Wm. Gawdy, and all the Members that serve for the City of London; and those that serve for the Out-Ports: And all that come are to have Voices.

Another Petition of divers Traders in Woolen Manufactures of Welsh Cottons, and Plains , was

read.

Ordered, That this Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to' consider the Charter of the Canary Company *, to examine the Matter of the Petition; and report the Matter of Fad, and their Opinions, to the House: And that these Members following be added to the Committee; Sir Willfrid Lawson, Sir Thom. Strickland, Mr. Dawson, Sir Phil. Musgrave, Sir John Freder rick. Sir Robert Carre, Mr. Street, Sir Richard Oatley, Sir Thomas Allen, Sir Richard Everard, Sir John Dawney, Sir Wm. Doyley, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Wm. Gawdy; and all the Members that serve for the City of London j and those that serve for the Out-Ports: And all that come are to have Voices.

Another Petition of several Owners and Commanders of Ships was read.

Ordered, That this Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to consider the Charter of the Canary Company to examine the Matter of the Petition; and report the Matter of Fact, and their Opinions, to the House: And that these Members following be added to, the Committee , Sir Willfrid Lawson, Mr. Dawson, Sir

Thom.

Thom. Strickland, Sir John F, Sir Robert

Mr. Street, Sir Richard Oatley, Sir Thom. Allen, Sir Phil. Musgrave, Sir Richard Sir Jo&w Dawney,

Sir Wm. Doyley, Sir Robert AtSir and

all the Members that serve for the City of , and

those that serve for the Out-Ports: And all that come are to have Voices.

A Petition of many poor Weavers, Tockers, and Spinners of the County of Glou was read.

Ordered, That this Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to consider of the Improvements of our native Manufactures; to examine the Matter of the Petition; and report it, with their Opinions therein, to the House: And that they do also inspect the Laws in Force, touching Parish-Stocks; and examine the Defeats therein, or in putting the same in Execution , and to consider of Means to improve the Stock for setting the Poor on Work in the several Parishes; as also of the further Suspension of the Charter of the Merchant-Adventurers, for some time; and of Convoys for a Guard of such Ships as shall be employed in Trade; and report their Opinions to the House: And that these Members following be added to the Committee , viz. SirWm. Lowther, Sir Richard Ford) Colonel Reames, Sir Wm. D, Mr. , Colonel

Birch, Mr. Hobby, Sir C<efar Sir Geo. Down-

ing) Mr. Seamour, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Thom. Strickland, Sir Wm. Lewis, Sir Thom. Allen, Colonel Sandys, Sir Richard Everard, Mr. Swynfen, Mr. Bifcawen, Sir Richard Breames, Lord Hawley, Sir Wm. Tompson, Mr.

Jolly, Sir Phil. Musgrave, Mr. Jones, Mr. Streete, Sir Richard Temple, Sir John Frederick, Sir The of Biddolph, Mr. Millward, Sir Robert Carre, Sir Capell Lucking.

A Bill to encourage the Planting and Sowing of Hemp and Flax was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Colonel Birch, Mr. Coleman, Sir Thorn. Allen, Mr. Dowdeswell, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Robert Carre, Sir John Birkenhead, Colonel "Reames, Mr. Crouch, Mr. , Colonel

Strangwaies, Mr. Hobby, Sir Rich Ford, Colonel Windham, Sir Richard Temple, Sir Wm. Tompson, Mr. nard. Sir Job Chart on. Sir Wm. Fleetwood, Sir John Knight, Sir John Birkenhead, Colonel Sandys, Mr. Mountague, Sir

Geo. Downing, Sir John Bennet, Mr. Six Richard

Oatley, Sir Phil. Musgrave, Serjeant Seys, Lord Castle-ton, Mr. Wren, Sir John Newton, Sir John Cotton, Mr. Garraway, Sir Robert Atkins, Mr. Waller, Sir Robert Carre, Mr. P-,yn, Sir Allen Apjley, Sir John Frederick, Sir Thom. Clerges, Sir John Goodrich, Sir John Pelham, Sir

John Norton, Mr. Swynfen, Sir John Shawe, Sir Solom. Swale, Sir Robert Carre, Sir John Downey, Sir Thom. Littleton, Sir Francis Goodrick: And they are to meet on Friday at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer-Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, &c. That a Committee be appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill for Prevention of Duelling: And that it be referred to Mr. Secretary Morice, Mr. Coleman, Sir Robert Atkins, Mr. Prynn, Sir Charles Harbord, Serjeant Seys, Sir Job Charlton, Serjeant Mainard, Sir Solom. Swale, Mr. Hen. Coventry, or any Three of themAnd they are to meet at Two of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And to consider the Penalties on such as Hull give Provocations, and for Reparations to stich as shall be injured or provoked.

Ordered, That Sir John Pelham, Sir Geo. Hungerford, Sir Wm. Lewis, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Mr. Bifcawen, Sir

Richard Everard, Sir Thom. Wendy, Mr. Sir

John Brampston, Mr. Hungerford, and all the Members,

that serve for die City of Lond, be added to the Committee appointed to consider of the Causes of the late Fire.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Carre, Sir Thom. Clerges, Colonel Windham, Mr. Scudamore, Sir Wm. Doyley, Sir Edm. Wallpoole, Colonel Reames, Sir Thorn. Littleton, Sir Ri-

chard Oateley, Sir Thom. Allen, be added to the Committee to which the Matter touching the indigent loyal Officers is referred.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to inspedF the publick Accompts have Leave to fit Tomorrow, after Evening Service.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill concerning Martial Discipline be read at Ten of the Clock on Friday Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Millward, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Weld, Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Price, Sir Dr. Arris, Sir Charles Harbord, Mr. Humphry Weld, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Thom. Allen, Sir John , Sir

Richard Temple, Sir John Newton, Sir Richard Sir John Napper, Mr. Ayre, Mr. St. John, Sir Anthony Irby, Sir Walter St. John, Mr. Low, Sir Richard , be added to the Committee to which ... Bill concerning the Earl of Cleeveland is committed.

Die Jervis, ii° OElobrisy 18° Car. IIdl.

Prayers.

fXRdered, That the Thanks of this House be returned to Mr. Frampton and Mr. for the Ser-

mons by them preached Yesterday before this House: And that they be desired to print their Sermons: And Colonel Edm. Windham and Sir John Cotton are to return the Thanks, and acquaint them with the Desires, of the House.

Ordered, That Dr. Dalbyn Dean of and

Dr. Outrim Rector of St. Margaret's, Westminster, be desired to print the Sermons by them preached before the House the last publick Fast-Day: And that the Lord An-cram and Sir Robert Long are to acquaint them with the Desires of the House.

A Bill to preserve the Spawn and Fry of Fiffi in fresh Rivers was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Mr. Street, Mr. Pryn, Sir Solom. Swale, Sir John Goodrick, Lord Allington, Mr. Brunckard, Sir Robert Carre, Mr.

Hungerford, Colonel Kirkby, Sir Edw. Masters, Sir Robert Atkins, Mr. Phillip, Mr. Hoby, Sir Rowland Berkley, Mr. Barnaby, Sir Richard Oatley, Sir Wm. Smith, Sir

Thom. Tompkins, Sir Richard Everard, Mr. Devereux, Mr. Herbert, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Thom. Gower, Mr. Hobby, Sr Humphry Wynch, Mr. Mainard, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Weld, Mr. Clarke, Sir James Thynn, Sir Wm. Doyley, Sir Thomas Clerges, Sir Richard Braham, Sir Capell Luckin, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Bulteele, Mr. Pleydall, Sir Humphry Wynch, Sir John Denham, Sir John Shawe, Sir Edm. Pearfe, Sir John Sir

Wm. Lewis, Sir Abraham Cullen, Sir Hen. Wood, Sir John Knight, Mr. Chetwyn, Mr. Dawson, Mr. Daniell, SirWm.

Gawdy, Colonel Strode, Sir Francis Vincent: And all the Members that shall come are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer-Chamber , and to inspect the former Laws of this Nature now in Force; and to reduce them into one Law, if they can: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

7 X Ordered,

____

Ordered, That all further Proceedings in the Cause depending in Chancery, wherein Dean Hardy is Plaintiff, against Mr. Herbert, a Member of this House, be stayed during the Sessions of this Parliament.

Ordered, That Dean Hardy do attend the Committee of Privileges, to give an Account, Who the Person was, that was employed to serve the Order of Chancery on Mr. Herbert.

Ordered, That the Person who served the Order in

Chancery on Mr. Herbert, a Member of this House, be,

for his Breach of Privilege, sent for in Custody by the Serjeant at Arms, or his Deputy.

Sir Wm. Lowther reports from the Committee appointed to inspect the publick Accompts, That the Committee had met several times* and taken great Pains and had drawn up a Report, in Writing, for the better Information of the House: Which he opened, and read in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

And being debated;

Resolved, &c. That Thirty thousand Pounds, for the Charge of Tick and wounded Men, and Prisoners, be added to the Accompt and Estimate reported from the Committee.

The Question being put. That the Sum of Fifty-four thousand Pounds be added to the Estimate brought in by the Committee,

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Tellers,

} With the ..

SffetSSt. j With the Noes, ,71.

And so it passed ill the Negative.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, in the Estimate by them brought in, with the Addition of Thirty thousand Pounds.

The Question being propounded. That the Debate concerning the King's Supply be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock;

And the Question being put. That the Question be now put,

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the main Question being put. That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Tellers,

j For thfi Yeas: With ,49-

Mr. J For the Noes: With 125.

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to peruse the Laws be revived , and do fit Tomorrow in the Afternoon, in the Place formerly appointed: And Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Edw. Thurland, and Mr. , are

added to the Committee.

And then the House adjourned till.. morrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

DieVmeris, i 2 O&cb18° Car. IIdl.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, lent from the Lords, for Naturalizing of Isabella of Naff awe. Wife of the Right Honourable the Lord Arlington, one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir Solorn. Swale, Sir John Bennet, Sir John > Sir John

Heath, Sir Thom. Clifford, Sir Wm. , Sir Thom.

Gower, Mr. Coleman, Mr. Gray, Sir Allen, Mr. Darwyn, Sir Thom. Wendy, Sir Lancelot Lake, Mr. Pryn, Lord Fanfbaw, Mr. Herbert, Sir Higgons, Sir Robert Carr, Mr. W Jlpbaling, Sir Richard Oateley, Sir Edm.

Wallpoole, Mr. Brunckard, Sir James Thynn, Mr. Mill-ward, Colonel Windham:And they are to meet on Mon-

day at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill to make good a Recovery, heretofore suffered by Bonham Fance, was read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time on Monday next.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in to rettify Abuses in Attornies: And that it be recommended to Mr. Pryn and Mr. Dowdeswell, to bring in the Bill.

A Bill to prevent Abuses by and Habeas

Corpus was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. Thit the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Harbord, Mr. Pryri, Sir John Knight, Serjeant Seis, Mr. Dowdfwell, Mr. Wefiphaling, Mr. Hardreffe^ Mr. Coleman, Sir Edm. Peirce, Sir Robert Atkins, Mr. Millward, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Richard Oateley, and all the

Members of this House that are of the Long Robe: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges, to examine the Matter of the Breach of Privilege objected against Ralph Grange and George Bowes, in causing the Servant of Mr. Bernard Greenevile,a Member of this

House, to be arrested.

An additional Bill, to enable the Sale of Lands, for the Payment of the Lord Strangford' % Debts, was read the Second time.

The Question being put. That the Bill be Committed j The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Tellers,

SSSSEEK? j For the Yeas, too.

52KJE& J For the Noes, 78.

And lb it was resolved in the Affirmative; That the Bill be committed to Lord Fitzharding, Mr. Coventry, Sir Wm. Doyley, Mr. Mountagae, Mr. Coleman, Sir Masters, Colonel Sandys, Sir Jo. Newton, Mr.

Sir Solorn. Swale, Sir Thom. Gower, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Thom. Higgons, Mr. Ayres, Mr. Waller, Sir Edw. Phillips, Colonel Robert Phillips, Sir Edm. Pearfe, Mr. Millward, Sir Job Charlton, Sir Hen.

Telverton, Sir John Cotton, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Millward, Lord Cajlleton, Sir Abraham Cullen, Serjeant Sir

Richard Brabam, Mr. Ford, Colonel Edw. Phillips, Sir Robert Barnham, Sir Norton Knatchbold, Colonel,

Sir Edw. Thurland, Sir John Birkenhead, Mr. Bifcawen, Colonel Progers, Sir John Pelham, Sir James Smith, Mr. Morice, and all the Members that serve for the County of Kent: And they are to meet on Monday at Two of 3 the

18 Car. II

Journals of the House of Commons.

the Clock in the Afternoon-, in the Speaker's Chamber -, and to summon and hear all Parties concerned; and to fend for the Deed , and examine. Whether the Suggestion of the Mistake be true: And to expunge the Two Clauses, in the latter End of the Bill^ concerning a Sale of the Lands at Twenty Years Purchase; and for securing the Estate and Person of the Lord Strangford from Suits and Arrests.

A Petition of Eliah Hicks, and others, was read. Resolved, &c. That the Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to consider of the Charter of the Canary Company; and to examine the Matter of the Petition; and report it, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Ordered, That the House be resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to take Consideration of his Majesty's Supply.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker left the Chair: And

Mr. Millward took the Chair of the Committee;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair;

Mr. Millward reports from the Committee of the whole House, That the Committee had passed a Vote, That the House be desired to give Direction to the Committee for their Proceeding.

The Question being put. That the House do give Du-rection to the Committee for their Proceeding;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, &c. That it be referred, as an Instruction, to the Committee of the whole House, to consider of the most effectual Means they can, for railing Eighteen hundred thousand Pounds for his Majesty's Supply.

Resolved, &c. That the House will, Tomorrow Momr ing at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed upon his Majesty's Supply.

Ordered, That all Committees which were to fit this Afternoon, be adjourned; and do fit Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Sabbati* 13 OEi, 18 Car. IT"*

Prayers.

Resolved, See. That the Hoilfe will, oh Monday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve into a Committed of the whole House, to proceed in the Consideration of the effectual Railing of the Eighteen hundred thousand Pounds for his Majesty's Supply.

Ordered, That no Pages, Footmen, or Footboys, be suffered to be in any of the Lobbies, or oh the Stairs leading to the House, during the Sitting of the House: And that the Serjeant at Arms do take care to put this Order in Execution;

Ordered, That Sir Wm.Windham and Sir gerford be added to the Committee of Elections.

Ordered, That Lord St. John, Sir Courtney Poole, Sir Jonathan Trelawney, Mr. Hardrejfe, Sir Geo. Fletcher, Co-

lonel Norton, Sir Francis LawleyMr. Ome, Sir Thomas Carew, Mr. Prideaux, Sir Phil. Howard, be added to the Committee of Privileges and Elections.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to consider of the Charter of the Canary Company be revived; and do fit on Tuesday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Place formerly appointed;

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock;

Die Lunte, 15 OEiobris, i 8° Car. IP

Prayers.

SIR Robert Long reports. That he has perused the Papers which were brought in by Sir Philip Warwick *, and, upon Examination of them with the Records*' finds foihe finall Difference in point of Form and Circumstance; but that they do agree in Matter of Substance: And that he hath drawn out Extracts from the Record: Which, being signed, he delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Papers signed by Sir Robert , and delivered in at the Clerk's Table, be referred to the Committee appointed to inspect the publick Accompts; to compare, the same with the Papers formerly delivered in by Sir Philip Warwick; and to examine. Wherein they differ; and to certify the Matter, with their Opinions, to the House: And that the Committee be revived; and do fit this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Place formerly appointed, being the Exchequer-Chamber.

T) Efolved, See. That this House doth agree with the:

*1 Committee of Elections, in their Order for the Mayor of the City of Briftoll*s Attendance before them.

An ingrafted Bill against importing Foreign Cattle arid Fish was read.

The Question being put. That this Amendment be made to the Bill; viz. to the End of next Session of Parliament," instead of " to the End of the Fifft Session of the next Parliament ;*

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, That the Bill do pals

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Tellers,

}F"theV'"* ,es.

J For the Noe*. 104*

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, &c. That the Title shall be. An Act against importing Cattle from Ireland, arid other Parts beyohd the Seas, and Fish taken by Foreigners.

And Mr. Seamour is to carry up the Bill to the Lords.

Ordered, That the Committee to which the Matter touching the indigent loyal Officers was referred; be revived j and do fit at Two of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Place formerly appointed;

Ordered, 'I'hat the Committee to which the Bill to extend a former Act, touching Avowries and Replevins, was committed, be revived; and do fit this Afternoon at *£wo of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Committee to which the Bill to encourage the Planting and Sowing of Hemp and Flax was committed, be revived; and do fit this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Inner Court of Wards.

Sir Charles Harbord reports, from the Committee tdf which the Bill for enlarging the Time given by a former Act, for Redemption of Mortgages made by the Earl of Cleeveland, some Amendments agreed to be made, and Provisoes to be added, to, the Bill: Which were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

A Proviso, for saving the Rights of George Mountague Esquire, was tendered; and twice read.

Resolved,

Journals of the House of Commons. A. I

Resolved, &c. That the Proviso be agreed to, and made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Proviso, ingrossed, for the saving the Right of the Lady Poole.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments and Provisoes' agreed, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges, to examine the Abuse, in publishing the Name of Sir Robert Atkinf, in a printed Paper; and, Who was the Author and Printer of that Paper , and report the Matter to the House.

Resolved, &c. That the House be resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed upon his Majesty's Supply.

And according.. Mr. Speaker left the Chair: And

Mr. Milliard took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Mill-ward reports, That the Committee had made some Progress in the Consideration of the Means of the effectual raising the Eighteen hundred thousand Pounds Supply for his Majesty: And humbly moves, that the House would resolve into a Committee again Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock, to proceed in the further Debate thereof.

Resolved, See. That this House resolve into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock, to proceed in the further Debate of the Way and Means of the effectual raising the Eighteen hundred thousand Pounds Supply for his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

ther. Sir Riebard Oatley, Mr. be added to the

Committee to which the Bill concerning Hemp and Flax is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Daniell, Sir Thom. Mr.

Devereux, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir James Thyn, Mr. Coleman, Mr. Dowdfwell, Mr. Churchill, Sir Thom.

Sir Thom. Tompkins, Mr. Mill-ward, Lord St. John, Sir Edm. Pearfe, Sir Thom. Allen, Mr. Hungerford, be added to the Committee appointed to inquire into the Causes of the late Fire.

Ordered, That the House do resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Debate of the Means of effectual raising Eighteen hundred thousand Pounds Supply for his Majesty.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker left the Chair: And

Mr. Mill-ward took die Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Mil-ward reports. That the Committee of the whole House had made some further Progress in Debate of the Means of raising Eighteen hundred thousand Pounds for his Majesty's Supply: And desired the House would, Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock, resolve into a Committee, to proceed in the further Debate thereof.

Resolved, That the House will. Tomorrow at Ten of the Clock in the Morning, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Debate of the effectual raising Eighteen hundred thousand Pounds for his Majesty's Supply.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Mart is, 16° QStobris, 18 Car. II*1,

ABiil against Atheism, Profaneness, and Swearing, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Pryn, Sir Robert Atkins, Serjeant Mainard, Mr. Sollicitor-

General, Sir Edw. Masters, Sir Charles Harbord, Mr. Whor-wood, Sir Thom. Gower, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Mill-ward, Sir Wm. Lewis, Lord RichaSir Pearfe,

Mr. Crooke, Sir Thom. Dolman, Colonel Legg, Sir Robert Holt, Sir Edm. Wallpoole, Sir Thom. Clifford, Sir Thom. Allen, Mr. Coleman, Sir Lane. Lake, Colonel Birch, Sir Phil.Musgrave, Sir John Dune, Colonel Reames, Sir

Edm. Poole, Sir Wm. Fleetwood, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Hardrejfe, Sir Wm. Gawdy, Sir John Holland, Mr. Deve-r-eux, Mr. Sandys, Colonel Phillips, Mr. Daniell, Sir Lowther , Sir John Heath, Sir John Goodrich, Mr. Crouch, and all the Gentlemen of the House that are of the Long Robe: And all the Members of this House that shall come, are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer-Chamber; and to look into the former Laws concerning this Matter and to repeal what they find necessary to be repealed; and reduce them all into one Law, if they can; and provide for the effectual Execution of it: And that it be referred to this Committee to prepare and bring in a Bill for the better Observation of the Lord's Day: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Baptist May Esquire was read.

Resolved,. See. Thac this Petition be referred to the Committee of Elections, to examine the Matter of the Petition; and certify it, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Ordered, That Sir Them. Dolman, Sir James Thyn, Colonel Reames, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Sir Wm. Lo-w-

5

Die Mercuriiy i OElo, 18° Car. ir*.

r\Rdered, That the Committee to which the Bill against Atheism and Profaneness is committed, be impowered to receive Information touching i'uch Books as tend to Atheism, Blasphemy, or Profaneness, or against the Effence or Attributes of God j and, in particular, the Book published in the Name of one White; and the Book of Mr. Hobbs, called The Leviathan , and to report the Matter, with their Opinions, to the House.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect the Act for regulating the Press; and to consider, Wherein it is defective; and bring in a Bill for supplying the Defers, and for putting the Act in effectual Execution: And also to inquire, Whether there be any illegal Patent, or any Abuse, in the licensing or flopping the lawful Printing of Books:

And that it be referred to Mr. Mill-ward, Sir Edm. Pearfe, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Robert Holt, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Solom. Swale, Mr. Westphaling, Mr.

Sir Rowland Berkley, Sir Thom. Allen, Sir Robert Barne-ham. Sir Robert Carre, Dr. Bur-well, Colonel Reames, Mr. Daniell, Mr. Chetwin, Sir John Heath, Mr. Devereux, Mr Cheyne, Sir Thom.Clifford, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Lewis, Mr. Coventry, Sir Thom. Gower, Sir Jo.

Mr. Morice, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Prynn, Sir Edw.

Colonel Birch, Sir Jo. Birkenhead, Sir Wm. Gaudy, Sir Wm. Doyley, Mr. Hobby, Sir Thom. Pliggons, Mr. tague, Mr. St. John, Mr. Herbert, Sir Phil.

Colonel Strangwaies, Sir Thom. , Mr. Seymour,

Sir Riebard Oateley: And they are to meet on Friday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker'* Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the Debate of the effectual raising Eighteen hundred, thousand Pounds for his Majesty's Supply.

Mr.

637

Mr. Speaker left the Chair: And

Mr. Millwardtook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker took the Chair.

Mr. Millward reports. That the Committee of the

whole House had made some further Progress in Debate of the Manner of railing the King's Supply: And desired, that, as soon as the MeiTage, sent from the Lords, was over, the Ploufe would again resolve into a Committee, to proceed in the Debate.

Resolved, See. That the House will, after Order taken in relation to the Message from the Lords, again resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the Debate of the Manner of raising the King's Supply.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Child and Sir Nathanael Hobert

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a present Conference with the House, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Vote of this House, to which the Concurrence of the Lords was desired, touching the prohibiting the Importation of French Manufactures and Commodities.

The M$flengers being called in , Mr. Speaker acquaints them, That the House had agreed to a present Conference.

Ordered,..... Serjeant Charlt, Sir Robert , Sir

Geo. Downing, Sir Them. Cliff, Mr. Sollicitor, Mr.

Seymour, Mr. Millward, Six Robert Howard, be appoint-

ed to manage the Conference.

Mr. Soliicitor reports from the Conference, That they had attended the Lords: And that the Lord Anglesey did manage the Conference , and had delivered several Rea-lbns in Answer to the Vote of this House: Which (to prevent Mistakes) he had also reduced into Writing-, and delivered the Paper at the Conference: Which Mr. Sollicitor read; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

And the Paper, containing the Lords Answer to the Vote of the House, being read j

Resolved, See. That the Answer of the Lords to the Vote of this House, to which the Lords Concurrence was desired, be taken into Confederation on Friday Morning.

The Ploufe then resolved into a Committee of the whole Ploufe.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Mill-ward took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Millward reports, That the Committee had made some further Progress in the Debate of the Way and Means for the effectual Raising of Eighteen hundred thousand Pounds Supply for his Majesty: But, coming to no Resolution, desires, that the House would resolve into a . Committee again, at their next Sitting, to proceed in the further Debate thereof.

The Question being put, That the House do fit Tomorrow;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Tellers,

Mr. Williams, 7 r- «u v

Mr. Malta, } For the Y'as' 93-

Sir Halt, 1 For N

Colonel Strangwates, j

The Yeas and the Noes being even Mr. Speaker declares with the Yeas.

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, &c. That all Committees that were to fit this Afternoon, be adjourned till Friday, Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And that they fit in the respective Places formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock. 3

Die yevis, 18'* OEchr18° IF*

Prayers.

CTephen Buizard did, this Day, take the Oaths of Al-

legiance and Supremacy, before Mr. Speaker, at the Clerk's Table, in order to his Naturalization.

A Bill to confirm a Decree, for inclosing Part of the Common of Ontwood in Yorkslseewas read.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time on Monday next.

Ordered, That the Bill against Duelling be read Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill to make good a Recovery, heretofore suffered by Bonham Fame, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir John Heath, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Thom. Gower, Sir // in Lowther, Sir Charles Harbord, Colonel Birch, Mr.

Mountague , Mr. Coleman, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Flint, Sir Edw. Masters , Mr. Millward, Sir , Sir Francis Goodrich, Sir John Brampfton, Sir IVm. Mr.

Dowdeswell, Mr. Alai let, S'wThom.Tompkins, Mr and all the Members of this House that are of the Long Robe, and all the Members that serve for the County of Kent: And they are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber, on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon 1 And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Committee to which the Bill for extending a former Act, touching Avowries and Distresses, to Wales, . ... , do insert the Counties Palatine into

the Bill: And all the Members that serve for the said several Counties are added to the Committee: And the Committee is also to cor.fider. If the former Act be defective; and how it may be supplied.

Resolved, See. That the Ploufe do resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Debate of the King's Supply.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker left the Chair: And

Mr. Millward took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Millward reports, That the Committee had made some Progress in the effectual raising Eighteen hundred thousand Pounds Supply for his Majesty: And humbly moves, That the House would appoint a Committee, to inspect the Rolls, and Returns in the Exchequer, of Chimney-Money -, and the Farmer and Farmers Books j or use any other Way of an Inspection therein; and thereupon to bring in, and report, an Estimate of the yearly Value of Chimney-Money: That the House would appoint a Committee, to bring in a Bill for the Sale of Chimney-Money: And that the House would resolve into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock, to consider of a Compensation to his Majesty, in lieu of Chimney-Money.

Resolved, See. That a Committee be appointed, to in-Ipect the Rolls and Returns in the Exchequer of Chimney-Money; and the Farmer and Farmers Books 5 or use any other Means for an Inspection therein: And thereupon to bring in, and report, an Estimate of the yearly Value of Chimney-Money; viz. Mr. Sollicitor-General, Mr. Trevor, Mr. Wm. Mountague, Mr. Mill-ward, Colonel Reames, Mr. Dowdeswell, Sir Mr. Geo. Mountague, Mr. St. John, Sir Edm. Peine, Sir Wm. Coventry, Six Thom. Clifford, Mr. Prynn, Mx.West-pbaling, Mr. Walter Strickland, Sir John Dunccmle, Sir Edm. Wallpoole, Mr. Jones, Lord Ccrnbury, Sir Phil.

Warwick, Mr. Seymour, Sir Wm. Doyley, Mr. Morley, Mr. Or me. Sir Wm. Lowther, Mr. Sir John

Talbot, Sir Robert Carre, Mr, Crouch, Sir Gower, Lord Richardson, Lord Castleton, Mr. Mr. Henry

Coventry, Serjeant Charlton, Sir Charles Harbord. Sir Thom. Strickland, Sir John Holland, Sir Edm. Pooley,

*7 Y /' Colonel

-by

Qooools

journals of the Hous bof Commons. I

Colonel Strangwaies, Sir John Sir Robert

Mr. Ford, Colonel Rearms, Sir John Sir Robert

Brookes, Colonel Sandys, Sir Goodrich, Mr. Coleman,

Lord Fanshaw, Mr. Ashburnham, Sir Thurland, Colonel Williams, Mr. George Clarke, Sir Mr.

IVhorwood, Mr. Fowell, Mr. Cheyne, Sir John Sir John Brampfton, Mr. Trevor, Sir Doyley, Mr.

Anthony Eyre, Sir John Cotton, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Wm. Sandys, Sir Thom.Littleton, Sir Broadrick, Sir

Goodrich, Sir Richard Temple, Sir Edm. Sir

Robert Holt, Mr. Henry Clarke, Sir Wm. Tompson, Sir Thom. Tompkins, Sir John Birkenhead, Mr. Progers, Lord Herbert, Sir Allen Apfley, Sir Thom. Dolman, Mr. Wren, Sir James Thynn, Sir John Newton: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer-Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, See. That it be referred to the Committee appointed to bring in an Estimate of the yearly Value of Chimney-Money, to prepare and bring in a Bill for the Purchasing off of Chimney-Money: And all of the Long Robe are added to the said Committee: And the especial Care hereof is less to Mr. Sollicitor, Sir Job Charlton, and Sir Edw. Thurland.

Resolved, Sec. That the House be resolved into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock, to consider of a Compensation to his Majesty, in lieu of Chimney-Money; and of the effectual railing Eighteen hundred thousand Pounds Supply for his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of a Compensation to his Majesty, in lieu of Chimney-Money.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Millwardtook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Millward reports, That the Committee had made some Progress in the Debate of a Compensation to his Majesty, in lieu of Chimney-Money; and defines, that the House would resolve into a Committee again Tomorrow Morning, Ten a Clock, to proceed in the Debate thereof.

Resolved, Sec. That, after Consideration is had of the Answer of the Lords to the Vote of this House, concerning French Commodities, the House be resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the Debate of a Compensation to his Majesty, in lieu of Chimney-Money.

Resolved, Sec. That the Answer of the Lords, at the Conference to the Vote of this House, for prohibiting the Importation of French Commodities, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Salbati, 20 0 0uobris 18" Car. IIdl.

P R AY E R S.

rJ~'Homas Landon did, this Day, take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, before the Speaker, at the Clerk's Table, in order to his Naturalization.

Die Veneris, 190 GSiobr, 18 Ildi'

Prayers.

QRdcred, That the Committee to which the Matter concerning the indigent loyal Officers was referred, be revived: And that all the Members of the House that shall come, are to have Voices: And Mr. Cooper and Mr. Bayley are to attend the Committee , and give an Account, in Ten Days, of the Monies by them received for the indigent loyal Officers -, whatsoever they have received, and from whom; and what they have paid, and to whom, and by what Order: And that the Treasurer do also give in his Accompt to the Committee, by the Time before limited, of his Receipts and Disbursements.

An ingrossed Bill, to enable the Time given by a former Act, for Redemption of Mortgages made by the Earl of Cleeveland, was read.

Resolved, &c. That these Words, " or of the Assigns cf SidneyMountague Esquire, deceased," be insert-

ed in the Bill.

Which was done; and the Words thrice read; and agreed to.

Resolved, See. That these Words, " and by the Affigr.s of the said Sidney Mountague respectively," be inserted in the Bill.

Which was done*, and the Words thrice read; and agreed to.

Resolved, See. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be. An Act to inlarge the Time given by a former Act, for Redemption of Mortgages made by the Earl of Cleeveland.

And Mr. Lovelace is to carry up the Bill to the Lords.

Ordered, That Edward Robarts be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, or his Deputy, to answer his Abuse and Breach of Privilege, in exacting Money of the Members of this House for Post-Letters.

Ordered, That the Grand Committed for Grievances do fit on Wednesday next.

A Bill to enable Sir Thomas Higgons to receive Four thousand Five hundred and Fifty Pounds, due to the late Counttfs of EJJ'ex, was read the Second time.

The Question being put, That the Bill be Committed; The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Tellers,

Sir Sclcm. Swale,

Sir John Goodrich,

Mr. Seymour,

Mr. Swynfen,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative:

Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Clifford, Mr. Coleman, Sir Wm. Gawdy, Sir Fran. Go, Sir

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Prideaux, Mr. Crouch, Sir John Good-rick, Sir Robert Holt, Sir Wm. Doyley, Colonel Sandys, Sir Robert Carr, Sir James Sir Edm. Pooley, Sir

Hen. North, Colonel Windham, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Thom. Gower, Lord Richardson, Sir Smith, Mr.

Musgrave, Sir Solom. Swale, Sir Phil. Dr.

Burrell, Sir Thom. Strickland, Mr. Weflphaling, Sir

With the Yeas, With the Noes,

105.

75* That the

Tompkins, Mr. Garraway, Mr. Coventry, Sir John Holland, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Ed Mr

Sir Thom. Littleton, Colonel Leg, Sir Richard Brcames, Sir James Smith, Mr. Geo. Clarke, Mr Sir

Thurland, Sir Thom. Dolman, Colonel Fran.

Sir Roger Bradshaw, Mr. Mallet, Lord St. John, Sir John Cotton, Mr. Hobby, Colonel Vernon, Mr. Grecnvile, Lord

Hawley, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Onflciv, Sir Wm. Lewis, Mr. Seymour, Sir Thom. Cary, Sir Geo. Reeves, Mr. How, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Sir Robert Brookes, Mr. Sir

Thom. Clerges, Sir Thom. Allen, Mr. Hatton, Sir Geo. Fletcher, Sir Cecil Bifaopp, Colonel And

they are to meet on Tuesdaynext, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer-Clumber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, See. That a Committee be appointed, to receive Information of the Insolency of the Popish Priests and Jesuits, and of the Increase of Popery; and to consider. How the same may be suppressed *, and to inspect: the former Laws against Recusants; and to provide Remedies

dies for the effectual Execution of them , Mr.

Sir Thom. Gower, Mr. Solliciror, Sir Mafias, Sir

Robert Howard, Mr. Pridcaux, Colonel Mr.

Finch, Sir Edw. Harlow, Sir Gee. Downing, Sir Charles Harbord. Colonel Satn'ys, Sir Jo. Sir Thom. Dolman, Mr. Hungerford, Sir Robert Sir Solomon Swale,

Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Wm. Lowther, Mr. Crouch, Sir Jo. Holland, Serjeant Charlton, Sir Sir Rickard Breames, Mr. Lewis, Sir John Mr. Arthur Owen, Sir Thom. Allen, Mr. James Herbert, Sir

Thom. Higgons, Colonel S/rangwaies, Sir Mu grave,

Mr. Bttller, Mr. Streete, Sir Robert Brooks, Sir Nor-

ton, Lord Herbert, Mr. Darnell, Sir Richard Colonel Birch, Sir Jordan Crofsland, Sir Geo. Reeves, Sir Gilbert G errard. Sir Harlot lie Mr Mr.

Stanhope, Sir Jo. Norton, Sir Edw. Thurland, Mr. Williams, Sir Hen. Capell, Sir Edw. Hungerford, Mr. Coventry, Sir Jo. Talbott, Sir Thom. Strickland, Mr. Giles Hungerford, Sir Hen. C.efar, Mr. Seymour, Lord Hawley, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Gold, Mr. Mallet: And they are to meet on Monday at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Star-Chamber: Ar.d all that come are to have Voices: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, See. That the Serjeant at Arms, or his Deputy, do summon Harvey, the Popish Pried, to attend the Committee for fiipprelung Popery, on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Star-Chamber.

Resolved, See. That the Answer of the Lords to the Vote of this House, concerning the prohibiting the Importation of French Commodities, be taken into Confederation on Monday Morning at Nine of the Clock.

Ordered, That Mr. John How, Lord St. John, Sir Robert Holt, Mr. Sherrard, Colonel Grey, Mr. Edw. cawen. Sir Edw. Harlow, Mr. Vaughan, Lord Hawley, Mr. Trevar.ion, Mr. HughBufcawen, be added to the

Committee of Privileges and Elections.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Dunce, 2 2° QSIcbris 18" Car. IIdu

Prayers.

f\ Rdcred, That Andrew Barry, Under-Sheriff for the County of Devon, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, or his Deputy, for his Abuse, in refusing to make Return of the Writ, issued for electing a new Member to serve for the Town of Beere-Alfion in the County of Devon.

Ordered, That all the Members of the House that are of the Long Robe, be added to the Committee to which the Bill concerning Sir Thom. Higgons is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Writ, for eleding a new Burgess to serve for New-Towne in the Isle of Wight, in the room of Sir Henry Worfiey, deceased.

A Bill to confirm a Decree made in the Court of Chancery, for settling the Ellate of Henry Mildmay Esquire, deceased, was read.

Ordered, That this Bill be read a Second time.

The House then resumed the Debate of the Lords Rea-fons to the Vote of this House (to which the Lords Concurrence was desired), for an Address to his Majesty, to issue a Proclamation, to prohibit the Importation of French Commodities.

Ordered, That Mr. Sollicitor-General, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Geo. Downing, Sir John Knight, Sir Thomas Clif-

cap

ford, Mr. Millward, Mr. Garretway, Sir Thomas Gower,

Mr. Seymour, do withdraw, and prepare Reafor.s to be returned to the Lords, in Answer to tire Reasons ly them given to the Vote of this House, for an Address to his Majesty to issue a Proclamation to prohibit the Importation of French Commodities: To which the Lords Concurrence was desired.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir and Sir Moundeford Brampfton;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have font you down Two Bills: One, intituled, An Act for the Naturalizing cf Ffiher Le Lon, the Daughter and Coheir of Gideon Le Lon, Lord ol Csium bieresin Normandy, the now Wife of the Right 1 Honourable DenzilI Lord , of;

and the other. An Act for Supply of Part of the Jointure of the Lady Elizabeth Noel.

Sir John Knight reports, from the Committee to which

the Bill to encourage the Planting and Sowing of Hemp and Flax was committed, several Amendments to be made to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

And the Amendments were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

An Amendment being proposed, to insert " Five Shillings per Acre" instead of " Two Shillings and Sixpence,'* in the Bill.

The Question being put, To agree to That Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Resolved, See. That the House will, every Morning at Ten of the Clock, de die in diem, lay aside and adjourn all other Business; and proceed in the Business of his Majesty's Supply.

Resolved, Szc. That no Persons be permitted to have the Infj eftion of the Journal-Books, but such as are Members of this House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for Punishment of such Members as shall make Mifrepre-fentations abroad of what doth pass in the House.

Ordered, That Sir John Fitz-James, Sir Robert Barn-ham, Sir Humphry Wynch, Mr. Churchill, Sir Jo. Vaughan,

Sir Hugh Bethell, Sir Edw. Hales, Sir Robert Holt, Sir John Trot, Mr. Metcalfe Robinson, be added to the Committee of Privileges and Elections.

Mr. Sollicitor reports. That the Members appointed had withdrawn, and agreed on Reasons to be returned, at a Conference, to the Lords, in Answer to the Reasons by them given to the Vote of this House, for an Address to his Majesty, to prohibit the Importation of Foreign Commodities: W hich he opened to the House.

Ordered, That a Conference be desired to be had with the Lords, upon the Subject-Matter of the last Conference, upon the Vote for an Address to his Majesty to issue a Proclamation to prohibit the Importation of French Commodities. And Sir Geo. Downing is to go up to the Lords to desire the Conference.

Sir George Downing reports, That the Lords had agreed to a Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, Tomorrow at Eleven of the Clock in the Morning, upon the Subject-Matter of the last Conference, concerning the Prohibiting of French Commodities.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die

Journals of the House of Commons. A. 1666.

Die Mart is,l^OSlobris, 18° Car. II4'.

Prayers.

CAtharine Wcodfinc did, this Day, take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, before Mr. Speaker, at the Clerk's Table, in order to her Naturalization.

A Bill for settling the Estate of John Bodvile Esquire, deceased, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time on Thursday next.

A Bill to make void a Lease made by Thomas , deceased, and for settling his Estate, was read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time This-day-sevennight.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed on the Consideration of his Majesty's Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Millward took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Millward reports. That the Committee had made some further Progress in the Business of the King's Supply v and desired the House would impower the Committee to appoint a Sub-Committee, to consider of the Heads of the Imposition on sealed Paper, proposed to be Part of the Compensation, in lieu of Chimney-Money; and to prepare and facilitate the Matter for their better Proceeding the reia

Resolved, &c. That the Committee of the whole House be impowered to appoint a Sub-Committee, to consider of the Heads of the Imposition on sealed Paper, proposed to be Part of the Compensation, in lieu of Chimney-Money; and to prepare and facilitate the Matter for their better Proceeding the rein.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Wm. Chili and Sir Nathanael Hobert,

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Sowing and Planting of Hemp and Flax: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Ordered, That the Bill to enable Mr. Kendall to fell Lands be read the first Bill Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Committee to which the Bill touching Avowries and Replevins was committed, be revived; and do fit this Afternoon: And that Sir Francis Goodrick and Mr. Rigby be added to the Committee.

Ordered, That the Bill for Provisions for such as shall be infected with the Plague, be brought in and read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Edward Roberts be discharged of his Commitment to the Serjeant at Arms, paying his Fees.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Millward took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Millward reports. That the Committee had, according to the Power given them, appointed a Sub-Committee, for the Purposes directed.

Sir George ‘Downing reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for Increase of the Stock of Coin was committed, several Amendments to be made, and some Clauses to be inserted, in the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Which being twice read, were, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Ordered, That these Words, " which said Duty they are hereby injoined to receive and pay, according to me several Directions of this Act, without any Salary or Fee," be added to the Bill.

A Proviso for coining Single Money was twice read.

And some Amendments agreed, upon the Question j and made thereto at the Table.

Resolved, &c. That the Proviso, lo amended, be agreed

to.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments and Provisoes agreed to, be ingossed.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Mr. Ford, and

Mr. Henley, be added to the Committee of Elections.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Mercurii, 24* O 18° . II4*.

Prayers.

Rdered, That Sir Edward Sir Wm. Port-

man, Mr. Scowen, Mr. Evelyn, Colonel Sandys, Sir John Heath, Mr. Hobby, Sir Thom. Strickland, Mr. Herbert, Colonel Phillips, Sir Thom. Allen, Sir John fton, be added to the Committee to which the Eiil concerning the Lord Strangford is committed.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Braham have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

A Bill to enable Mr. Henry Kendall to fell Lands, for Payment of Debts, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mill-ward, Sir Thom. Strickland, Mr. Mr. Crouch,

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Street, Lord Allington, Mr.

Colonel Sandys, Sir Solom. SwMr. Grey, Sir Thomas Tompkins, Mr. Pepis, Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Hobby, Dr. Burrell, Sir Wm. Lewis, Sir Rowland Berkley, and all the Members of this House that serve for the Counties of Leicester, Derby, and Stafford: And they are to meet at Two of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Giles Bridgman, and Thomas Pepis, an Attorney at Law, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, or his Deputy, to answer their Breach of Privilege, in making out Execution, and causing the same to be executed, and Possession taken of Lands, 'wherein the Title of Colonel Walden and Sir Wm. Smith, Two Members of this House, is concerned, since the Privilege of Parliament.

A Bill against Duelling was read the First time. Ordered, ThsX this Bill be read the Second time on day next.

Ordered, That Mr. Harvey, having been summoned to attend the Committee appointed to receive Information, touching the Insolency of Papists, and having made Default therein , be forthwith lent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, or his Deputy, to answer his Contempt in not attending.

A Bill for present Prevention of Suits by Landlords against their Tenants, whose Houses were burnt down by the late Fire, was read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time on Friday next.

Sir

4

Sir 'll'err.as Gower reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for naturalizing the Lord Arlington's Lady was committed. That the Committee had perused the Bill; and found no Caitfe to make any Alteration or Amendment therein.

A Bill for making Provision for such as shall be infected with the Plague was read the First time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read the Second time on Saturday next.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Millwardtook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Millward reports, That the Committee had some further Debate \ but did not come to any Conclusion.

Ordered, That Sir 'Thorn. SSir Rich.

Sir Thom. Lee, Sir Thomas GSir John Duncombe, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir IVm. Sir Edm.

Sir Wm. Lowther, Mr. Trevor, Sir John , Sir Wm.

Gawdy, Sir John Brampjton, Sir John Colpnel

Sandys, Mr. Musgrave, Colonel Sir Thorn.

Allen, Serjeant Charlton, Colonel , Mr. Pepis, be added to the Committee appointed to consider of an Imposition on sealed Paper.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die yovts, 25° O&obrisy i8° Car. II4i.

Prayers.

DAME Mary Fraztr did this Day take the Oaths of

Allegiance and Supremacy, before Mr; Speaker, at the Clerk's Table, in order to her Naturalization.

Ordered, That Sir John Holm, Sir John , Mr. Stockdale, Sir John Salisbury, Sir John Robinson,.Sn IVm-

Lowther, Mr. Daniel!, Sir Henry , Sir Mr. Barnaby, Sir Bainham Thr Lord

Sir IVm. Lewis, Sir Hen. Herbert, be added to the Committee of Elections.

Ordered, That Sir Herbert Price, Mr. Sajtdys, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Rigby, Sir John Barrington, Sir Bainham Throckmorton, Sir John Heath, Sir Sir

Temple, Sir Solom. Swale, Mr. Garaway, Sir John Tufton, Colonel Robinson, Mr. Tregonnell, Mr. Sir

Them. Littleton, Sir John Newton, Mr. Onslow, Sir Roger

Bradshaigh ', Sir Edw. Hales, Colonel Sandys, be added to the Committee to which the Matter concerning Printing was committed.

A Bill for setting aside a Will, and settling the Estate, of John Bodvell Esquire, deceased,- was read the Second time.

A Petition of Griffith Wyn, alias Bodvell, and Thomas Bodvell, Infants, was read.

Resolved, See. That' the same of Mr. Robarts, upon the Bill, depending in this House, for setting aside a Will, and settling the Estate, of John Bodvell Esquire, deceased,-Be heard at the Bar of this House.

Sir Edmund Wallpoole reports, from the Committee to*

which it was referred to bring in an Estimate of the yearly Value of the Chimney-Money, That the Committee had taken Pains to inform themselves of the true V^lue of that Revenue: And that it was the Opinion of that Committee,-That Two hundred thousand Pounds a Year is a reasonable Estimate for the Chimney-Money.

Which being debated;

The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of his Majesty's Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Millward took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Millward reports. That the Committee had considered of the Estimate of the annual Revenue of Chim? ney-Money; and humbly moves, That the House would albertain the Sum to be raised by Sale of Chimney-Money.

Resolved, See. That the House agree with the Committee, to ascertain the Sum to be raised by the Sale of Chimney-Money.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to bring in an Estimate of the Value of the Chimney-Money be revived *, and do fit this Afternoon: And they are im powered to inquire into any thing the y shall find necessary for their further Information.

Ordered, That the Debate of ascertaining the Sum to be raised by the Sale of Chimney-Money be adjourned; and taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Committee^ to which the Bill concerning Mr. Kendall..... be revived; and do fit this

Afternoon, in the Place formerly appointed: And that Sir Rich. Oateley, Mr. Wefiph Sir Foulke Lucy, Sir Robert Holt, Mr. Stanhope, Mr. Morrice, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Colonel Whitley, and Sir Roger , be

added to the Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Veneris26° OElcb, 18° Car. IF.

Prayers. .

AN ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, for Supply of Part of the Jointure of the Lady Elizabeth Noell, was read the First time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read the Second time on Monday next.

Mr. Hungerford reports, from the Committee appointed to receive Information of the Insolency of the Popish Priests and Jesuits, and of the Increase of Popery; and to consider, How the same may be suppressed *, and to insped the former Laws against, Recusants , and to provide Remedies for the effectual Execution of them That the Committee had agreed on a Report to be prefen ted to the House: Which he read , and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

And the Report being read the First time , and after, read by Paragraphs; and the Blanks being filled up; and some Amendments and Additions, upon the Question, agreed, and made thereto at the Table,

Resolved, See. That, in order to the suppressing the Insolency of the Papists, his Majesty be humbly desired forthwith to rflTue out his Royal Proclamation, for the Banishment of all Priests and Jesuits out of this Kingdom,' within Thirty Days, to be therein limited j other than such (not being his Majesty'sr natural-born Subjects) who are obliged to attend upon the Queen-Consort, pr the? Queen-Mother: And that, if any Priefi: or Jefiiit shall, happen to be taken in England after the said Days, that the Laws be put in due Execution against them.

Resolved, Sec. That, in the said Proclamation, ftritfif Order be given to the Judges, and Barons of the Exchequer, and to all his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, and to all other Ministers of Justice, for the putting the Laws inf due Execution against all Popish Recusants,. and such as are suspected so to Be, in order to their speedy Conviction: And that the said Judges, Barons, and Justices, be required, at their respective Assizes and Quarter-Sessions, to give the' Laws in Charge against Popish Reculants.

Resolved, See. That his Majesty be humbly moved, That, considering the present Juncture of Affairs, all Popish Reculants, and such as, being suspected so to be, shaft refute to take the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, being tendered to them* may be forthwith lb disttrmed, as to 7 Z remove

642. Journals of the House of Commons. A. 1666.

remove all Apprehensions from the People, of their Poffi-bility to disturb the publick Peace of the Nation: And that all Officers, Military and Civil, and Soldiers, as shall not, within Twenty Days, take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, may be disbanded and displaced: And that the Lord Chancellor, and Chancellor of the Duchy respectively,. do blue out Dedimu potestatem to such Per-ibns, as the Lord General (not being Officers commanding Soldiers) shall appoint for the Administration of the said Oaths to the Military Officers and Soldiers in his Majesty's Pay and Entertainment , and to the Lord Chamberlain, Vice-Chamberlain, Treasurer, and Comptroller, of his Majesty's Houffield, and Steward of the , or any

Two them, for the Administration thereof to the Officers of his Majesty's Houffield , and to such other Person or Persons, as the Lord Chancellor, and Chancellor of the Duchy respectively, shall think meet, for doing the like to all other Officers and Persons in all Counties and County Palatines, and privileged Places, in the Kingdom of England^ Dominion of Wales, and Town of upen

Tweed; and also in the Elands of and Jersey;

so as an Account be given thereof by the Persons so authorized.

Resolved,&c. That she Commissaries of the.Musters be commanded and irtjoined, upon Penalty of losing their Places, not to permit any Officer or Soldier to be mustered in the Service and Pay of his Majesty, till he or they shall have taken the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance respectively, and received the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper, according to the Laws and Usage of the Church of England.

Resolved, &c. That the Concurrence of the Lords be desired to these Votes: And that Mr. is to

go tfftto the Lords for their Concurrence. /

Resolved, &c. That his Majesty be humbly desired, by such Members of this House as are of his Privy Council, to issue out a new Commission for tendering and admini-string the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy to the Members of this House.

The Question being put. That the Report from the Committee of Elections be now heard The House was divided.

Tellers,

Sir Courtney Poole,

Sir Roger Bradshaigh,

Colonel Progers,

Colonel Kirkby,

And so it palfed in the Negative.

Resolved, &c. That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

For the Yeas, 64. For the Noes, 127.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Temple, Sir Wm. Thorold, Mr. Walden, Mr. Dalton,'Sir Wm.Tompson, Mr. Orme,

Mr. Jolliffe, Mr. Garraway, Sir Thom. Lee, Sir James

Smith, Sir John Brampfton, Mr. Jones, Sir John Knight, Mr. St. John, be added to the Committee to which the Matter Concerning Printing is committed.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Edgcombe, Sir John Newton, Sir Wm. Thorold, Sir John Hea, be added to the Committee of Elections.

Ordered, That Tuesday next come Fortnight, being the Thirteenth of November, be appointed for hearing the Cause upon the Bill depending in this House, for fetdng aside a Will, and settling the Estate, of John Esquire, de-

ceased: And that Witnesses on both Sides do then attend.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Sabbat i, 17 Oft, 18° Car. II*1.

Praysrs.

f\Rdered, That Timothy Rimington be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, or his Deputy, for his Breach of Privilege, in causing Sir John a Member of

this House, to be served with a Process of Subpoena out of the Court of Chancery.

Ordered, That Sir Edw. Phillips, Mr. Pryn, Sir John Heath, be added to the Committee of Elections.

A Bill for inclosing the Common of Outwood in -feild, in the County of York, was read die Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Mr. Chewne, Sir Wm.Lowther, Mr. Rigby, Sir Thom. Gower,

Doctor Burwell, Colonel Phillips, Mr. Garraway, Sir Thom. Strickland, Sir John Heath, Sir Edw. Masters, Sir Thom. Lee, Mr. Noell, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Wm. Doyley, Sir Roger Brad/haigh, Mr. Scowen, Mr. Daljton, Mr. Millward, Sir John Newto, Lord Sir

Clifford Clifton, Mr. Chetwyn, Mr. Morrice, Mr. Peircy Goring, Mr. Mallet, Sir Solom. Swale, Mr. Onflowe, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Phil. Musgrave, Colonel Sandys, Colonel Kirkby, Sir Wm.Lewis, Mr. Pepis, Mr.

Sir Richard Oaleley, Sir Geo. Reeves, Colonel Sir Richard Temple, and all the Members that serve for the County of Yorke: And they are to meet at Two of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to summon the Lords of such Manors as have Right of Common, and such Townships, and other Persons that are concerned , and give them convenient Time to attend; And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for settling the Estate of Thomas Mildmay Esquire, deceased, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir Wm. Lewis, Mr. Darnell, Serjeant Mainard, Sir Edm. Pearfe, Sir Rowland Berkley, Mr. Street, Sir Thom. Dolman, Mr. Morice, Sir Charles Harbord, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Header Robots, Sir Solom. Swale, Sir Thom. Gower, Sir Robert Brookes, Lord Richardson, Mr. Mr.

grave,' Mr. Hungerford, Sit Richard Everard, Sir John Knight, Mr. Scowen, Mr. Robert Robarts, Sir Edw. Seymour, Mr. Marvill, Colonel Kirkby, Mr. Ratcliffie, Sir John Brampfton, Mr. Hardes, Mr. Robert Laton, Sir John Fagg, Colonel Morley, Sir Edw. Maffey, Sir Rich. Oateley, Sir Thom. Dolman, Sir Fran.Clarke, Sir Walter St. John, and all the Members of this House, that serve for the Counties of Essex and Middlesex, and all the Members of the House that are of the Long Robe: And they are to meet on Monday at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Bill of Mr. Huffey be read, the first Bill, on Monday Morning.

Sir Job Charlton reports, from the Committee of Elections, That the Committee had examined the Matter touching the Election for the Town of Plymton between Sir Edmund Fortescue and Sir Nicolas Slaning: That there were Two Indentures returned under the Common-Seal of the Town of Plymton \ by one of which Sir Edmund Fortescue is returned > and by the other Sir Nicolas Slaning: But that the pretended Indenture, by which Sir Nicolas Slaning is returned, doth contain in it an absurd and unusual Clause, to this Effect; " That Sir Nicolas

is returned to serve, so as the Parliament and Committee of Privileges shall approve of it: " And, besides, the original Indenture is not returned, but only a pretended Counter-part: So that the Committee were of Opinion, That the Return was not double; and that Sir. Edmund Fortescue ought to fit, till the Merits of the Cause be heard and determined.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with . Committee of Elections, That the Return for the Town of Plymton is not double: And that Sir Edmund Fortescue ought to fit, till the Merits of the Cause be determined.

Resolved, &c. That John High-Sheriff of the County of Devon, be sent for in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, or his Deputy-, for his Misdemeanor and Abuse, in making the Returns for the Town of Plymton.

Resolved,

iSCar. II. Journals of the House of Commons. 645

Resolved,&c. That Edward Hayman, tJnder-Sheriff And that Sir Anthony Sir John Sir Philip

of the County of Devon, be sent for in Custody of the Sir John Sir Allen Broadrick, and Sir

Serjeant at Arms, or his Deputy; for his Misdemeanor Geo. be appointed to take notice of all such Persons

nd Abuse, in making the Returns for the Town of as shall then and there receive the Sacrament: And that Plynton. every Member shall then bring with him a Note, in Write-

Resolved, &c. That Nicolas Horfman, Mayor of the ing, of his Name, and the Shire whereof he is a Knight, Town of Plymton, be sent for in the Custody of the Serjeant the City whereof he is a Citizen, the Borough whereof he

at Arms, or his Deputy; for his Misdemeanor and Abuse, is a Burgess, or the Port whereof he is Baron: Which in making the Returns for the Town of Plymton. Note he shall, upon Demand, deliver to the said Parties

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in to prevent Abuses in before particularly mentioned, some or one of them: And Returns and Elections of Members to serve in Parliament: Doctor Rector of St. Margaret's, and Mr. W

And it is referred to Serjeant Mainard, Mr. Street, and Mr. Pryn, to prepare and bring in a Bill.

Ordered, That the House do resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the Consideration of his Majesty's Supply.

And accordingly Mr. Sjpeaker left the Chair.

And Mr. Millward took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Millward reports. That the Committee had received, From their Sub-Committee, the Heads of an Imposition on sealed Papers and Parchments, proposed to be Part of the Compensation in lieu of Chimney-Money; and the Estimate of the yearly Value thereof: But the Committee thought not Bt to proceed therein; for that the Sum to be raised by Sale of Chimney-Money was not ascertained: And therefore humbly moved, That the House would ascertain the fame.

Resolved, &c. That the House agree with the Committee which brought in the Estimate of Chimney-Money, That Two hundred thousand Pounds a Year is a reasonable Estimate for the Chimney-Money.

Die Luncey 19 OElobris, 180 Car. IL*. Prayers.

A Bill to enable Thomas Lee to dispose of Lands for Payment of Debts was read the First time.

Resolved, Sec. That this Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for present Prevention of Suits by Landlords against their Tenants, whole Houses were burnt in the late and fad Fire, was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Harhord, Colonel Reames, Lord Allington, Colonel Sandys, Sir Clifford Clifton, Mr. Crouch, Mr. John Sicklemore, Mr. Darnell, Sir John Knight, Mr. Clarke, Sir Thom. Allen, Sir So lorn. Swale, Mr. Rigby, Sir Edw. Majters, Mr. Sandys, Sir Thom. Tompkins, Doflor Burrell, Sir Hen. Wood, Mr. Noell, Mr. Jones, Sir John Heath, Mr. Muf-grave, Mr. Dowdeswell, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Fran. rich, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Hardes, Sir Geo. Reeves, Mr. Morice, Sir Thom. Clifford, Sir John Goodrich, Sir John Newton, Mr. Westpbaling, Mr. Onslow, Sir Wm.

Mr. Owen, and all the Members that serve for the City of London, and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And all that shall come are to have Voices: And they are to meet in the Exchequer-Chamber, Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Noell*s Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Resolvedt See.That the House be called over on To* morrow Sevennight: And that such Members, as shall make Default in Attendance, unless there be just Cause shewed for their Absence, such as the House shall allow, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, to answer their Neglect.

Ordered, That the House will, oii Sunday come Seven-night next, receive the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper* in St. Margaret*& Church Westminster, according to the Form prescribed in the Liturgy in the Church of

ton. Chaplain to this House, are desired to officiate that Day; and one of them to preach in the Morning, and the other in the Afternoon.

Mr. Edw. Seymour reports, from the Committee to which the Peti;ion of Wm. Clapham, George , and other Merchants, on the Behalf of themselves, and others, formerly trading to the Canary-Iflawas committed; and to whom it was referred, to look into the Conveniency or Inconveniency of the present Corporation; and to fend for their Charter; and to look into the former Laws against Monopolies; and certify the Mattej to the House; That the Committee had met several Days, and taken great' Pains in Examination of the Matter referred: And, after he had made a Narrative of the whole Proceedings at large, declared. That, upon the Reading and Debating of the Patent of the Canary Company, and upon full Hearing of Counsel on both Sides, it was the Opinion of the Committee, That the said Patent was an illegal Patent, a Monopoly, and a Grievance to the Subject.

A Petition of the Governor and Company of the Merchants trading to the Canary-Islands was read.

The Question being put. To agree in Opinion with the Committee, That the Patent of the Canary Company is art illegal Patent, a Monopoly, and a Grievance to the Subject;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, See. That his Majesty be humbly moved td call in the Patent of the Canary Company.

1 Resolved, See. That the Lords Concurrence is desired to these Votes: And that Mr. Seymour go up to the Lords for their Concurrence.

The Question being propounded. That an Impeachment be drawn up against the Patentees;

The Question being put, That the Question be now put y

It passed in the Negative.

Mr. Secretary Morrice delivers a Message, in Writing, from his Majesty: Which was read by the Speaker.

Resolved, See. That this House do lay aside all other Business, till That of the King's Supply be settled.

Resolved, Sec. That Sir Thomas Dolman have Leave to go into the Country for a Week.

Resolved, That Sir John Monson, Sir Humphry Sir Wm. Hickman, Mr. Collins, be added to the Committee'

of Elections.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Martis}30° OBo, 180 Car. ir1.

Prayers.

r\Rdered, That Sir Hen. Felton, Mr. Dunfler, Sir Edm.

Fortescue, Mr. Wharton, Sir Sir Robert

Spencer,- Sir Cyril Wyche, Sir Peckham, Sir Hugh 'Bethell, Colonel Strangzvaies, Sir Denny Ashbv.rnham, Mr.

John Strangwaies, Sir Wm.Smith, Sir Clifford Clifton, Sir

John Fagg, Sir Fowke Lucy, be added to the Committee of Elections.

Ordered, That the Committee to which the Bill touching Avowries and Replevins is committed, be revived; and do fit this Afternoon at Two of the Clock.

3

Sir

£44 Journals of the Hotife Common^. A. 1666-

Sir Job Charlton reports, from the Committee of Elections, That they had examined the Merits of the Cause touching the Election for the City of Bristoll and found, That Sir Humphry Hooke had much the Majority of Voices: And that the Opinion of the Committee was. That Sir Humphry Hooke was duly elected, and ought to fit.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, That Sir Humphry Hooke was duly elected, and ought to fit.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Wendy have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

A Bill for enabling Robert Esquire to dispose the Manor of WinterbourneTbompfon, in the County of Dor-

jet t, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir Ralph Bancks, Sir 7 hom. Tompkins, Mr. , Sir Heneage

Finch, Sir James Thyn, Mr. , Mr. Daniell, Sir

Geo. How, Mr. Finch, Mr. W, Sir Thom.

Colonel Phillips, Sir Solom. S, Mr. Sir Rowland Berkley, Sir John 'Heath, Colonel , Mr.

Hobby, Sir John Knight, Mr. Sir

Jhaigh, Colonel Edw. Phillips, Mr. Rigby, and all the Members of this House, that firve for the County of Dor-, felt: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrafted Bill, lent from the Lords, for Supply of Part of the Jointure of the Lady Elizabeth Noellt was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir Solom^. Swalei Sir Edw. Masters, Sir John Heath, Mr. Pepis, Sir

Rowland Berkley, Sir James Thyn, Sir John Knight, Mr, Daniell, Mr. Crouch, Sir Phil.Warwick, Colonel Reames, Lord Allington, Mr. Spencer, Mr. Westphaling, Colonel Sandys, Mr. Finch, Colonel Edw. Phillips, Sir John Brampfton, Sir Thom. Gower, Sir Hen. Herbert, Sir Hen. Vernon, Sir Thom.Osborne, Mr. Taylor, Sir John Mr. Eyre, Sir John Norton, Sir Mr. Sher-

rard, Mr. Bartu, Sir Fran. Clarke, Mr. Orme, Mr. Sandys, Sir John Lowther, and all the Members of this House, that lerve for the County of Kent: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer-Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That *, the now Mayor, heretofore Sheriff for the City of Briftoll, be committed to the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms; for his Misdemeanor, in making a false Return for the said City.

Resolved, &c. That the Committee do prepare and bring in a Bill for Sale of Chimney-Money, on Friday next: And that Mr. Mountague be added to those Members, to

whose Care the Bill is re-committed.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Coell and Mr. ProElor;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a present Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject-Matter of the last Conference.

The Messengers being called in; Mr. Speaker acquaints them. That the House had agreed to a present Conference.

Ordered, That the Persons formerly appointed, and Sir Job Charlton, do manage the Conference.

Sir Job Charlton reports, from the Conference had with the Lords, upon the Subject-Matter of the last Conference, touching the prohibiting the Importation of French Commodities, That the Lords had agreed to the Votes of this House; with an Addition of a Clause to the End of the hft Vote, in these Words; viz.

" And further humbly to acquaint his Majesty, That, ♦mless the like Prohibition be made in all the rest of his Majesty's Dominions, it is not likely to have that Effect, which his Two Houses of Parliament do desire."

The Question being put. To agree with the Lords in the Amendment by them proposed;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Subject-Matter of the last Conference: And that Mr. Seymour do desire the Conference.

Mr. Seymour reports, That the Lords would fend an Answer, by Messengers of their own, to the Votes of this' House touching the Patent of the Canary Company: And had agreed to a present Conference on the Subject-Matter of the last Conference.

Ordered, That Mr. Henley, Mr. Steward, Sir Jo. Birkenhead, Sir Alien Apfley, Mr. Mr. Hobby, Sir

Allen Broadrick, Sir John Knight, be added to the Committee to which the Bill against Atheism andj Profaneness was committed: And that the Committee be revived; and do fit this Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Hyde have the Leave of this House to go into the Country for Ten Days.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in for Continuance of a former Act touching the Highways.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Cole and Mr,

ProRor;

The Lords have acquainted you, That they have appointed the Lord Chamberlain to attend his Majesty, to know. When his Pleasure is to be attended with the Votes touching the prohibiting the Importation of French Commodities: And that, when they know the Time, they will fend Notice thereof to this House: And have appointed Twelve of theft House, and desire this House to naffie a proportionable Number, to attend his Majesty.

Ordered, That Sir Job Charlton, Sir Geo. Downing, Sir Thom. Clifford, Mr. Garraway, Mr. Seymour, Sir Thom. Ingram, Sir Phil. Warwick, Sir John Birkenhead, Mr. Hyde, Sir Thom. Lee, Lord Herbert, Sir Hen. Cafar, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir John Knight, Mr. Millward, Sir Thom. Gower, Lord Cornbury, Sir Wm. Coventry, Sir Thom. Littleton, Sir James Thyn, Sir Lord

barding. Sir John Goodrich, Sir Richard Temple, be appointed to join with the Twelve Lords, in attending his Majesty with the Votes against the Importation of French Commodities.

Resolved, &c. That the Committee of the whole House do first take into Consideration an Imposition on the Consumption of Commodities, in order to his Majesty's Supply.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

JMercurii, 31° QElobris, 180 Car. IId‘,

Prayers.

MR. Hardress reports, from the Committee to which the additional Bill to enable a Sale of Lands for Payment of the Lord Strangfors Debts . . feme Amendments agreed to be made to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence; and delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: And the Amendments were twice read , and, upon the Question, agreed to.

Another. Clause was tendered and twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Sir John Heath reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for making good a Recovery heretofore suffered by \'Bonham Fance Esquire ..... feme Amendments agreed

by

by the Committee, to be made to the Bill: Which he lead, with the Coherence; and after delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table. And the Amendments being twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to , Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Bill, when ingrossed, be read after Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That Sir Richard have the Leave of this

House to go into the Country for Ten Days.

Ordered, That the Committee, to which the Matter touching the indigent loyal Officers was committed, be revived; and do lit this Afternoon: And that Sir John Knight, Colonel Windham, Mr. Sir

Thomas Clifford, Sir Thomas Men, Sir Roger Colonel Kirkby, Sir Thom. Higgons, Mr. Jonathan Trelaw-ney, Mr. Mallet, Sir Clifford Clifton, be added to the Committee.

' The Clerk of the Crown's Deputy came to the Table of the House; and cancelled and withdrew the false Return for the City of Brijloll.

A Petition of Thomas Sangton Esquire, Mayor of the City of Brijloll, was read.

Resolved, See. That the Mayor of Brijloll be discharged from the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, paying his Fees.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the Consideration of his Majesty's Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Millward took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir JuJlinian and Sir Mondeford Brampston;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint you, that they do concurr with this House in the Votes concerning the Papists: And have appointed Twelve of their House to attend his Majesty with the said Votes; and desire this House to appoint a proportionable Number of this House to join with their Lordships in attending his Majesty.

Resolved, Sec. That the Members appointed to attend his Majesty with the Votes against the Importation of French Commodities, do join with the Twelve Lords appointed to attend his Majesty with the Votes for Suppressing of Popery.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Millward took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A Message from the Lords, by - *.

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint you. That his Majesty hath appointed this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, to be attended at Whitehall, by the Committee of both Houses, with the Votes against the Importation of French Commodities,- and for suppressing the Papists.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Millward took the Chair of the Committee.'

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Millward reports. That the Committee had made some Progress in the Consideration' of his Majesty's Supply: And humbly moved. That the House would resolve into a Committee again on Friday Morning, to proceed in the further Consideration thereof.

Resolved, Sec. That the House, according to former Order, be resolved into a Committee of the whole House on Friday Morning next, to proceed in the Business of Kis Majesty's Supply.

Ordered, That all Committees which were to fit this

Afternoon, be adjourned till Friday Two of the Clock in the Afternoon; and ^re to fit in the Places formerly appointed.

DieVk zneris, 2° Novembris, 18° Car. II

Prayers.

fjRdered, That Dr. Perencheife and Dr. Sander oft, Dean of St. Paul's, be desired to preach before this House on Wednesday next, being the monthly publick Fast-Dayj the one in the Forenoon, and the other in the Afternoon, in St. Margaret's Church, Westminster! And Mr. Crouch and Sir John Birkenhead are desired to give them Notice.

A Bill for Naturalizing of Esther Le Lon, Wife of the Right Honourable Denzill Lord Hollis, was read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time oh Tuesday next.

A Bill for naturalizing Dame Mary Frazer, and others^ was read the First time.

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill be read the Second time oh Tuesday next.

Ordered, That the Bill for the Sale of Goring-House be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Dcxftor Isaac be added to the

Bill of Naturalization.

A Petition of William Tayleur Esquire was read.

Resolved, Sec. That Mr. Tayleur be called in to the Bar Of this House, to averr the Matter of his Petition.

Mr. Tayleur being called in; and {landing at the Bar of the House , and the Petition being {hewed to him; he did own the Petition; and did averr, he would make out the Substance of it to be true.

Ordered, That the Petition be referred to the Committee of Grievances, to take it into Consideration: And that the Committee do fit this Afternoon, to appoint a Day for hearing the Matter.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the Consideration of his Majesty's Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Millward took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Millward reports,- That the Committee of the whole House had proceeded in the Consideration of ani Iiifposition on theConsumption of Commodities, in order to his Majesty's Supply; and had debated an Imposition on some Foreign Commodities; but came to no Rest> lution therein: And humbly moved. That the House would resolve into a Committee Tomorrow, to proceed in the Consideration of his Majesty's Supply.

The Question being propounded, That the Committee of the whole House do, in the next Place, take into Consideration a Land Tax,- in Order to his Majesty's Supply;

And the Question being put, That That Question be now put;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the main Question being put; it was Resolved, That the Committee of the whole House do,' in the next place, take into Consideration a Land Tax,' in order to his Majesty's Supply.

The Lord Fitzharding, being one of the Number that attended' his Majesty with the Votes of both Houses for prohibiting the Importation of French Commodities,' and the Votes for suppressing the Insolency of Papists, acquaints the House, That his Majesty very chearfully accepted of the said Votes; and declared. He would take a- speedy Course therein.

8 A

Ordered;

6 46

Journals of the House of Commons. I

Ordered, That Colonel Leg Mr. , Mr. Stanhope, Sir Fran. Anderson, Sir Lawson, Mr. Nicolas Dennis, Mr. Andrew Newport, Mr. Sir

John Newton, Sir 'Thom. Osborne, Mr. Price, Mr. Rouse, be added to the Committee of Elections.

Die Sabbatiy 30 Novembri 18° Car. IId‘.

Prayers.

ABIL L to enable a Sale of Goring-House in Middlesex was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time on Tuesday next.

Ordered, That the Bill touching Sir Henry Williams be read, on Tuesday next.

A Bill for Relief of Prisoners was read the First time. Ordered, That this Bill be read a Second time on Tuef-day next.

Sir Thomas Gower reports, from the Committee of Grievances, to whom the Petition of Mr. Tayleur was committed, That the Committee, according to the Order, met Yesterday: That the Petition, being miscarried, could not be had; so that there could be no Proceedings by the Committee.

Ordered, That, upon the Calling of the House on Tuesday next, every Member do give an Account, and purge himself,. touching the Libels found in the House; and also concerning the Subftradfcing of Mr. Tayleu's Petition.

Ordered, That Mr Tayleurbe called in to the Bar of this House, to present his Petition again to the House.

Mr. Tayleur, being called in to the Bar of the House, did present his Petition again, under his Hand; which he averred to be the same in Terms with the Petition by him presented Yesterday.

And the Petition being read;

Resolved, &c. That the Petition of Mr. Tayleur be referred to the Committee of Grievances, to take the same into Consideration: And that they do fit this Afternoon, to appoint a Day for hearing the Matter.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of his Majesty's Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Millward took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumes the Chair.

Mr. Millward reports. That the Committee of the whole House had proceeded in the Debate of his Majesty's Supply by a Land Tax j but came to no Refohition therein: And humbly moved. That the House, at their next Sitting, would resolve into a Committee again, to proceed in the further Debate thereof.

Resolved, &c. That all Committees that were to fit this Afternoon, be adjourned till Tuesday, Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Philip Howard, be added to the Committee of Elections.

Resolved, See. That this House shall be adjourned till Tuesday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Martis, 6° Novembri 18° Car. II41. Prayers.

/IRdered, That fitch Members of this House, as are of the Long Robe, shall not be of Counsel on either Side, in any Bill depending in the Lords House, before fitch Bill shall come down from the Lords House to this House.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Metres, Mr. Sandys, be added to the Committee of Elections.

The Commission, granted by his Majesty, for tendering and administring the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, being read;

Mr. Speaker, and the other Members of the House, commissionated by his Majesty, who were present, having taken the said Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, divers of them did attend at and near the Table: And the House being Called, the said Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy were admin iftred to, and taken by, the several Members present, in Order, as their Names were Called over by the Book, wherein they are recorded.

And divers Members making Default in Attendance j and Notice being taken, and their Names marked;

Ordered, That a List be made out of such Members as made Default in Attendance this Day: And that their Names be Called over on this Day Sevennight: And that the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy be then tendered and administred to such of them as shall be then present, and have not, before that Time, since the Granting of the new Commission, have taken the fame: And that such as shall then fail to be present, without such good Excuse as the House shall allow, be, for their Neglect, sent for in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms: And that such Members as shall, during the Sessions of Parliament, desert the Service of the House, and depart into the Country, without Licence obtained from the House, be allb, for their Default herein, sent for in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms.

Ordered, That all Committees which were to fit this Afternoon, be adjourned , and do fit on Thursday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Places appointed.

And then the House adjournedtill Thursday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Jovisy 8° Novembris, 18° Car. 11-".

Prayers.

S^Omelia De Vijher and Lewis De Witte did this Day

take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy before the Speaker, at the Clerk's Table, in order to their Naturalization.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be returned to Doctor Perencbeife, and Doctor Sandcroft Dean of St. Paul's, for the Sermons by them preached before the House Yesterday: And that they bedefired to print their Sermons. And Mr. Crouch is to return the Thanks of this House to Doctor Perencbeife and Sir John Birkenhead to Doctor Sandcroft , with the Desire of the House to each of them to print their Sermons.

A Bill for making Provisions for such as shall be in-fedted with the Plague was read the Second time.

A Clause for the Town of Cambridge was twice read.

Resolved, &c. That the Clause be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pryn, Colonel Reames, Sir Thom. Meeres, Mr. Rigby, Sir Thom. Allen, Sir Demi Ashburnham, Sir Edw.

Mr. Collins, Mr. Daniell, Sir Wm. Doyley, Mr. , Colonel Windham, Sir John BrampftSir Thom. Clifford,

Sir John T,albott. Sir John Strode, Sir Lan. Lake, Mr. Herbert, Sir Thom. Wendy, Mr. Sir John

Goodrich, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Anthony Irby, Mr. Mallet, Sir John Holland, Mr. Pepis, Mr. Crouch, Colonel Sandys, Mr. Herbert Morley, Sir Denham, Mr. Seymour, Serjeant Mainard, Sir John Knight, Sir Wm.Tompson. Sir Fran. Goodrich, Sir Solom. Swale, Mr. Newport, Mr. John Ratcliffe, Sir Wm. Lewis, Mr. Chichley, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Chowne, Sir Robert Atkins, and all

the Members that serve for Cambridgshire: And all that shall come are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in 3 the

18Car. IL Journals of the House of Commons. 647

For the Yeas, 162.

121.

the Exchequer-Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Pa* pers, and Records.

The House then resumed the Debate of the King's Supply.

The Question being put* That Part of the One Million Eight hundred thousand Pounds Supply for his Majesty shall be raised by a Post-Charge of a monthly Assess* ment;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put. That Part of the One Million Eight hundred thousand Pounds shall be raised by a Post-Charge of Eleven Months Assessment j The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Tellers,

Sir 7! born. Gower,

Sir Thom. Lee,

Sir John Buncombe,

Sir Robert Brooke* } For the Noes,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put. That the monthly Assessment be at One hundred and Twenty thousand Pound per menfem;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Tellers,

Mr. Garraway,

Mr. Street,

Lord Richardson,

Sir Robert Brooke,

And so it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, &c. That Part of the One Million Eight hundred thousand Pounds shall be raised on a Poll- Bill.

Resolved, Sec. That Part of the One Million Eight hundred thousand Pounds shall be raised by an Imposition on lealed Paper.

The Question being put. That Candles be brought in; Thq House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Tellers,

Sir John Talbott,

Sir Clifford Clifton,

Sir Anthony Cope,

Mr. Swynfen,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being propounded. That Part of the One Million Eight hundred thousand Pounds shall be raised by an Imposition on Foreign Commodities-,

The Question being put. That this Addition, viz. " at the Custom-house," be added, and made Part of the Question;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Tellers,

| For the Yeas, 93. For the Noes, 183.

For the Yeas, 136. For the Noes, 109.

Sir S thorn. , Sir Thom. Metres, Sir John Talbott, Colonel Phillips,

J For the Yeas, 115. J For the Noes, 122.

And lb it passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, That Part of the One Million Eight hundred thousand Pounds shall be raised by an Imposition upon Foreign Commodities

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Tellers,

Sir John Talbott,

Mr. Seymour,

Sir Thom. Meeres,

Sir Thom. Littleton,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

For the Yeas, 154. For the Noes, 89.

Ordered, That all Committees which were to fit this Afterndon, except the Committee of Elections, do fit Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Veneris, 90 Novetnbris, 180 Car. 11/";

Prayers.

MR. Street reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for enabling Robert Huffey Esquire to dil-pose the Manor of WinterbourneThompf was committed*

some Amendments, agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence } and alter, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table;

And the First Amendment being read}

And a Debate thereupon arising, touching the Interest of such Persons as had an Estate in Remainder, that they had not been heard;

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be re-committed to the former Committee: And that the Committee be revived} and do fit this Afternoon: And they are to summon and hear such Persons as are concerned.

Sir Job Charlton reports, from the Committee of Elections, touching the Election of a Knight for the County of Somersett, between Sir John and Sit

John Siddenham, That the Committee had fully examined the Matter, and heard the Evidence on both Sides; and were of Opinion, That Sir John Warr was duly elected* and ought to fit.

Resolved, See. That this House doth agree with thef Committee, That Sir John Warr was duly elected, and ought to fit.

The Question being put. That a Bill be brought in fof enabling certain Persons to take an Accompt of the Dip burfements of the publick Monies upon Oath }

The House was divided.

The Y eas went.

Tellers,

Sir Thomas Lett Sir Hen. Newton,

Sir Thomas Woodcock,

Mr. Vaughan, j

And so it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, Sec. That his Majesty having been gfad-ously pleased to command his Officers to bring into the House of Commons their Accompts of the Receipts and Disbursements of the publick Monies raised to maintain this present War, That the Lords be desired to name a Committee of their House, to join with a Committee of this House, to the end the same Accompts may be examined, and taken upon Oath.

J For the Yeas,

> For the Noes, 118.

Forasmuch as, upon the Calling of the House, it appeared, That several Members were newly come to Town, who had not Notice of the Order, nor Time to prepare themselves for the Receiving the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper, at the Day appointed *,

Resolved, See. That the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper shall be received on the Second Sunday in December next, in St. Margaret's Church, according to the Form prescribed in the Liturgy of the Church of England: And that whosoever of the Members shall not then and there receive the said Sacrament, shall not, after that Day, come into the House, until he shall have received the said Sacrament, in the Presence of Two or more of the Parties appointed for that Purpose -, and the feme to be certified, and the Certificate thereof allowed, by the House, according to the Order made the First Sessions of this Parliament.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Whitmore, Lord Seymour, Sir John Strode, Colonel Lane, Mr. Sam. Sandys, Mr. John Steward, be added to the Committee of Elections.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Browne and Mr. Onslow be added to the Committee for suppressing Popery.

Mr < Waller reports. That he had attended the Lords with the Desire of this House, touching a Committee, to be named by the Lords, to join with a Committee of this House, that the publick Accompts might be taken

upon

6'j.S Journals of the House of Commons.

upon Oath: Anti that the Lords would return an Answer

by Messengers of their own.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Sabbati, io°Novembris^ 18 IT'.

Prayers.

f^Rderedy That Mr. Torke have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

Ordered, That the Committee to which the Bill against Atheism and Profaneness was committed, be revived j and do fit this Afternoon at Two of the Clock.

A Bill for Naturalizing of EJlher Le Wife of the Right Honourable Denzill Lord , was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ashburnham, Sir Thomas Clifford', Sir Antho. Irby, Sir Jo. Talbott, Sir James Thyn, Sis John Strode, Sir Charles bord, Mr. Tregonnell, Mr. Herbert, Colonel Reamts, Sir

George Downing, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Sir Robert

Carr, Mr. Churchill, Mr. Crouch, and all the Members of this House that serve for the County of Dorsett: And they are to meet on Monday at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for the Naturalizing of Isabella of Naffawe, Wife to the Right Honourable the Lord Arlington, one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, was read the Third time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be agreed to.

A Bill to enable the Sale of Goring-House was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed to Colonel Reames, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Wm. Gawdy, Lord Ri-thardson, Sir Thomas Clifford, Mr. Herbert, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Geo. Downing, Sir John Heath, Colonel Windham, Colonel Strode, Sir Thom. Littleton, Sir James Tbynn, Mr. Maynard, Mr. Chetwyn, Sir Wm. Lewis, Sir Cecil Bishopp, Sir Solom. Swale, Mr. Hobby, Sir John Monson, Doctor Arris, Sir Foulke Lucy, Sir Hugh Mr.

Stanhope, Sir Hen. Cafar, Mr. Mallet, Sir Wm. Doyley, Mr. Collins, Sir Richard Braham, Mr. Rigby, Colonel Sandys, Mr. Pepis, Sir John Earnley, Mr. Seymour, Mr.

Whittaker, Sir Richard Francklyn, Mr. Churchill, Lord Allington, Sir Wm. Hickman, Colonel Phillips, Mr. Grey, Mr. Saint John, Mr. Stockdale, Mr. Peircy Goring, Mr. Crouch, Sir John Napper: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer-Chamber; and to inform themselves of the Debts and Value of the Estate; and to summon and hear all Parties concerned: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for Encouraging of Coinage, was read.

Resolved", See<That the Bill do pals: And that the Title shall be, An Act for Encouraging of Coinage: And Sir George Downeing is to carry up this Bill, and such other Bills as have passed this House, to the Lords; and to put the Lords in mind of the Votes concerning the Patent of die Canary Company; and to desire them to take them into Consideration.

Resolved, See. That a Committee be appointed to resort to the Offices and Records; and to bring in an Estimate, What the Imposition on Sealed Paper and Parchment may amount to: And that it be referred to Sir Job Charlton, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Prynn, Mr. Garraway, Sir Fran. Good-rick, colonel Birch, Mr. Trelawney, Mr. Crouch, Sir Thomas Meeres, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Edm. j

ptole. Sir Richard Ford, Sir Riclxird Temple, Mr. Mill-ward, Mr. Jones, Sir Robert Akins, Sir Wm. Lewis, Sir Thom. Clerges, Mr. Street, Mr. Sir Charles

Hatdtord, Sir John Duncombe, Sir John Holland, Mr. Spry, Sir Robert Carr, Colonel Strangwaies, Sir Wm. Gawdy, Colonel Reames, Mr. Jolly, Sir Wm. Tompson, Sir John Knight, Sir John Talbotts, Sir Edm. Pearfe, Sir Philip Warwicks, Mr. Coleman, Mr. Sandys, Sir Thomas Littleton, Sir John Goodrick, Mr. Strickland, Sir Sir

Geo. Downing, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Wm. Coventry, Co-

lonel Windham, Doctor Burrell, and all the Members of the House, that are of the Long Robe: And that this Committee have Power to name Sub-Committees to resort to Offices and Records; and to prepare and facilitate the Matter, for the better Proceeding of the Committee: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Exchequer-Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, arid Records , and to consider how the Duty may be collected with moll Ease, and least Charge: And that the Committee be impowered to prepare and bring in a Bill for alfelling and collecting the said Duty.

Ordered, That Sir Edmund Pearfe be added to the Committee for Prevention of Suits by Landlords against their Tenants.

Ordered, That Mr. Dunstar, Mr. Pepis, Mr. , Sir Wm. Lewis, Sir Thom. LitMr. Sir

John Fagg, Sir Edm. Perse, Mr. Herbert, Sir John Napper, Mr. Swynfen, Sir Humphry Wyncb, Sir John Mainard, Sir Thomas Meeres, Sir Geo. Probert, Mr. Wren, Mr. Turges, Mr. Marwell, Mr. Saint John, Mr. Garraway,

Mr. Swynfen, Lord Saint John, Mr. Dennis, Sir Richard Francklyn,. Mr. Turgis, Sir Charles Harbord, Colonel Sandys, Mr. Crooke, Sir John Talbott, Sir John Newton, Sir Charles Cot ter ell, be added to the Committee for preventing of Suits by Landlords against their Tenants.

Ordered, That Sir Thom. Mompeffon, Sir John Stapeley, Mr. Rigby, Sir Gilbert Talbott, Sir Humphry Hooke, Mr. Bannajlree Mainard, Sir Fran. Wernan, be added to the Committee of Elections.

Ordered, That the Committee for inspecting the pu-blick Accompts be revived and do fit de die in diem: And that Sir Thomas Meeres be added to the Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Henley and Mr. Marvell be added to the Committee for inquiring after the Causes of the late Fire.

Ordered, That Lord Herbert, Sir Thomas Meeres, Sir Geo. Probert, Mr. Wren, Mr. Finch, Sir John albott. Sir Hen. Newton, Sir Charles Cotterell, Sir Wm. Fleetwood, be added to the Committee for Printing.

Resolved, See. That a Bill be brought in to provide Buckets, and other Utensils, to be kept in every House, for the better Quenching of Fire: And it is recommended to Mr. Coventry to bring in the Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Lunce, 12° Novemb, 18° Car. II"1.

Prayers.

SIR Solomon Swale reports, from the Committee to which the ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, for Supply of Part of the Jointure of the Lady Elizabeth Noell was committed. That the Committee had carefully perused the Bill; and heard all Parties concerned; and found no Cause to make any Alteration or Amendment thereto.

A Bill for Preparing of Gold and Silver Wire was read. The Question being put. That the Bill be read the Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

A

A Bill for Payment of the Debts, and making Provision for the Widow and Children, of Sir Henry de-

ceased, was read the First: time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time on this Day Sevennight.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill against Duelling be read a Second time on Thursday next.

Resolved, &c. That no new private Business be entertained for a Fortnight.

The Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do leave the Chair *, and the House resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the Consideration of the King's Supply;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Mill-ward took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Mill-ward reports. That the Committee had made some Progress in the Matter of the King's Supply: And humbly moved. That the House would, according to former Order, resolve into a Committee again Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock, to proceed in the further Consideration thereof.

Ordered, That the Hearing of the Cause upon Mr. Ro-

harts' Bill, appointed to be heard at the Bar of this House Tomorrow, be deferred and respited till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That all Committees, that were to fit this Afternoon, except the Committee concerning sealed Paper, be adjourned till Tomorrow, Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. James Praed, Mr. Tregonnell, Mr. Thom. Hcrle, Mr. Pitts, be added to the Committee of Elections.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Marlis, 130 Nov 180 IP*.

Prayers.

' TXEfolved, &c. That no new Business be entertained, until

the publick Business of his Majesty's Supply- be dispatched.

Ordered, That Mr. Scudamore, Sir Prancts Vincent, Sir Adam Browne, Sir John Earnley, Colonel Birch, Sir Edw. Wife, Sir Richard Browne, Mr. Duckett, Sir Phil. Hat-court, Lord Ross, be added to the Committee of Elections.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of his Majesty's Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Millward took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Millward reports. That the Committee of the whole House had made some further Progress in the Business of his Majesty's Supply.

Resolved,&c. That the Names of the Members, Defaulters at the Call of the House, appointed to be Called over this Day, be Called over this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the Report concerning the Election of

Winchelfe'a be made to the House on Monday next come Sevennight.

Ordered, That all Members that come shall have Voices at the Committee concerning Printing.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Mercuriiy 14 Nov. 181 Car. Iid<.

Prayers.

JRdered, That Sir John Salisbury have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

Resolved, &c. That the humble and hearty Thanks of this House be returned to his Majesty, for HTuing out his Proclamation; and for the other Orders and Directions given by his Majesty, in pursuance of the Votes of both Houses presented to him, for the Prevention of the Insolency of Papists: And that the Concurrence of the Lords be desired to this Vote.

And Sir Robert Brooke is to go up to the Lords, desire their Concurrence.

The House then relblved into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of his Majesty's Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Millward took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Millward reports, That the Committee had made some further Progress in the Matter of the King's Supply: And humbly moved. That the House would, according to former Order, resolve into a Committee again Tomorrow Morning, to proceed in the further Debate thereof.

Resolved, &c. That the House will resolve into a Committee of the whole House Tomorrow Morning, to proceed in the further Consideration of his Majesty's Supply.

Ordered, That Mr. Whittaker, Sir John Pelham, Sir Robert Mason, be added to the Committee of Elections.

And then the Hotife adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of die Clock.

Dieyovis, 150Novernb y 13° Car. IF1.

Prayers.

A Bill for the more effectual Bringing-in of Monies, and other Things, belonging to, and concealed from, his Majesty, was read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time on Tuesday come Sevennight.

Ordered, That these Words, For the Prevention of the Insolency of the Papists," be added to the Vote of* Thanks to be returned to his Majesty, made Yesterday.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the whoI« House, to proceed in the further Consideration of his Majesty's Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Millward took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Millward reports. That the Committee had made some further Progress in the Matter of the King's Supply: And humbly moved. That the House would, according to former Order, resolve into a Committee again Tomorrow Morning, to proceed in the further Debate thereof.

Resolved, &c. That the House will resolve into a Committee of the whole House Tomorrow Morning, to proceed in the further Consideration of his Majesty's Supply.

Ordered, That Sir Gilbert Ireland, Sir Allen Broadrick,

Sir -Thom. Preston, Mr. Blaker, Colonel Tynt, Colonel

Hugh Windham, Sir Hen. Newton alias Puckering, Sir Thom. Heblethwaite, Mr. Buckland Sir John Moreton, Mr. Richard Lewis, Sir Thom. Wendy, Sir John Shaw, Mr. Michael Mallet, be added to the Committee of Elections.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

8 B

Die

Journals of the House of Commons. 1

65 o

Die Veneris, 160 Nov. 180 Car. IT*.

Prayers.

A Bill for Naturalizing of Dame , and

others, was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed to Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Robert Brooke, Doctor Burwell, Sir Thyn, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Thom. Sir John

Knight, Mr. Sprye, Mr. Sandys, Sir , Sir Robert

Carr, Colonel Birch, Sir Edm. Pearfe, Sir Wm.

Sir John Norton, Colonel John Robinson, Colonel Reamcs,

Sir "Thomas Gower, Mr. Prynn, Colonel Kirkby, Sir John Goodrich, Mr. Prytt, Mr. Stanhope, Sir Thom. Allen, Mr. Hobby, Mr Pepis, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Collins, Mr.

Lord Herbert, Sir John Lowther, Mr. Musgrave, Mr. Steward, Sir John Talbott, Sir Solom. Swale, Sir John Vaughan, Sir Richard Everard: And they are to meet on Wednesday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Committee to which the Bill to prevent Suits by Landlords against Tenants, whole Houses were burnt down, was committed, be revived; and do fit this Afternoon at Two of the Clock.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Conway and Sir John Packing-ton have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

A Bill for making void a Lease made by Thomas Pride, and others, for Ninety-nine Years, of certain Lands in Redriffe Parish, was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed to Sir Wm. Smith, Mr. Pryn, Sir John Talbott, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Solom. Swale, Colonel Reames, Sir Thom. Tompkins, Colonel Windham, Mr. Stanhope, Sir Edm. Pearfe, Mr. Street, Sir Thom. Dolman, Colonel Birch, Sir Robert Atkins, Mr. Millward, Sir Thom. Clerges, Mr. Greenvile, Sir Rowland Berkley, Mr. Marvell, Mr. Steward, Sir Fran.Goodrich, Mr. Mountague, Sir Anth. Irby, Mr. Crouch, Colonel Sandys, Sir Phil. Warwick, Sir Adam Browne, Sir John Knight, Mr. Spry, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Jo. Strode, Sir Hen. Cafar, Sir Wm. Fleetwood, Mr. Pri-deaux, Colonel Hugh Windham: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir George Downing reports, from the Committee ap-. pointed to consider of Expedients for Advance of Trade, and native Manufactures, That it was the Opinion of the Committee, That the House be humbly moved. That a Bill be brought in, That no dead Person or Persons whatsoever be dressed or wrapped up for Burial, or buried, in any Sort of Stuff or Things made of, or mingled with. Hemp, Flax, Silk, or Cotton; or in any Sort or Kind of Stuff whatsoever, except Flannel, or other Stuff made of Wool only.

Resolved, See. That this House doth agree in Opinion with the Committee: And that it be referred to the same Committee, to prepare and bring in a Bill, accordingly.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Cohsideration of his Majesty's Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Millward took the Chair of die Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Millward reports. That the Committee of the whole House had agreed several Votes and Resolves, in order to the Preparing of a Poll- Bill: Which they desired might be reported to the House Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, Scc. That the Report of the Committee of the whole House, of the Votes and Resolves by them agreed, in order to a Poll- Bill, be heard Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Sabbati, 17 0 Nov. 18 Car. IT'. Prayers.

A Bill for Continuance of a former Act, for Prevention of Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Bor1 ders of England, was read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read a Second time on Wednesday next.

Sir Robert Brooke reports. That he had attended the Lords with the Vote of this House, with Thanks to be returned to his Majesty for issuing his Proclamation, and for other Orders and Directions given by his Majesty, for Prevention of the Insolency of Papists: And that the Lords had concurred with this House; and had named Twelve of their House; and desired this House to name a proportionable Number, to join with them in returning the Thanks of both Houses to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Twenty-four Members, formerly named to join with the Twelve Lords, be again appointed to join with them, in returning Thanks to his Majesty for his late Proclamation, and for the other Orders and instructions given by his Majesty, for Prevention of the Insolency of Papists.

Ordered, That the Matter of Breach of Privilege, ob-jested against one Lloyd, 'for moving for a new Venire Facias, and to set aside a former Tryal, and to have a new Tryal in the Exchequer, concerning a Title of Land, wherein Mr. Wyn, a Member of this House, is concerned, be referred to the Committee of Privileges; to examine and report: And that all Proceeding herein be (laid, during the Session of Parliament.

A Bill for Prevention of Escapes of Prisoners out of the Fleet and King"s-Bench was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pryn^ Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Mallet, Mr. , Mr. Millward, Sir Solom. Swale, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Pley-dall, Mr. Jones, Mr. We ftpbaling. Sir Richard Mr. Sollicitor-General, Sir Thom. Allen, Mr. Henley, Sir Thom. Dolman, Sir John Lowther, Colonel Kirkby, Sir Fran. Goodrick, Sir Robert Brooke, Sir Charles,

Sir Richard Brabam, Mr. Seymour, Sir Thorn.

Sir John Moreton, Mr. Musgrave, Mr. Morice, Mr. Jolly, Sir John Strode, Sir John Mai Sir John Knight, Sir James Thyn, Sir Wm. Lewis, Colonel Birch, Mr.

and all the Members of the House that are of the Long Robe: And all the Members of this House who shall come, are to have Voices: And they are to meet in the Exchequer-Chamber, on Wednesday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to fend for Persons, Papers* and Records.

Ordered, That all the Members of the House that shall come to the Committee to winch the Bill concerning Sir Thomas Higgons is committed, shall have Voices at the Committee.

Mr. Millward reports, from the Committee of the whole House; That the Committee had agreed upon several Votes and Resolves, in order to a Poll- Bill: Which he read in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: And the feme being read;

The Five first Resolves were read a Second time; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

The Sixth Resolve, concerning the Polling of Servants, was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the Word "Perquisites" be struck out of the Resolve: And that the fame, with this Amendment, be agreed.

The rest of the Resolves were read a Second time; and, with some Amendments, upon the Question, agreed.

And an Amendment being made to the Resolve concerning the Polling of Offices;

The foid Resolves were, upon the Question, severally agreed to: And were as followeth; viz.

I Resolved,

Resolved, That every Head, to be polled, pay not less than Twelve-pence:

That all Aliens, according to their Qualities, be doubly charged:

That all such Persons who conform not to the Church, by coming to Divine Service, according to Law, pay double:

That all Persons, receiving Alms from the Parish, be exempted:

That such Children, under the Age of Fourteen Years, of such Housholders who pay not to Church or Poor, be exempted:

That Servants shall be polled at the Rate of Twelve-pence in the Pound for their Wages

That Corn, Cattle, and Goods employed for Stock of Land, and Furniture of Houses, and so much of the Stock used in Trade, already taxed in the Monthly Assessment, shall be exempted out of personal Estates, to be taxed by the Poll- Bill:

That so much of the Personal Estate, that is not taxed in the monthly Assessment, shall be taxed by the Poll- Bill: That Twenty Shillings in the Hundred Pounds be imposed upon Personal Estates to be taxed by the Poll- Bill: That the Person to be polled for his Personal Estate shall be admitted to swear in his own Discharge:

That no Person be taxed in the Poll- Bill for Money lent to the King upon the Act of Assessment made at and unpaid:

That no Person be taxed in the Poll- Bill for Money to be lent to the King upon any Act of this present Session of Parliament, for his Majesty's Supply.

The Question being put. That the Monies lent by the City, upon the Chimney-Money, to his Majesty, at no greater Advantage than Six per Cent, shall be discharged, whilst unpaid;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

That all Officers, their Secondaries, Deputies, Agents, and Clerks, shall be polled for their Offices and Employments; and all other Persons for their publick Employments and Perquisites , except such Persons as are, or shall be, under Muller and Pay at Land or Sea i

That Persons to be polled for their Offices and publick Employments, that are already taxed in the monthly Af-leffment, be taxed at the Rate of Twelve-pence in the Pound in the Poll- Bill:

That Persons to be polled for their Offices, and publick Employments, not already taxed in the monthly Assessment, be taxed at the Rate of Three Shillings in the Pound: That all Pensions granted by his Majesty's Letters Patents be polled at Three Shillings in the Pound:

That the Praftifers in the Common and Civil Law, and of Physick, be taxed, upon the Poll- Bill, at the Rate of Two Shillings in the Pound.

Ordered, That Mr. Sollicitor-General, Mr.

Sir Edw. Thurland, Sir John Mainard, Sir Job Charlton., do prepare and bring in a Poll- Bill, upon the Votes of this House.'

Ordered, That Sir Henry B be added to the Committee of Elections.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Dunce, 190 Nov. 180 Car. II41.

Prayers.

rT'Heodore Haak did this Day take the Oaths of Allegiance * and Supremacy, before Mr. Speaker, at the Clerk's Table, in order to his Naturalization.

Ordered, That the Report of the Committee, appointed to inquire into the Causes of the late Fire, be heard on Wednesday Morning.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Brooke have the Leave of this House. to go into the Country.

The House did then proceed to the Hearing of the Cause between Mr. Robarts and Mr. Wynn, and others, upon the Bill depending in this House, for setting aside a pretended Will, and settling the Estate, of John Esquire, deceased.

And the Parties and their Couilfel being called to the Bar of the House,

Sir Wm. Scroggs, Mr. Calthrop, Mr. Jones, and others, of Counsel with Mr. Robarts, having stated and opened the same on his Behalf , and divers Witnesses being examined at the Bar, feme of them crofe-examined on the other Side j and the Depositions of feme Witnesses which were dead, and others which were sick, being read; as also a Letter of Mr. Bodvile;

And some Debate arising, Whether Mrs. Bodvile, Mother of Mrs. Robarts, should be admitted aWitness,

The Parties and Counsel being withdrawn; and the Matter being debated in the House

The Question being put. That Mrs. Bodvile be admitted a Witness;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And Mrs. Bodvile, with several other Witnesses, being examined on the Behalf of Mr. Robarts;

Resolved, &c. That the House will proceed in the further Hearing of the Cause concerning Mr. Robarts and Mr. Wynne on Wednesday.

Ordered, That Mr. Millward have Leave to go into the Country.

Ordered, That all Committees that were to fit this Afternoon, be adjourned till next, Two of the

Clock in the Afternoon.

Die Mercuriiy 11° Nov. 18° Car. II1.

Prayers.

f\Rdered, That the Names of the Members, who made Default in appearing when the House was Called, be Called over on Saturday next.

The House then proceeded in the Hearing of the Cause between Mr. Robarts and others, against Mr. Wyn and others, upon the Bill depending in this House, for setting aside a pretended Will, and settling the Estate, of John Bodvile Esquire, deceased.

And the Cafe, on the Behalf of Mr. Wyn, being stated, and opened, by Mr. ' Serjeant Holloway, Mr, Williams, and Mr. Winington , several Witnesses were examined at the Bar j and cross-examined.

And the Notes taken by Mr. Pollard from Mr. Bodvile, as he affirmed, for Instructions to make his last Will, dated the Twentieth of December, 1662, were read $ as also the Deposition of Mr. Toll, deceased j and the Will, dated the Twentieth of December, 1662. —

A Message 4rom the Lords, by Sir Wm. Child and Sir Moundeford Brampfton,

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have Commanded us to acquaint you. That his Majesty hath appointed Three of the Clock this Afternoon for the Committees of both Houses to attend him at Whitehall.- —

The House then proceeded in the further Hearing of the Cause between Mr. Robarts and Mr. Wynn.

And several other Witnesses being examined; and the Depositions of some Witnesses read , as also several Letters and Notes of Bodvile; and Counsel on both Sides having been fully heard;

Resolved, That the Debate of the Cause between Mr. Robarts and Mr. Wynn be adjourned, and taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning at Nine of the Clock.

Ordered, That all Committees which were to fit this Afternoon, be adjourned till Tomorrow, Two of the

Clock,

Clock, Afternoon , except the Committee for Grievances; which is adjourned till FridayTwo of the Clock, After-neon.

Die Jovis, 2 2° Nov.18° Car. II*1.

Prayers.

cyOhn William David did this Day take the Oaths of J Allegiance and Supremacy, before Mr. Speaker, at the Clerk's Table, in order to his Naturalization.

Mr. Serjeant Charlton reports. That the Committee of Elections had taken into Consideration the Cause between Mr. Gray and Mr. Collingwood, touching the Election for the Town of Berwicke upon Tweed: And, having examined the Witnesses, and fully heard the Matter on both Sides, That the Committee was of Opinion, That Mr. Collingwood had the Majority of Voices, was duly elected, and ought to fit.

Resolved, See. That this House doth agree with the Committee of Elections: And that Mr. Collingwood was duly elected for the Town of Berwick.

A Bill to continue a former Act for Prevention of Rapine on the Northern Borders was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir Wm. Hickman, Mr. Pryn, Sir Thom. Tompkins., Sir Phil. grave. Sir Anthony Irby, Sir Clifford Clifton, Mr. , '

Mr. Dalston, Sir Hen. Bellafis, Sir Lowther, Sir Lane.

Lake, Sir Wm. Morton, Lord Cafileton, Sir John Coriton, Sir Thom. Allen, Mr. Collingwood, Sir John Talbott, and all the Members of this l louse that serve for the Counties of Westmorlar.d, Cumberland, and York-

fibre: And they are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, on Saturday next: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Sir Joseph Tredenham have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

Ordered, That Sir John Vaughan be added to the Committee for the Bill for Naturalization.

A Bill to prevent the Sending and Carrying of Challenges, and Fighting of Duels, was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed to Sir Edw. Thurland, Sir Wm. Hickman, Mr. Pryn, Sir Hen.

Mr. Pepis, Sir John Heath, Sir Wm. Moreton, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Thom. Clcrges, Sir Thom. Allen, Sir Anthony Irby, Sir Geo. Reeve, Mr. Jay, Mr. Trelawney, Sir John Strode, Sir John Birkenhead, Mr. Chetwyn, Mr. Waller, Mr.

Sandys. Sir Wm.Smith, Sir Wm.Gawdy, Sir Swale,

Sir Richard Oateley, Mr. Hungerford, Lord Richardson, Mr. Garraway, Mr. Chowne, Sir Wm. Lowther, Mr.

Hobby: And all the Members of this House thatlhall come, are to have Voices: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer-Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House then resumed the Debate of the Cause between Mr. Robarts and others, and Mr. Wyn and others, upon the Bill depending in this House, for setting aside a pretended Will, and settling the Estate, of John Bodvile Esquire, deceased.

And Mr. Serjeant Littleton and Mr. Jones, Two Members of the House, having given their Testimony touching the Sanity of Memory in Mr. Bodvile about the Time of passing the Fines;

And Mr. Henry Wyn having given his Evidence touching the Intention and Declaration of Mr. Bodvile for settling his Estate; and of Mr. Wyn's Practice and Contrivance in procuring the last Will;

And Sir James Smith having given his Testimony touch-

ing the Credit of one Toll;

And the Matter being debated in the House;

Resolved, See. That the Bill for setting aside a pretended Will, and settling the Estate, of John Bodvile Esquire, deceased, be committed to Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Thomas Clifford, Sir John Knight, Sir Robert Holt, Colonel Birch, Mr. Secretary Morice, Sir Thom. Gower, Sir John Good-rick, Sir John Birkenhead, Lord Richardson, Sir Hen. lajis. Lord Herbert, Mr. Trelawney, Mr. Sir John

Talbott, Sir Richard Ford, Sir Joseph T:redinham. Sir Fran.

Goodrich, Mr. Wm. Sandys, Sir James Smith, Mr.

Mr. Richard Rouse, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Barnaby, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Edw. Thurland, Mr. Edw. Seymour, Lord Ancram, Sir Wm. Doyley, Sir Solom. Swale, Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Morice, Mr. Wyn, Mr. Bufcawen, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Lord Mandevile, Mr. Serjeant Mainard,

Sir Richard Everard, Mr. Greenvile, Sir Richard Oateley, Mr. Westphaling, Mr. Price, and all the Members of this

House that serve for North-Wales, and the Counties of Cornwall and Devon: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in die Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

And then . House adjourned till Tc-morrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Veneris, 130 Nov. 180 Car. II*1.

Pr avers.

A Petition of John Gunter Gentleman was read.

Ordered, That John Gunter be discharged front the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, paying his Fees.

Ordered, That the Committee to which the Bill for inclosing Part of the Common of Outwood was committed, be revived; and do meet this Afternoon.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Killigrew have Leave to bring in a Bill on Wednesday next.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Meeres, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Charles Harbord, Mr. Morice, Sir Geo. Downing, Mr. Mallet, Mr. Street, Mr. Wm. Sandy s. Sir John Cory ton, Mr. Westphaling, be added to the Committee for Naturalization.

A Bill for enabling Thomas Leigh Esquire to fell Lands to pay Debts was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed to Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Westphaling, Sir John Goodrich, Sir Thom. Tompkins, Sir Anth. Irby, Dcxftor Burrell, Sir Jonathan Trelawney, Mr. Mountague, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Mr. Rigby, Sir Foulke Lucy, Colonel Reames, Sir Thomas Gower, Sir Solom. Swale, Sir Robert Holt, Sir Thom. Hig-gons. Sir John Morton, Sir John Talbott, Mr. Hardes, Sir Charles Harbord, Mr. Joseph Mainard, Colonel,

Sir Edmund Peirce, Colonel Grey, Mr. Street, Mr. Andrew Newport, Major-General Egerton, Colonel Sir

Richard Oateley, Mr. Barnaby, Mr. Chetwyn, Mr. Robarts, Sir John Newton, Mr. Price, and all the Members of this House who serve for the several Counties of Lancaster and Chester: And they are to meet on Tuesday next, at Two. of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for Relief of poor Prisoners was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Pryn, Sir Solom. Swale, Sir Fran. Goodrich , Sir John Morton, Colonel Kirby, Sir John Talbott, Sir Thom. , Sir Phil. Musgrave, Doctor Burrell, Sir Antho. Irby, Sir

Charles Harbord, Sir John Strode, Sir Geo. Probert, Sir Hen. C^far, Mr. Chetwyn, Mr. Morice, Sir Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Wm.Gawdy, Mr. Lucy, Mr. Harbord, Sir Lane Lake, Mr. Sireet, Mr Mr.

Westphaling, Colonel Reames, Mr. Ratcliffe, Sir

Carr, Lord Richardson, Mr. Pepis, Trelawney,

Sir Wilfred Law fin. Sir Thom. Alien, Mr. Hardes, Sir

Thom.

18 Car. II.

Journals of the House of Commons.

Thom. Dyke, Sir John Newton: And all the IVJembers that shall come are to have VoicesAnd they are tp meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for providing Utensils for the speedy Quenching of Fire was read the First time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

The House then resumed the Debate of the King's Supply; and in particular. Whether Honours shall be assessed by tire Poll- Bill.

Resolved, &cc. That Honours and Tides shall be charged in this Poll- Bill.

The Question being put. That Honours and Dignities shall be rated, as they were in the last Poll- Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, That Honours and Dignities be assessed at a Moiety of what they were in the last Poll- Bill;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being propounded, That, where the Estate doth exceed the Dignity, Persons shall be rated a Moiety of what they were in the last Poll- Bill,

The Question being put. That this Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved', &c. That a Gentleman shall be taxed Twenty Shillings in the Poll- Bill for his Dignity.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Sabbatiy 140 Novembrts, 18° Car. II41.

Prayers.

/~\Rdered, That Sir Gilbert , Mr. , Mr. Ro-harts. Sir Richard Everard, Sir James , Mr.

Fowell, Sir Thomas Higgons, Mr. Hender be

added to the Committee to which the Bill concerning Mrs. Pride is committed.

Ordered, That the Committee of Grievances do fit on Monday next, in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Committee of Grievances have Leave to fit every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday in the After-

noon.

Mr. Ratcliffereports, from the Committee to which the

Bill for making Provisions for such as shall be infetted with the Plague was committed, several Amendments, agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

And the Amendments being twice read; and, on the Question, severally agreed, until the Amendment to the Twenty-fifth Folio of the Bill;

And a Debate arising on That Amendment, in relation to the Preference of the Vicechancellor of the University of Cambridge before the Mayor, who is named first in the Amendment;

The Question being put. To agree with- the Committee in that Point of the Amendment;

The House was divided.

The Noes went out.

T ellers

j For the Yeas, ».

And so it passed in the Negative.

And the Amendment was rectified; and the Vicechancellor inferred before the Mayor; and, with the Alteration, On the Question,- agreed to.

And the rest of the Amendments were twice read; and j upon the Question, severally agreed. ....

A Proviso was tendered, and twice read, for making the Bill temporary. . ... ....

Resolved, &c. That the Proviso be agreed to, and made Part of the Bill. -. , ....

Resolved, See. That the Billj with . Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Mundeford fton and Sir Nathanael Hobart; . 1

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have returned you the . Bill against Importing of Cattle from Ireland, and other Parts beyond the Seas, and Fish taken by Foreigners, with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Ordered, That the Amendments, font from the Lords j to the Bill against Importing of Cattle from Ireland, and other Parts beyond the Seas, and Fish taken by Foreigners, be taken into Consideration on Tuesday next.

Mr. Hv.ngerford reports from the Committee for suppressing the Inlolency of Popish Priests, That an Information being given in at the Committee, That Sir Philip Howard, a Member of this House, had font for one Anthony die Leure; and reproached him for changing his Religion; and advised him to return tp his Convent in France; and, to encourage him therein, promised to supply him with Money; and would recommend him to some Priest at Somerset-House; and told him,. If he staid here, he would become beggarly and miserable, and find no Relief; That the Committee had summoned the said de Leure, and the Two Frenchmen, in whose. Presence the said Words were pretended to be spoken by the said Sir. Philip Howard: That the Two had attended

the Committee; and, being examined, utterly denied any, such Words were ever spoken by Sir Philip Howard in their PAfence: And the said de Leure refused to attend the Committee; but is absented, and cannot be found; And that the Committee, upon the whole Matter, were satisfied. That de Leure is an Impostor, and a Knave; and that the whole Information was a Lye: And had passed this. Vote;

That the Words, spoken by d' of Sir Philip

Howard, were a Lye, and a false Scandal.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, That the Words, spoken by d' Lheure of Sir Philip Howard, were a Lye, and a false Scandal.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms do apprehend and take into Custody the said Anthony cl Leure, if he can find him; tb a'nfwer his Abuse and Misdemeanor against Sir Philip Howard, a Member of this House.

The House then resumed th'e Debate.of the King's Supply.

Resolved, &c. That the Clergy be rated in die Poll- Bill for their Titles and Dignid.es.

The Bill for railing Part of the' One million Eight hundred thousand Pounds Supply for his Majesty, by a Poll- Bill, was read the First time.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read the Second time on Monday next.

Ordered, That Mr. Langborne, Mr. Sir Robert

Mafoh, Sir Robert Worjley, Mr. Jones, Sir Fran. Leaked be added to the Committee of Elections.

Die Luna, 16° Novembr, 180 Car. IT11.

Prayers.

(\Rdered, That Mr. puckett have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Writ, for electing a new Member to serve for the Devizes in tPiliJheere, in the stead olWm. Torke Esquire, deceased,

8 C A'

A Bill for regulating the Making of Brick and Tile was read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for enabling the Lord Bishop of Durefme to grant a Lease, for Three Lives, to Humphry Wharton Esquire, of certain Lead-Mines, was read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read a Second time on wfday next.-

Ordered, That the Report concerning Mr. Robert's Bill be made Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for raising Part of the One million Eight hundred thousand Pounds Supply for his Majesty by a Poll- was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House: And that the Committee be impowered to appoint some Persons to inspect the Heads of the Bill; and to bring in an Estimate, What Sum of Money may be raised on the Bill.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to desire them tb take into Consideration the Votes of this House concerning the Patent of the Canary Company.

And Mr. Seymour is to go up to the Lords with this Message.

The House then resolved fnto a Committee of the whole House, upon the Poll- Bill, for his Majesty's Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steward took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chais.

Mr. Steward reports. That the Committee of the whole House had entered upon the Poll- Bill; and made some Progress therein: And humbly moved, That the House Would resolve into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow at Ten of the Clock, to proceed therein.

j Resolved, That the House will resolve into a Com-: fnittee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, to proceed upon the Poll- Bill, for his Majesty's Supply.

Ordered, That the Committee, to which the Bill for Sale of Goring-House is committed, be revived and do

fit on Thursday, Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in

the Place formerly appointed: And Sir ‘Thomas Meres and Mr. Whorwood are added to the said Committee.

Die Martis, 27 Novernb, 18 Car. Ildl.

Prayers.

Asper Kaus did this Day take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy before the Speaker, at the Clerk's Table, in order to his Naturalization.

Colonel Kirkby reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for enabling Henry Kendall to fell Lands was committed, That the Committee had perused the Bill, and found no Cause to make any Alteration or Amendment thereto; but had agreed on a Proviso to be added, and made Part of the JJill: Which being twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed;

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Proviso agreed to, be ingrafted.

Sir Francis Goodrich reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for setting aside a pretended Will, and settling the Estate, of John Bodvile Esquire, deceased, was committed, some Amendments, agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill , and a new Preamble, agreed to be inserted, instead of the former.

And the Amendments being twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed; the Preamble, agreed by the

Committee to be admitted, was read: And the Preamble, to be inserted instead of the former, was twice read.

The Question being put, To agree with the Committee in inserting the new, and omitting the former Preamble;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put, That the Bill, with the Amendments, and the Preamble, agreed to, be ingrossed;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, See. That the Bill, being ingrossed, be read in a full House on this Day Sevennight.

The Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill against importing Cattle from Ireland, and other Parts beyond the Seas, and Fish taken by Foreigners, were read.

The First Amendment was read the Second time j and, ' upon the Question, agreed.

The Second Amendment was read the Second time.

The Question being put. To agree with the Lords in the Second Amendment , viz. to insert " Detriment and Mischief, " instead of " Nuisance

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Tellers,

Mr. Crouch, 7 w v

Mr. Rigby, j With the Yeas, 70.

"fr 1

And so it pasted in the Negative.

The Third Amendment was read the Second time.

The Question being put. To agree with the Lords in this Amendment for leaving out the Proviso for

It was resolved in . Affirmative.

The Provisoes, sent from the Lords, to be added to the Bill, were read the Second time > and debated.

The Question being put, That the Twenty thousand Head of Cattle be imported alive;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Some other Debate arising about the Times by which the Cattle shall be imported, and the Ports at which they shall be brought in, and some other Matters;

Resolved, &c. That the Proviso be committed to the some Committee to which the Bill was heretofore committed: And that the Committee be revived; and do fit on Thursday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Place formerly appointed: And all the Members of the House who shall come are to have Voices.

Another Clause was tendered to be added to the Proviso; which was twice read.

Resolved, &c. That the said Clause be referred to the same Committee, to take the same into Consideration.

Die Mercurii, 38° Noveinbr'i$y 180 Car. ll41.

Prayers.

fXRdered, That the Committee appointed to inquire into the Causes of the late Fire be revived; and do fit Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And that Mr. Pepis, Mr. Marvell, and Mr. Onslow, be added to the Committee.

A Bill for settling the Level of the Fens, called Lyndfey Level, was tendered, and received.

Ordered, That the Bill for settling Lindsey Level be read on this Day Sevennight, if the publick Business will permit.

A Petition of fames Northfolke Esquire, Serjeant at Arms attending this House, was read.

Ordered, That the Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine die Matter; and to report it to the House: And that all further Proceedings at Law, upon the Verdict obtained by John Sym-ball against Mr. Northfolke, be flayed.

Ordered, That the Committee of Grievances have Leave to fit on Friday in the Afternoon.

A

A Petition of Anthony deLetire was read.

Ordered, That the Petition of Anthony de Leure be referred to the Committee appointed for preventing the Insolency of Papists; to examine the Matter; and report it, with their Opinions, to the House.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Poll- Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Isham and

Sir Moundeford Brampfion;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a present Conference ‘with this House, upon the Message of this House of the Ninth of A ovemberin ft ant, touching Accompts.

The Messengers being called in-, Mr. Speaker acquaints them, That the House had agreed to a present Conference.

Resolved, &c. That Mr. Sollicitor, Sir Solon.

Mr Seymour, Lord Allington, Colonel , Sir Thomas

Littleton, Sir Thomas Meeres, Sir job , Mr.

raway, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Robert Sir John

Holland, do attend the Conference.

Mr. Sollicitor reports from the Conference, That they had attended the Lords: And that the Lord did manage the Conference: And that the Matter thereof, being reduced into Writing, was read at the Conference; and afterwards delivered to him: Which he read in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk'sTable: Which, being the re also read, is as followeth:

This Conference is desired, to continue that good Correspondence between the Houses that hath been since the Beginning of this Sessions.

That, as to the Matter of their Desire, expressed in a Message of the Ninth of this Month, concerning the Examination of Accompts, upon Oath, the Lords are willing and ready to agree with them: But, as to the Man-tier proposed unto them, they do not find it warranted by the Course of Parliament, That any Committee of Lords and Commons, upon any Occasion, have had Power given to examine upon Oath.

Resolved, &c. That the Matter of the Conference now had with the Lords, upon the Message of this House, touching Accompts, be taken into Consideration on Saturday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

The House resolved into a Committee of the whole ..... concerning the Poll- Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steward took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steward reports. That the Committee of the whole House had made feme further Progress in the Consideration of the Poll- Bill: And humbly moved, That the House would resolve into a Committee of the whole House Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock, to pro- ceed in the further Consideration of the Poll- Bill.

Resolved, &c. That the House be resolved into a Committee of the whole House Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Poll- Bill, for his Majesty's Supply.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Jovis, z of Novembr, 18° . IIdl.

Prayers.

ABIL L for granting a Lease, for Three Lives, to Humphry Wharton Esquire, of certain Lead-Mines belonging to the Bishop of Duwas read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Mr. John How, Sir Solom. Swale, Sir Thomas Mr. , Sir Robert Holt, Sir John Mr. Mr.

Grouchy Sir Geo. Downing, Colonel Reames, Sir Geo. Pro-

bert, Mr. Coleman,-Sir Jonathan Sir

grew, Sir John V/arr, Sir John Mr. , Sif Wm. Lowther, Doctor Burrell, Mr. , Lord An-

cram, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Sir John Sir

Allen, Sir John Goodrich, Sir Robert , Mr.

Colonel Birch, Colonel Windham, Colonel GTtby, Sir Tho-

mas Higgous, Sir John Talbott, Lord Saint John, Sir John Moreton, Mr. Morice, Lord , Mr. , Mr.

Hungerford, Sir John NewtonMr. Sir

Fran. Goodrick, Sir Walter Strickland, Sir

kyns. Colonel Phillips, Mr. Arthur , Sir Richard

Braham, Sir Richard Ford, Sir Anthony Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Pcircy Goring, Mr. Mr. Conyers Darcy,

Colonel Darcy, Colonel Kirkby, and all the Members that serve for the County of York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Committee of the whole House be impowered to insert the Rates on the Clergy in the Poll- Bill, according to the Votes of the House.

Serjeant Charlton reports from the Committee of Elections touching the Town of Plympton, between Sir Edmund Fortescue and Sir Nicohas Slaning, That the Petition on the Behalf of Sir Nicolas S was withdrawn:

And that the Committee were of Opinion to diimils the Cause as to the Pretence of Sir Nicolas Slaning and that Sir Edmund Fortescue was duly elected.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, That Sir Edmund Fortescue was duly elected for the Town of Plympton; and ought to fit.

Ordered, That John Kelond Esquire, High-Sheriff for the County of Devon, be discharged from the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, paying his Fees.

Ordered, That Edward Hay Under-Sheriff for the County of Devon, be discharged from the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, paying his Fees.

Ordered, That Nicolas Horfm, Mayor for the Town of Plympton, be discharged from the Custody of the Ser-

jeant at Arms, paying his Fees.

Ordered, That Mr. CullifordSir Thomas,

and Sir John Vaughan, be added to the Committee for the Bill touching Goring-House.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Poll- Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steward took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair*

Mr. Steward reports. That the Committee of the whole House had made some further Progress in the Poll- Bill: And humbly moved. That the House would resolve into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock, to proceed to the Dispatch thereof.

Resolved, &c. That the House do fit Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, &c. That no Business be taken in hand, till the Poll- Bill, and the Bill concerning Foreign Cattle, be dispatched.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die V zneris, 30° Novemb, 1.8° Car. H*1*.

Prayers.

r\Rdered, That Mr. Samuel Pickering, William Waring the elder, and William Waring the younger, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, for arresting and imprisoning Thomas Harnsion, Bailiff to Mr. Pierpohit, a Member of this House, contrary to the Privilege of Parliament: And that the said Thomas Harnsion be discharged of his Imprisonment.

The

The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Poll- Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steward took the Chair of the Chmthittee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steward reports, That the Committee of the whole House had made some further Progress in the Poll- Bill: And humbly moved, That the House would resolve into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock, to proceed to the Dispatch thereof.

Resolved, See. That the House be resolved into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Poll- Bill for his Majesty's Supply.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Sabbaii, i° Decem, 18° Car. IT1.

Prayers.

fjRdered, That Mr. Stanhope have she Leave of the House to go into the Country.

A Bill for efefting a Judicature to determine Causes between Landlord and Tenant, touching Houses burnt down by the late Fire, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time on

iTuefdaynext.

Ordered, That such Members as made Default in attending be Called over on Friday next.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Poll- Bill,-for his Majesty's Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steward took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steward reports. That the Committee had made some further Progress in the Poll- Bill: And humbly moved. That the House would meet this Afternoon} and resolve into a Committee again; and proceed upon the said Bill: And that the House would appoint a Committee to meet in the Interim, to consider of the Clause in the Poll- Bill, Pot. 13. for ascertaining and determining the Rates, and the Appeals and Alterations thereupon; and for Return of Duplicates, and Payment in of the Monies into the Exchequer, by Times limited , and to prepare and fit the same upon the Debate at the Committee , and also to prepare a Clause to be added to the Bill, for making the Monies, payable upon this Act, a present Credit to his Majesty, in the same Manner and Form according to That in the Act of Assessment made at Oxford.

Resolved, &c. That the House do fit this Afternoon; and will resolve into a Committee upon the Poll- Bill.

Resolved, &c. That it be referred to Mr. Sir

Thom. Littleton, Mr. Garraway, Sir Thom. , Sir Them. Lee, Sir Anthony Irby, Sir Wm. Mr. Cole-

man, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Phil. Warwicke, Sir Edm. Wallpoolt, Sir Geo. Downing, Colonel Strangwaies, or any Three of them, to consider of the Clause in the Poll- Bill, Fol. 13. for ascertaining and determining the Rates, and the Appeals and Alterations thereupon} and for Return of Duplicates, and Payment in of the Monies into the Exchequer, by Times limited; and to prepare and fit the same upon the Debate'had at the Committee of the whole House: And the said Committee are further impowered to prepare and bring in a Clause, to be made Part of the Bill, for making the Monies, payable upon this Bill, a present Credit to his Majesty, in the same Manner and Form according to That in the Act of Assessment made at Oxford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Lord Ancram, Sir Fran. Leake, Sir Gilbert Ireland, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Sir John Sir

John Heath, Mr. John Robinson, be added to indigent Officers Committee.

The ..... adjourned till Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Pojt Meridiem.

A Bill for the Burying of Persons in Woolen only being tendered;

Resolved, See. That the said Bill be now read.

Which was accordingly read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Committee to which the Proviso from the Lords to the Bill concerning Foreign Cattle is committed, be revived; and do fit on Monday Morning, Seven of the Clock, in the Place formerly appointed.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole House upon the Poll- Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steward took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steward reports, That the Committee of the whole House had made some further Progress in the Poll- Bill: And humbly moved, That the House would resolve into a Committee of the whole House on Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock, to proceed in the Dispatch thereof.

Resolved, See. That the House be resolved into a Committee of the whole House on Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Poll- Bill for his Majesty's Supply.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Lunce, $ Decembris, 18 Car. Ildi.

Prayers.

SIR Francis Goodrich reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for granting a Lease for Three Lives of the Lord Bishop of Durefne's Lead-Mines to Humphry Wharton Esquire was committed, That the Committee had made an Amendment to the Bill. Which Amendment being twice read; and agreed }

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with . Amendment, be ingrafted.

A Bill for providing Utensils for the (peedy Quenching of Fire was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pryn, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Wm. Coventry, Sir Edw. Masters, Colonel Reames, Sir John Goodrick, Lord Ancram, Sir Anthony Irby, Mr. Hungerford, Colonel Sir Thom.

Clerges, Sir John Moreton, Colonel Windham, Sir Hen. Bellafis, Sir Richard Browne, Sir John Talbott, Sir Solom. Swale, Mr. Pepis, Sir John , Sir Thom. Bloud-

worth. Sir Jonathan Trelawney, Mr. Crouch: And all the Members of this House that shall come are to have Voices: And they are to meet on Thursday next, in the Exchequer-Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Motion being made on the Behalf of the Lord Saint John, for the House to intercede for him with his Majesty, to pardon his Offence in striking Sir Andrew Henley in Westminster Hall, when the Courts were fitting;

Which the House resented as a very high Crime: But the Lord Saint John (landing up in his Place, and acknowledging his Offence} and that he did it in Passion, and by Mistake, not knowing the Penalty of the Law'} and craved the Pardon of the House; desiring their Mediation,-

diction, also, upon his Submission, and Petition to his Majesty, for his gracious Pardon under die Great Seal of England:

And the House confulering the Loyalty, Merit, and Suffering, of his Person and Family; upon Debate of the Matter,

Resolved, See. Nemine contradicen, That the Lord Saint

John, having acknowledged his Offence, and begged the Pardon of this House for striking Sir Andrew Henley in Westminster Hall; this House will intercede for him; and make it their humble Request to his Majesty, to pardon his Offence , and remit die Penalty.

Resolved, Sec. That the Lord Saint John do, Tomorrow Morning, bring in his Petition to this House, to be presented to his Majesty, for his gracious Pardon under the Great Seal of England: Which being allowed by the House, Mr. Speaker, with the House, will attend his Majesty, at such Time and Place as he shall please to appoint# to intercede and beg Pardon of him for the Offence committed by the Lord Saint John.

revived; and do meet Tomorrow at Twb of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Place formerly appointed.

The Question being put, That all Commktces, except the Committee concerning the Poll- Bill, be adjourned till Tomorrow, Two of the Clock in the Afternoon;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went cut.

Tellers,

Mr. Brunkar,

Sir Jonathan Trelawny,

Colonel Strangwaies, ? r l v

Sir Rob,r, Hil, JFof theMocs, So.

And so it palfed in the Negative.

Resolved, Sec. That the Committee to which Mr. Leigh's

Bill is committed be revived; and do fit Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Place formerly appointed: And Mr. Buller and Mr. Murice is added to the said Committee.

With the Yeas, 43.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Poll- Bill for his Majesty's Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steward took the Char of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steward reports, That the Committee had made a great Progress in the Poll- Bill: And, in order to the Per-fefting thereof, humbly moved. That the House would refer it to the Committee formerly appointed to consider of some Clauses in the Bill, to bring in a Clause, that may cohere with the Bill, for the Commissioners nominating and appointing a head Collector, a sufficient and responsible Person: And that it be referred to the Commissioners to take such Security from the head Collector, as they shall think fit: And that some Provision be made to restrain the respective Collectors and Receivers to pay in the Money in a short time after the Receipt thereof: And that every Person# upon the Receipt of any Money, give notice of such his Receipt to the Person to whom he is to pay it: And that they also bring in a Clause to imprison, where there is no Distress to be had: And that the House would resolve into a Committee again To-mcirrow Motning, to proceed to the Finifiling of the said Bill.

Resolveedy &c. That the House will resolve into a Committee of the whole House Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock, to proceed in the Perfecting of the Poll- Bill.

Resolved, See. That it be referred to the Committee formerly appointed to consider of some Clauses in the Poll- Bill, to bring in a Clause, that may cohere with the Bill, for the Commissioners nominating and appointing a head Collector, a sufficient and responsible Person: And that it be referred to the Commissioners to take such Security from the head Collector, as they shall think fit: And that some Provision be made to restrain the respective Collectors and Receivers to pay in the Money in a short time after their Receipt thereof: And that every Person, upon the Receipt of any Money, give notice of such his Receipt to the Person to whom he is to pay it: And that they also bring in a Clause to imprison, where there is no Distress to be had: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir Thomas Clifford informs the House, That his Majesty

had been graciously pleased to command the Lord of Bath to deliver him the Letter from the Lord Drummond in

Scotland, concerning the Routing and Dispersing of the Rebels there; to be communicated to the House: Which he read.

Resolved, See. That the humble and hearty Thanks of this House be returned to his Majesty for his great Favour, in imparting to this House the good News out of Scotland: And that the Members of this House of his Majesty's Privy-Council do return the Thanks of this House to his Majesty, accordingly.

Ordered, That the Committee concerning Printing be

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

DieMart is, \ Decentbri 18 Iid

Prayers.

f\Rdered, That the Committee to inquire into the Causes of the late Fire, and all other Committees which were discontinued, be revived; and do fit this Afternoon at Two of the Clock.

Ordered, That Mr. Grevile have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

A Bill for regulating the Making of Brick and Tile was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed to Sir John Frederick, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Thom. Allen, Mr. John Jones, Sir JVm. Thompfcn, Sir JV Lowther, Sir Richard Ford, Sir Richard Browne, Mr. Pryn, Sir John Talbott,

Sir JVm. Doyley, Sir Thomas Meeres, Lord Fanfhaw, Mr. Crouch, Sir Charles Harbord, Mr. , Sir John

Denham, Doctor Quarterman, Sir Doyley, Sir Richard Ford, Sir Edm. Pearfe, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Serjeant Mai-nard. Sir Robert Carr, Sir Robert , Sir Anthony Irby, Mr. Jolly, Colonel Reames, Mr. Hungerford, Sir Thom. Lee, Mr. Pepis, Sir GeDowning, Mr. Morice, Sir Charles Cotterell, Sir Thomas Bloudworth, Sir Hen. Fran. Lea, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir John Talbott, Sir JVm.Fleetwood, Sir Solom. Swale, Sir Thom. Tompkyns: And all the Members that shall come are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer-Chamber: And to fend for Bricklayers and Tilemakers, and such Persons, Papers, and Records, as they shall find necessary.

Ordered, That Sir George Probert have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

A Petition of the Lord Saint , to be presented to his Majesty, was, in pursuance of the Vote of this House, tendered; and twice read; and approved by the House.

Ordered, That the Members of this House, which are of his Majesty's Privy-Council, do attend his Majesty, to know his Pleasure, When Mr. Speaker and the House shall attend him with the Petition of the Lord Saint John.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Poll- Bill for his Majesty's Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steward took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steward reports. That the Committee had made some further Progress in the Poll- Bill.

Resolved, See. That the House do, from henceforth, meet every Morning at Nine of the Clock, and fit till 8 D Twelve;

<5^8

Journals' of the House of Commons. A. 1666.

Twelve; and do meet again every Afternoon at Two of the Clock; and do rife punctually at Six of the Clock at Night; and proceed in Diljpatch of the Foil- Bill, the Bill concerning Irish Cattle, and other publick Business.

Ordered That the Bill for Eleven Months Assessment be brought in Tomorrow Morning: And Mr. Sollicit-or-General is to bring in the Bill.

The Question being put. That the House do fit this Afternoon;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Tellers,

Lord Ancram,7 rr .1 v

Colonel Trelawny,3 or ie eas*

Sir ‘Thorn. Lee, 7 r> , XT

Mr. Hamid,n, j For the Noes, 37.

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The House then adjourned till Three of the Clock irf . the Afternoon.

PojiMeridiem.

FjRdered, That Henry Thurscr, and Son

of the Lord Fanshaw, and Jasper Kalis, be inferred into the Bill of Naturalization.

The Question being put, To agree to the Proviso, sent from the Lords;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Tellers,

Sir Robert Carr. 7 .1 c

Mr. Swynfen. \ FortheYeas' 6l'

Sir Join Dm,ml, ? FortheN S6.

Mr. Seymour, $ '

It passed in the Negative.

The House then adjourned till Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Poji Meridiem.

THE House, being met, went in a Body to attend his Majesty at Whit eh ally with the Petition of the Lord Saint John.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker acquaints the House, That he bad delivered to his Majesty the said Petition of the Lord Saint John: And thereupon his Majesty was most graciously pleased to declare, That he would examine the Matter; and would do therein, according to Justice and Reason.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Poll- Bill, for his Majesty's Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steward took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steward reports. That the Committee of the whole House had gone through the Poll- Bill; and perfected the fame, with several Amendments, Additions, and Provisoes: And humbly moved. That the same might be reported to the House Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That the Report of the Poll- Bill be made Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Mercurii,50 Decem, 18 Car. Ild*.

Prayers.

MR. Secretary Morice acquaints the House, That he had attended his Majesty, to know his Pleasure, When he would be attended with the Petition and Address on the Behalf of the Lord Saint John: And that his Majesty had appointed the House to attend him this Afternoon at Three oi the Clock, at Whitehall.

Ordered, That *, Servant to one Morice an Hackney-Coachman, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, or his Deputy; for his Affront and Abuse offered to Doctor Biirwell, Mr. Rigby, and Mr. Chowne, Three

Members of this House; and for uttering reproachful Words, tending to the Dishonour of this House; and in Breach of the Privilege of Parliament.

Ordered, That the Bill touching Lyndfey Level be read the fivft Bill after his Majesty's Business is dispatched.

Mr. Seymour reports, from the Committee to which the Provi so, sent from the Lords, touching Twenty thousand Head of Cattle to be given by , for Relief of the

Poor of London, was committed, some Amendments to be made to the Provi lo: W hich he read; and delivered in at the Clerk's Table: And the same was twice read; and debated.

The Question being put, Tc agree to the Amendment; Irpafied in the Negative.

Die yovisy 6° Decembris^ 18 Car. IIdi.

Prayers.

QRdered, That Sir George Faunt have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Tompkins and Mr. Rigby have the Leave of this House to go into the Country, after Sunday next.

Ordered, That all Committees which are discontinued, be revived; and do fit this Afternoon.

Mr. Steward reports, from the Committee of the whole House, several Amendments agreed to be made, and Clauses and Provisoes to be added, to the Poll- Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

And most of the Amendments, Clauses, and Provisoes, with other Provisoes tendered and received in the House, were twice read; and, with some Alterations, upon the Question, agreed, and made thereto at the Table, were* upon the Question, severally agreed to.

A Debate being upon the Amendment for assessing the Rate where Families reside at the Time of Execution of the Act;

Resolved, &c. That it be referred to Sir Wm. Lcwthery Sir Anth. Irby, Sir John Lowther, Mr. Rigby, Sir Fran. Goodricky Sir Them. Osborne, Sir Them. Mr.

Steward, Colonel Birch, Sir Phil Sir Coventry, Sir Edm. Wallpoole, or any Three of them, to bring

in the Clause amended, upon the Debate of the House.

Resolved, &c. That the Words " Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed," be inferred, and the Words " within the Kingdom " omitted, in the several Places of the Bill where it is necessary: And that it be referred to the same Committee, or any Three of them, ta fee it done; and to examine the Bill, with the Amendments; and to fee, that the same do cohere; and that it be rightly ingossed.

Resolved, &c. That the further Debate of the Mattel-on the Poll- Bill be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

2 Die

Die Vi enertSy70 Decem, 18° Car. 11".

Prayers.

fXRdered, That Mr. Crouch be desired to give Notice to the Ministers appointed to officiate on Sunday next, That the House intends to receive the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper on that Day in St. according to former Order.

A-Petition of Hugh Owen Esquire was read.

Ordered, That the Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter; and report it, with their Opinions, to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Writ, for Electing of a Knight of the Shire for the County of , in the room of Sir Hugh Pollard, deceased.

A Bill for erecting a Judicature for the Determining of Caules between Landlord and Tenant, touching Houses burnt down in the late calamitous Fire, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to the Committee to which a former Bill for Staying of Suits between Landlord and Tenant, touching Houses burnt down by the late Fire, was committed; which is revived: And that all the Members which shall come are to have Voices: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer-Chamber; And to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Richard Everard reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for Payment of Debts, and making Provision for the Wife and Children of Henry Mildmay Esquire, by Sale of Lands, was committed, some Amendments, agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill: Which were twice read by the Clerk; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed, be ingrossed.

A Bill for railing Part of One Million Eight hundred thousand Pounds Supply for his Majesty, by Eleven Months Assessment in Polt-Charge, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read the Second time on Monday next.

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Tellers,

} F°'<!kNom, 83.

And so it was relblved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Words " Privileges," and r.Qt " privileged Places," be inferred into the Bill, into the several Places where it is necessary.

Ordered, That the Knights of the Shires for the several Counties do look over the Names of the Commissioners appointed in the Act for the Royal Aid: And, if they find Occasion, to bring in a Note of additional Names of Commissioners to be added in the Poll- Bill.

The Question being put. That Leave be given for lpeaking again It the Orders made to receive the Sacrament on Sunday next;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Tellers,

Sir ‘Thomas Lee,

Mr. How,

Sir Thom. Dolman,

Sir Thom. Meeres,

54-

98.

For the Yeas,

For the Noes,

And so it passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, That the House be adjourned till Monday Morning;

The House was divided.

Tellers,

Mr. John Mallet, ? For the Yeas 102

Sir Robert Holt, \ forme leas, 102.

Mr. Michael Mallet, > f 1 xT

Mr. William Herbert.} th= Noes, 47-

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning,

Eight of the Clock.

Die Dunce, 10° Decembris, iS° Car. 11".

Prayers.

f\Rdered, That Mr. Rafhleigh have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

Ordered, That Mr. George Howard have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for letting aside a pretended Will, and settling the Estate, of John Bodvile Esquire, deceased, be read on Monday next.

Mr. Steward reports from the Committee to which the Matter was referred, upon the Amendment to the Poll- Bill, for assessing the Rate where Families reside at the Time of the Execution of the Act, That the Committee had agreed a Clause, in pursuance of the Debate of the House: Which he read, with the Coherence; and delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table. And the same being twice read; and some Alterations, upon the Que-ftion, agreed, and made Part thereto;

Resolved, &c. That the Clauses so altered be agreed to; and made Part of the Bill.

A Provilb, tendered, for taking away all Fees, Salaries, and Rewards, from the Treasurer of the Navy, and Officers of Exchequer, for Monies paid by Anticipation, was twice read.

The Question being put. That this Proviso be added, and made Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

An additional enacting Clause for taking an Accompt, upon Oath, of the publick Monies, was tendered; and twice read.

The Question being put. That the Provilb be committed to the Committee of the whole House;

Sir Allen Broadrick delivers into the Clerk the Notes of the Names of such Members as received the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper at St. Margaret's, Westmiv.fier.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be returned to Doctor Outrim and Mr. Wotton, for the Sermons by them preached Yesterday, before this House, in St. Margaret's Church, Westminster: And Mr. Crouch is to return

the Thanks of the House to Doctor Outrim.

An ingrossed Bill for settling the Ellate of John Bodvell Esquire, deceased, was read.

Resolved, &c. That December be inserted, instead of September, in the Bill for settling the Ellate of John Bodvell Esquire, deceased.

Which was done.

Resolved, &c. That the Words " and wicked" be struck out of the Bill.

Which was done.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for settling the Ellate of Esquire, deceased: And that Sir Jonathan Trelawny do carry up the Bill to the Lords.

The Bill for raising Part of the One Million Eight hundred thousand Pounds Supply for his Majesty, by Eleven, Months Assessment ip Poll-Charge, was read the Second time.

uoome

660 Journals of the House of Commons. A. i

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, Sec. That it be referred to Mr. Sollicitor, Sir Robert Howard, Colonel StranSir Thom. Littleton, Sir Fran. Goodrich, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Thom. Meres, Mr. Garraway, Sir Geo. Downing, Serjeant Charlton, Sir Richard Temple, Sir Richard Ford, to prepare and draw up Reasons for a Conference with the Lords, for this House adhering and disagreeing as to the Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill concerning Foreign Cattle.

Ordered, That the Report concerning die Election of Winchelsea be made on Friday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Report of Sir Thomas Higgons* Bill be made on Saturday Morning next.

Resolved, Sec. That a Committee be appointed to consider of the Heads of the Poll- Bill , and thereupon prepare and bring in an Estimate of what may be thereby raised towards his Majesty's Supply; viz. Mr.

Mr. Garraway, Sir Wm. Low Sir Charles Harbord. Colonel Strangwaies, Sir John Lowther, Colonel Birch, Sir Edm. Wallpoole, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Fran. Good-

rick, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Job Charlton, Sir Phil. Warwick, Mr. Jolly, Mr. Jones, Sir Robert Howard, Mr. Spry -, or any Five of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House adjourned till Three of the Clock this Afternoon.

PoJ) Meridiem.

A BILL for burying Persons in Woolen only was read the Second time.

Refolded, See. That the Bill be committed to Mr. , Sir Thom. Higgons, Mr. Pepis, Mr. Comptroller, Sir

Littleton, Sir Edm. Bowyer, Colonel Sandys, Sir Richard Temple, Mr. Garraway, Sir Edw. Masters, Sir Richard Oateley, Sir Solom. Swale, Sir Geo. Downing, Sir Thom. Lee, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir John Knight, Mr. Pleydall,

Mr. Morice, Sir Jonathan Trelawney, Sir Thom. Allen, Sir Thom. Gower, Mr. Progers, Sir Shaw, Doctor Bur-well: And that this Committee be joined to the Committee formerly appointed for improving the English Manufactures , which is hereby revived: And that the Committee do fit Tomorrow at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And it is recommended to Sir George Downing to take care of the Bill.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed on the Proviso for taking the Accompt of the publick Monies on Oath.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steward took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steward reports, That the Committee of the whole House had gone through the Proviso concerning the 'l'akir.g of Accompts of Monies for carrying on the vY ar v and made l'everal Amendments thereunto: And, as to some Blanks in the Proviso, it was the Opinion of the Committee, That the House be humbly, moved to fill them up.

Refched, &c. That Mr. Steward do make his Report, as to the said Proviso, Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

j Die Mart is,i i° Decembris, 18° Car. 11"*.

Prayers. f)Rdered, That Mr. Samuel Pickering, William the elder, and William Wareing the younger, be discharged from their Commitment to the Serjeant at Arms, paying their Fees; which Mr. Speaker is desired to moderate.

An Information being given. That one Ralph -feild. Servant to Mr. Prcgers, a Member of this House, was lately arrested upon a Bill of Middlesex, at the Suit of Anne Wells Widow; and is detained in Custody at the House of one Browne, a Bailiff in Holbsrne, contrary to the Privilege of Parliament;

Ordered, That it be referred to Mr. Speaker to examine the Matter: And, if he find, that the said Whitfeild was arrested contrary to the Privilege of Parliament, that then he do give Order for his Discharge.

Sir Francis Gocdrick reports, from the Committee to Which the Bill for continuing a former Act for Prevention of Theft and Rapine on the Northern Borders was committed, Some Amendments, agreed by the Committee: Which he read , and after delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table. And the Amendments were twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with Amendments agreed to, be ingrafted.

Colonel Kirkby reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for enlarging a former Act touching Replevins to Causes depending in Wales was committed, some Amendments, agreed by the Committee: Which he read; and after delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table. And the Amendments were twice read and, upon the Question, agreed.,

Resolved, &e. That the Bill, with . Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Grievances, upon the Petition of Mr. Tayleur, be heard on Saturday next.

Mr. Steward reports, from the Committee of the whole House, some Amendments, agreed by the Committee to be made to the Proviso for taking an Accompt of the publick Monies, upon Oath: Which he read, with the Coherence; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

And the Amendments, to the 14 Line of the First Folio, to the 27 Line of the Second Folio, and the 37 Line of the same Folio, were twice read , and, upon the Question, agreed.

The Amendment of the 31 Line of the same Folio being twice read, and debated;

Resolved, &c. That these Words be inserted *,

" both Houses of Parliament, to the end his Majesty may receive a just Account how the said Monies have been disbursed for his Majesty's Service."

Which was done.

The Committee having referred it to the House to fill up the Blank in the Proviso for Commissioners Names;

The Question being put, That the Commissioners be named by the House;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, See. That the Number of Commissioners shall be Twenty-four, and a Quorum Five.

Resolved, &c. That the Commissioners be named in the House; and, on the Question, be allowed by the House.

The Question being propounded, Whether such Members as were against the Proviso be excused from being Commissioners,

The Question being put, That this Question be now put *,

The House was divided.

The Noes went out.

Tellers,

FortheNdes, lio.

Tellers,

Sir Robert Holt,

Sir Henry Newton,

Mr.Sw, 1 For the Yeas,' 83.

And so it passed in the Negative.

Sir JVm. Lowther and Sir Thotnas Metes were nattied by the House $ and, on the Question, allowed.

Sir Robert Howard, John Pleydall Esquire; Sir Wallpoole, was named; and, upon the Question, excused.

Sir Walter Saint John, W Esquire, Sir Thom. Osborne, Sir Charles IlarbSir Humphry Wynch, Gyles St rang wales Esquire, Sir Thom. Littleton, Wm. Pryn Esquire, Sir Wm. Coventry, one Of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council, Sir Wm. Sir Richard

Temple, Sir Thomas Gower, Sir Thomas Clifford, Comptroller of his Majesty's Houshold, Sir Thomas Lee, Colonel Sam. Sandys, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Thomas Clerges, Mr. Edw. Bufcawen, Sir John Lowther, and Mr. John Jones', were named; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Question being put. That the Blank be filled iij> with the Names of the said several Persons;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment being, upon the Question, agreed, arid made to the Proviso, at the Table;

Resolved, See. That the Proviso concerning the Taking of Accompts of publick Monies, tendered to be made Part of the Poll- Bill, shall be converted into a distinct Bill of itself.

Resolved, &c. That the Words ic provided always that," in the Beginning of the Proviso, be left out.

The same being altered and converted into a Bill, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Sir Thom. Littleton, Mr. Garraway, Sir John Goodrick, Sir Robert Howard, Sir Anthony Irby, Colonel Mr. Crouch, Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Swynfen, Colonel Phillips, Mr. Comptroller, Sir Edw. Wallpoole, Sir Thom. Meres, Mr. Seymour, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Solom. Swale, Mf. Pryn, Sir Thom. Osborne, Sir Wm. Coventry, Sir Thom. Dolman, Sir John T; Mr. Bufcawen, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Edm. Peirce, Mr. Thomas, Sir Richard Franklyn, Sir Cafell Lacking Mr. Pleydall, Sir Hen. Cafar: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power W fend for Persons, Papers, arid Records: And they are to consider of some Provisions for Clerks, Messengert, and other Officers, in order to the Service; and report the fame, with the Bill, to the House, Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That all Committees that were to fit this Afternoon, be adjourned till Tomorrow, Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill for erecting a Judicature for Determining of Causes between Landlord and Tenant, whose Houses were burnt down in the late calamitous Fire, be revived; and do fit Tomorrow in the Afternoon at Two of the Clock, and in the Place formerly appointed; and so de die in;

Resolved, See. That the Members of this House, that

gave Evidence in the Cause concerning Mr. Robarts, have Leave to give Evidence in the said Caule before the House: of Lords.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Mercuriiy 12° Decembr. 18° Car. II41. Prayers.*

A Petition of William and Thomas Davies was read.

Resolved, &c. That the Petition be referred to the same Committee to which the Bill for Sale of Goring-

House was committed; to examine the Matter of the Petition; and report it, with their Opinions, to the House:

An ingrossed Bill, for enabling a Sale of Lands for Payment of the Lord StrangfortTs Debts, was read.

Resolved', &e. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An additional Act for enabling a Sale of Lands to pay the Lord Strangford's Debts: And Mr. Hardei is to carry up the Bill to the Lords.

Mr; Seymour reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for taking the Accompts of publick Monies was committed, some Amendments, agreed by the Committee, to be made to the Bili: Which he read; with the Coherence , and delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Which, being twice read, were, with some Alterations, upon the Question, agreed to.

Resolved, See. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to* be ingrossed;

The House then resumed the further Cohsideration of the Poll- Bill,

And the several Lists of the Names of additional Commissioners were twice read; and agreed to.

A Proviso, touchingOne Peny in the Pound only be allowed for Receipts and Disbursements of publick Monies, was twice read.

Resolved, &;c. That the Proviso be agreed to; and made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill; with the several Amendments and Additions agreed to, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir and

Sir Moundeford Erdmpfton;

Mr. Speaker, The House of Peers have considered of . your Votes, complaining of the Patent granted to the Canary Company; which being not delivered at a Con* ference, with. Jour Reasons, nor in the usual Manner of Complaints in Parliament, their Lordships have proceeded no further therein.

Ordered That Mr. Serjeant Mainard, Mr.

Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Thomas Meres, Mr. Pryn, and Mr. Mallet, or any Two of them, be appointed to examine the Poll- Bill, with the Amendments; and to fee, that it do cohere, and be rightly ingrossed.

Resolved, Stc. That the Committee to which the Chn-sideration of the Patent of the Canary Company was edm- ' mitted, be revived; and do fit this Afternoon at Three of the Clock; and do prepare and draw up Reasons, to be giveh at a Conference with the Lords, upon the Matter concerning the Canary Company.

Sir Robert Howard reports, from the Committee appointed to prepare Reasons to be given at a Conference with the Lords, upon the Amendments sent down from the Lords to the Bill touching Irish Cattle, several Reasons, agreed by the Committee: Which he opened; and read in his Plate.

And the same being; upon the Question, allowed by the House;

Resolved, See. That a Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Amendments sent down from them to the Bill concerning Irish Cattle: Arid Sir Robert Carr is to desire the Conference.

Mr. Spry reports from the Committee to which it was referred to bring in an Estimate, What the Impofipon on sealed Paper and Parchment might amount to, and to prepare and bring in a Bill for assessing and collecting that Duty, That the Committee had agreed an Estimate; and prepared a Bill, according to the Direction and Order of the House: Which Estimate he read in his Place; and opened the Bill; and after, delivered both in at the Clerk's Table.

The Question being put, That the Estimate reported from the Committee be now read;

The House was divided.

8E The

The Yeas went our.

Tellers,

Sir Edm. Pooley, 1 - ,v

Si, Job, TMitt, i For the Yeas, 58.

Sir Thomas Littleton, 7 r , x,

Ur.Seymur, f For the Noes. 50.

And lb it was relblved in the Affirmative.

And the Estimate was read.

The Question being pur. That the Bill for failing Rift -of the One million Eight hundred thousand Pounds Supply for his Majesty, by an Imposition on sealed Paper and Parchment, be now read;

It was refoived in the Affirmative.

And the Bill was read.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time oil Friday next.

DieJovis, 130 Decem 18° Car. IId‘.

Prayers.

f\Rdered, That Sir Wm. Doyley, Sir Humphry , Sir Richard Francklyn, Mr. Sir Antbo.

Mr. Owen, Mr. Swynfen, Sir Thom. , Mr.

Mr. Langherne, Mr. Packer, be added to the Committee

of Naturalization.

Poji Meridiem.

AN ingrossed Bill for railing Part of One million Eight hundred thousand Pounds Supply for his Majesty by a Poll was read.

And several Amendments, upon the Question, agreed, and made Part thereof, at the Table;

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that $he Title shall be, An Act for raising Monies by a Poll, and otherwise, towards the Maintenance of the present War.

Die Veneris^ 140 Decembr. r8° Car. If1.

Prayers.

/"i Ornelius deGuelder did this Day take lhe Oaths of Alle- gjance and Supremacy, before Mr. Speaker, at the Clerk's Table, in order to his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Cornelius de Guelder be inferred into the Bill of Naturalization.

A Bill for Sale of an House at for Payment

of the Debts of Edm. Russell Esquire, dcceaied, was read.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time on Monday Morning.

A Bill for confirming a Settlement of the Estate of Sir Seymour S her ley Baronet was read.

Ordered, That this Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for inverting the Estate of fames Lord Norris in certain Trustees, for Preservation thereof.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Harlord reports from the Committee appointed to bring in an Estimate, What Money may be raised on the Poll- Bill, That the Committee had agreed an Efti-rriare; and reduced it into Writing: Which he read in his Place; and after, delivered the same in af... Clerk's Tabie: Which was twice read.

Ordered, That it be referred to Serjeant , Mr.

Pryn, Mr. Swynfen, Mr. Edw. Sir Wm. ther, Sir Thom. Gower, Sir Robert Mr. Compt-

roller, Sir Geo. Downing, Sir John Knight, Sir John Heath, Sir dearies Harbord, Mr. ScawSir Thom. Meres, Sir Richard Temple, Colonel Kirkby, Colonel Birch, Sir Robert Atkins, Mr. Waller, or any Five of them, to prepare and draw up Reasons, to be given at a Conference with the Lords upon the Matter concerning the Patent of the Canary Company; and to search the Precedents, and fee. what Methods and Course has been formerly used in Cafes of this Nature: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to-which the Matter concerning. Printing was referred, be heard on Tuesday next.

Sir Robert Carr reports. That the Lords had agreed to a Conference ujxm the Amendment, sent down, to the Bill concerning Irish Cattle, Tomorrow, Ten of the Clock, in the Painted Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for taking the Accompts of publick Monies was read.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be. An Act for taking the Accompts of publick Monies.

A Petition of Edward Moseley Esquire being tendered;

Ordered, That the Petition of Edward Moseley Esquwe be read on Saturday next.

And then, the House adjourned till Three of the Clock

this Afternoon.

Resolved, See. That the Patent of the Canary Company be forthwith sent for; and brought into this House.

Mr. Ratcliffe reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for enabling Thomas Leigh Eftjuire to fell feme Lands, for Payment of his Debts, feme Amendments agreed by the Committee: Which he read; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: And the Amendments were twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed.

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

The Bill for raising Part of the One million Eight hundred thousand Pounds Supply for his Majesty, by an Imposition on sealed Paper, was read the Second time.

The Question being propounded. That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House;

And the Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It was refoived in the Affirmative.

And the main Question being put. That the BiH be committed to a Committee of the whole House;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went forth.

\ *» SSTM FordKNo^,

And lb it was refoived in the Affirmative.

" Resolved, Sec. That the House will resolve into a Committee of the whole House Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock, upon the Bill for an Imposition on sealed Paper, for his Majesty's Supply.

The House being informed. That, in pursuance of the Order of this Day, the Patent concerning the Canary Company was at the Door;

Resolved, See. That the Clerk of the House receive into his Hands the said Patent, that the House may be posseflfed thereof.

Resolved, Sec. That die Committee to which the Consideration of the Patent of the Canary Company was committed, be revived *, and do fit this Afternoon, in the Place formerly appointed.

Resolved, &c. That the Report of the ElefHoh concefn-ing Winchelsea be made Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Sabbatiy 150 Decetnb 18° Ildl.

Prayers.

MR. Packer reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for Naturalization of Dame Mary Frazer, and others, was committed, some Amendments agreed to be made, and Two to be struck out of the Bill: Which Amendments he read. And the same being delivered ill at the Clerk's Table; and twice read; and, upon the Que-ilion, agreed;

The Question being put, That the Name of Dcxftor Bajire and Sir Wm.'Throckmorton be inserted into the Bill;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrafted.

A Bill for inverting the Estate of James Lord Norris in certain Trustees, for Preservation thereof, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir Thom. Osborne, Colonel Kirkby, Sir IVtn. , Sir John bott, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Antb. Mr.

Mr. Coventry, Doctor Bur-welMr. , Mr.

Crouch, Lord Hawley, Sir Hen. Sir Thom.

Gower, Sir Thom. Littleton, Sir Gilbert , Sir Allen

Broadrick, Sir IVm. Godolphin, Colonel Sir Wm.

Hoy ley, Mr. Newport, Sir Thorn. , Mr. Bartu, Sir

Robert Atkins, Sir Phil. WarwicMr. Brunckard, Mr. Herbert, Sir John Birkenhead, Mr Mr. Greenvile,

Sir Roger Bradfsaigh, Sir Thom. Higgons, Sir Solom. Swale, Mr. Pepis, Sir Thom. Meres, Mr. Palmer, Sir Clifford Clifton, Sir Robert Past on, Mr. Robert Robarts, Sir John Brampfton, Sir Richard Edgcombe, Mr. Buller, and all the Members of this House that serve for the Counties of Lined ne and Oxford: And they are to meet on Monday at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Secretary Morice delivers a Message, in Writing, From his Majesty to Mr. Speaker: Which was twice read; and is as followeth }

not attending the Service of the House; viz. Sir Edmund Pyt, Sir John Roll, Sir Geo. S Sonds, Mr. Hen.

Mr. Wm. Stanley, Mr. Robert Pierpcint, Mr. Hen. Wallop, Mr. John Elliot, Mr . John Harris, Sir Thomas Mr. John George, Mr. Jeffery Rijhton, Sir IVm.

Sir IVm. Oglander, Sir Edw, L, Mr. Blois, Mr. Richard Cooke, Sir John Lewknor, Mr. Edw.

Mr. Henry Goreing, Mr. Henry Boynton , Sir John Ilotham,

Mr. Roger Talbott, Lord Herbert of Cardiffe, Sir Joint Rouse, Mr. Charles Cornwallis, Sir John Sir Cecil

Bishopp, Sir Clement Fi/her, Mr. Wm. , Mr. JohH

Vakghan, Mr. Wm. Griffith, Mr. Edgcome.

Resolved, &c. That the Serjeant shall not go, or fend* to take any of the Persons Defaulters into Custody, till Tuesday next.

Resolved, See. That such as are sent for in Custody be! not admitted to fit, till they have paid their Pees.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in for an effectual Course to be taken against such Members as are, or shall be, elected to serve, and shall refuse or neglect to attend the Service of the House: And that it be referred to Mr. Pryn, Mr. Serjeant Mainard, Sir Them. Littleton, Mr. Garraway, Sir Robert Howard, Sir Robert Atkins, Mn Serjeant Charlton, Sir Thom. Meres, Sir Richard,

or any Two of them, to prepare and bring in a Bill.

Resolved, See. That the Second Day of January next be appointed to Call the Ploufe: And that all such Members as shall then fail to give their Attendance, be sent for ir| Custody of the Serjeant at Arms.

Ordered, That the Committee for the itidigent loyal Officers be revived: And they are to fit on Monday next, in the Star-Chamber, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And all that shall come shall have Voices: And that Mr. Grills be discharged from the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, paying his Fees; but be ordered not to depart into the Country, but to attend the Committee, as often as he shall be furamoned: And that the Committee do examine the Matter of the Accompc which concerns him; and report it to the House.

Ordered, That the Report concerning the Election of ' Winchelsea be heard the Third Day of January next.

Resolved, &c. That the House will, on Monday Morning next, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed on the Bill for the monthly Assessment: A nd that they do fill up the Blanks in that Bill for railing so much of the whole One million Eight hundred thoul'arid Pounds Supply for his Majesty, which shall be found wanting on the Estimate of the Poll- Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

S Majesty is forty, that the Difficulty His House of Commons hath met with, hath detained them so long, without perfecting His Supply. His Majesty could wish, That the Posture of His Affairs would permit the giving His Two Houses a short Recess at Christmas: But the Season of the Year being considered, and how much the necessary Preparations against the Spring depend upon the Dispatch of the Supply Pie allures Himself is preparing for Him, He cannot think it oonfiftent with His Service, and the publick Safety, to permit any Adjournment (except for the chief Feftival-Days), until That, and the other most publick Bills, be perfected; which He desires may be hastened; and which His Majesty should be glad, jf possible, might be finished by Christmas, as well for their Ease, as for His own Service. Given at the Court at Whitehall, the 15 Payof pec ember, 1666.

The House then proceeded to Call over the Names of such Members as were Defaulters in attending the Service of the House, according to former Order.

Resolved, &c. That these Perfofls following be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, for their Default in

Die Luncs, i y° Decembrisy 18° Car. IId*.

Pr ay Efts.

A Bill for confirming a Settlement of the Estate of Sir Seymor Shirley Baronet was read the Second time. Resolved, &c* That the Bill be committed to Lord Fitz-harding. Sir Robert Atkins, Mr. Steward, Sir John Tal-bott, Mr. Mallett, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Seymour, Sir Robert

Carr, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Westphaling, Colonel Phillips, Sir Wm. Killegrew, Colonel Birch, DoClor Areis, Sir Solom. Swale, Sir Thom. Allen, Sir Edw. Masters, Sir James Thyn, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir John Morton, Sir Humphry Wyncb, Doctor Bur-well, Sir Richard Oateley, Loid Saint

John, Mr. Mallet, Sir Hen. C, Mr. Ctourch, and all

the Members of this House that serve for the several Counties of Derby, Leicester, and Stafford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrafted Bill for such as shall be infefted with the Plague was read. And feme Amendments made thereto at the Table;

4

And

And a Debate arising on that Clause in the Bill concerning Bishops, Deans, and Chapters; v

Ordered, That Mr. Crouch, Sir John Birkenhead, Mr.

Whorwood, Sir 'Thom. Lee, Mr. Carr away, Mr.

Mr. Pepis, Sir Them. Meres, Sir Charles Mr.

Ratcliffe, do withdraw, and prepare a Clause on the present Debate; and for making Provision, where Deans and Chapters are absent, and no Justice rest dent, fcf a concurrent Power to the Mayor, or chief Officer, or JuAlices of such Places, to act in such Cases.

Mr. Seymour reports, from the Coifimiftee appointed to draw np Reasons to be given at a Conference with the Lords upon the Matter of the Patent of the Canary Company, several Reasons agreed by the Company: Which he opened in his Place.

Resolved, See. That the Reasons reported be allowed for Heads of the Conference.

Ordered, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Message by them sent down* relating to the Patent of the Canary Company: And Mr. Seymour is to desire the Conference.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Grievances, upon the Petition of Mr. be heard

Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, See. That the Committee of Grievances do receive no Business till after Christmas.

Ordered, That it be referred to Mr. Pryn, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Lane. Lake, Si/ Thomas Sir Thom'.

Meres, Mr. Garraway, Sir Thom. Littleton, Sir Charles Harbord, Colonel Birch, Sir Wm. , Sir John

Talbott, Colonel Strangwaies, or any Three of them, to fee what Bills and other Business is now depending, of naoft Consequence, and to receive Dispatch; and do report it to the House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Committee to which the Bill for Naturalization of the Lady Hollis is committed, be revived; and do fit Tomorrow in the Afternoon at Two of the dock, in the Place formerly appointed.

Ordered, That Leave be given for bringing in a Bill for regulating Abusesinthe Collecting of Chimney-Money.

Ordered, That the Amendment of the Lords to the Fill concerning Coinage be taken into Consideration To-mor-rqw Morning.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill of Assessment.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steward took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steward reports, That the Committee had entred Upon the Bill of Assessment; but thought not fit to pro^ ceed thereupon, till the House had given feme Directions concerning the filling up the Blanks in the Bill to the Sum of Money to be inferred.

The House debate the Efiiimate of the Poll- Bill.

The Question being put, That the House agree with the Committee that brought in an Estimate of what may be raised by the Poll- Bill, That the same be Five hundred forty thousand and Thirty-five Pounds

The House was divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers,

Sir Robert Holt,

Mr.. Seymour,

Sir Allen Apjky,

Sir Thom. Meres,

And so it palfed in the Negative.-

Resolvedr, &c. That the Estimate upon the Poll- Bill shall be Five hundred thaufend Pounds.

For the Yeas, 58.

For the Noes, 60.

A Proviso was tendered touching the Borough of Thet-ford, to be added to the Bill of Assessment.

Resolved, See. That, upon the Report from the Committee of the whole House, Leave be given to tender a Proviso touching the Borough of Thetford.

Resolved, See. That Leave be given to move the Matter touching the City and County of at the Committee of the whole House.

A Prqviso was tendered for taking up Monies upon Security of the Bill of the AlfdTment; and was twice read.

Resolved, See. That the Proviso be committed to> the Committee of the whole House.

A Proviso was brought in, according to the Direction of the House, to be inserted in the Bill touching the Plague: Which was twice read; and agreed to be inserted.

Which was done.

Resolved, See. That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for making Provision for such Places and Persons as shall be infefted with the Plague.

And then the House adjourned till Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Clerk take care, that the Order* for Calling of the House in January next be printed in the: next Thursday's Gazette.

Ai)d then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Marti18° Decembris, 18° IL".

Prayers.

MR. Pepis reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for erecting a Judicature to determine Differences concerning Houses burnt down by the late calamitous Fire, some Amendments agreed to be made to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence; and delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

And the Amendments being twice read; and some Amendments made thereto at the Table; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to -,

Resolved, See. That the Bill, with . Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed; and read on Thursday Morning, when the House is full.

Poji Meridiem.

AN ingrossed Bill for the Naturalizing of Dame Mary Frazer, and others, was read.

Resolved, See. That Thomas , an Infant, Son of Sir Thomas Allen, born in France, be inserted into the said Bill of Naturalization.

Which being accordingly done; and thrice read; Resolved, Sec. That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for Naturalizing of Dame Mary Frazer, and others: And that Sir John Birkenhead do carry up this Bill to the Lord; with the rest the ingross'cd Bills passed.

Sir Thomas Gower reports, from the Committee of Grievances, the State of the same to them referred, upon the Petition of Mr. Wm. Tayleur, complaining of the Lord Mordant, and others; together with the Matter of Fast; and Evidence on both Sides; and the Votes and Resolves of the Committee thereupon: Which Report and Votes he delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

And the Votes and Resolves of the Committee were twice read; and were as followeth; viz.

Resolved, &c. That this Committee doth find it proved. That, upon an Order from his Majesty to the Lord Mordant, to clear Lodgings belonging to the Chancellor of the Garter in the Castle of Mr was

turned out of certain Lodgings in that Castle, in March i6€o, by Soldiers of that Garison.

Resolved*

i8Car. II. Journal s of the Honk of Commons. 66$

Resolved, See. That this Committee do find, That Mr.

Tayleur*s First Imprisonment, in March 1660, was illegal and arbitrary.

Resolved, See. That the Second Dispossession of Mr.

Tayleur out of certain Rooms in the Timber-yard belonging to the Castle of Windsor, by Order of the Lord Mordant, was illegal.

Resolved, &c. That the Second Commitment of Mr. ! Tayleur, by my Lord Mordant, was illegal.

Resolved, Sec. That the whole Matter of Fa& be reported to the House, together with the Votes and Opinion of this Committee.

Resolved, &c. That the House doth agree with the Committee, That Mr. Tayleur* s First Imprisonment, in March 1660, . illegal, and arbitrary.

Resolved, &c. That the House doth agree with the Committee, That the Second Dispossession of Mr. leur, out of certain Rooms in the Timber-yard belonging to the Castle of Wind for, by Order of the Lord,

was illegal.

Resolved, &c. That the Second Commitment of Mr. Tayleur, by my Lord Mordant, was illegal.

Resolved, &c. That an Impeachment be drawn up against the Lord Mordant, upon the Votes of the House.

Ordered, That it be referred to Sir Them. Gower, Mr. Sollicitor-General, Sir Job Charlton, Mr. Trevor, Mr. Serjeant Mainard, Mr. Edw. Seymour, Mr. , Colonel Strangwaies, Sir Robert Holt, Mr. Prynn, Mr.

wood, Mr. Garraway, Sir Robert Sir Thom. Lit-

tleton, Sir Thomas Meres, or any Three of them, to draw up the said Impeachment.

Ordered, That the Report concerning Printing be heard on Friday next.

Ordered, That such Members of the House as do depart into the Country without Leave, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms.

Resolved, &c. That the House will, Tomorrow Morning, proceed on the Bill of Assessment.

Die Mercurii, 190 Decemb, 18° . II

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill, sent from the Lords, for Supply of Part of the Jointure of the Lady Eliz. Noel I, was read the Third time.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill do pass: And that the Tide be agreed to.

The Amendments, lent from the Lords, to the Bill for Encouragement of Coinage, were twice read; and, except the Amendment to the Thirty-fifth Line of the Fourth Skin, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

That Amendment, being to add aClause, sent from the Lords , and being debated *,

Ordered, That it be referred to Sir Geo. Downing, Sir Robert Howard, Sir Phil. Warwick, Colonel Birch, Sir Robert Atkins, to withdraw, and bring in a Clause, instead of That sent from the Lords, on the Debates of the House.

A Proviso, sent from the Lords, on the Behalf of die Lady Fillers, was twice read.

Ordered, That these Words, " during her said Term, in the said letters Patents," be omitted in the Proviso.

Resolved, Scc. That the Proviso, with this Amendment, be agreed'to.

Ordered, That Mr. Pepis, Mr. Daniell, Mr. Jaye, Sir Thom. Wendy, Sir Hen. Cafar, Sir Lowther, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir John Moreton, be added to the Committee to which the Bill for Naturalization of the Lord Hollis his Lady was committed.

Ordered, That the Persons appointed to draw up Rea-

fons for the Conference on the Meftage from the Lords, touching the Patent of the Canary Company, be appointed to manage the Conference.

And then the House adjourned till Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Poji Meridiem.

SI R George Downing reports, from the Committee appointed to bring in Amendments to the Clause, sent from the Lords, by way of Amendment to the Bill for Encouraging of Coinage, some Amendments agreed to be added to That lent from the Lords: Which, being twice read, were, upon the Question, agreed to.

Mr. Crouch reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for naturalizing the Lord Hollis' Lady was committed. That the Committee had perused the Bill; and saw no Cause to make any Alteration therein.

Mr. Pryn reports, from the Committee appointed to draw up an Impeachment against the Lord Mordant, That they find the House had not given any Opinion in the First Part of the Report made Yesterday, from the Committee of Grievances, concerning the Lord; being

as followeth *, viz.

That the Committee find it proved. That, upon an Order from his Majesty, to the Lord Mordant, to clear Lodgings belonging to the Chancellor of the Garter in the Castle of Windsor, Mr. Tayleur was turned out of certain Lodgings in that Castle, in Mar 1660, by Soldiers of that Garison.

Resolved, See. That the House do agree with the Committee, That they find it proved, that, upon an Order from his Majesty to the Lord Mordant, to clear Lodgings belonging to the Chancellor of the Garter in the Castle of Windsor, Mr. Tayleur was turned out of certain Lodgings in that Castle, in March 1660, by Soldiers of that Garison.

Resolved, See. That the Committee of the whole House do proceed to fill up the Blanks for raising the whole Thirteen hundred thousand Pounds, Remainder of his Majesty's Supply, in the Bill of Assessment, according to the Method of the former Bill: And that the House will Tomorrow Morning at Nine of the Clock, resolve into a Committee for that Purpose.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Jovis, 20° Decembr, 18° Car. IIdl.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, Thatr *.

Resolved, &c. That it be referred to Mr. Speaker to examine the Matter -, and, if he find that the said Wm. Jackson was sued and arrested contrary to the Privilege of this House, to give Order for his Discharge, and for Stay of all Proceedings in the Suit*

Ordered, That, in all Causes of the like Nature, where Servants of Members are alleged to be arrested in Breach of Privilege, it be referred to Mr. Speaker; and, if he find it so, to give Order for their Discharge, and for Stay of the Suit.

Ordered, That the Report concerning Mr. from the Committee to which the Matter concerning the loyal indigent Officers was referred, be made on Saturday Morning next.

An ingrafted Bill for erecting a Judicature for Determining of Differences touching Houses burnt or deim>

8 F lished.

lished, by reason of the late Fire which happened in don, was read.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be. An Act for erecting a Judicature for Determining of Differences touching Houses burnt or demolished by reason of the late Fire which happened in London.

And Sir Solomon Swale is to carry up the Bill to the Lords.

The House then resumed the Debate of the Bill of the Assessment.

Resolved, See. That the remaining Part of the City of London shall be charged at the same Rate that Part did (land charged in the last Act of Assessment, and no more.

The Question being put, That the Rate on Ibire shall stand as it was,

It was relblved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, See. That the Blanks for all other Countries, Cities, and Places, except the City of , be filled

up according to the Proportions in the last Act of Assessment, and no more.

Resolved, Sec. That a Committee be appointed to consider of the Abatement to be made to the City of London of their Proportion,' and of the Surplus charged, in Proportion, on other Places, more than the One Million Three hundred thousand Pounds; and lee what will be wanting to make up the One Million Three hundred thousand Pounds to his Majesty: And that it be referred to Mr. Garraway, Mr. Scowen, Colonel Birch, Mr.

Sir Wm. Doyley, Mr. Jolly, Mr. Swynfen, Sir Thom. , Mr. Bufcowen, Sir Wm. LowthSir Lane. , Sir

Thomas Lee, Sir Thom. ClergesSir Thomas

Sir Geo. Downing, or any Five of them, to report the

Matter to the House: And to meet at Two of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Steward reports, from the Committee of the whole House, That the Committee had filled up most of the Blanks , and made some further Progress in the Bill of Assessment.

The Question being put, 1'hat the House do fit Tomorrow -y

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Tellers,

Mr! Brunckard, } For the Yeas' 33-

Sir Robert Howard, 7 t? i xT

Mr. Seymour, j For the Noes, 33.

Mr. Speaker gave his Voice with the Yeas.

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Veneris, 2i° Decemb, 18 IT1.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for felling Part of the Lands of Henry Mildmay Esquire, deceased, for Payment of his Debts, and making Provision for his Children, was read.

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be, An Act for felling Part of the Lands of Henry Mildmay Esquire, deceased, for Payment of his Debts, and making Provision for his Children.

And Sir Foulke Lucy is to carry up the Bill to the Lords.

Mr. Pryn reports, from the Committee to which it was referred to draw up an Impeachment against the Lord Viscount Mordant, upon the Votes of the House, That the Committee had agreed, and drawn up, in Writing, several Articles of Impeachment against the said Lord Mordant: Which he read; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Which Articles were read the

First time; and after, were severally read the Second time; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to: And are as followeth; viz.

Articles of Impeachment, by the Commons of,

assembled in Parliament, in the Name of themselves, and of all the Commons of , against John

Lord Viscount Mordant, Constable of the Castle.of

Windfore, for several high Crimes and Misdemeanors committed by him.

I. T1 HAT the said Lord Viscount being a

Peer of this Realm, and Constable of the Castle of Windfore in the County of Berks, and Commander of the Garison-Soldiers there, understanding that one William Tayleur Esquire (who had faithful.. served his late Majesty King Charles the First in his Wars, and been a great Sufferer for his Loyalty to him during the Time of . late Usurpations; and, by his Majesty King Charles the Second, since his most happy Restoration, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of England, promoted to several Offices of Trust within the said Castle and Honour of Windfore, and in actual Possession of certain Lodgings within the said Castle, claimed by him, as appertaining to his laid Offices, or one of them); did intend to stand for the Election of one of the Burgesses of the said Borough of Windfore, to serve in this present Parliament, for which Writs of Summons were issued in the Month of March in the Year of our Lord 1660, some Weeks before the Time of the said Election; to dilparage and prevent the free Election of the said Wm. Tayleur, and strike a Terror into those of the said Borough who should give their Voices for him, and deprive them of the Freedom of their Voices at the Election, by Colour of a Warrant from his Majesty, on or about the Seventeenth Day of the said Month of March, did, by Soldiers, forcibly ejeft the said Wm. Tryleur, together with his Wife (then great with Child), Family, and Goods, out of the said Lodgings and Castle; the rude Carriage of which Soldiers then frighted a young Child of the said Mr. Tayleur out of his Wits; whereof it soon after died: And moreover, on the Twenty-third Day of the same Month, the said Lord Viscount Mordant, contrary to the greatCharter, and other Laws and Statutes of this Realm, and the Liberty of all English Freemen, did command and cause the said William Tayleur to be forcibly, illegally, and arbitrarily seized upon, by his Soldiers, in the Prison of the said Borough, out of the Precincts of the said Castle; which Soldiers broke open the said Prison-Doors, where the said William Tayleur was then a Prisoner, under an Arrest for Debt; and carried him out of the said Prison, into the said Castle, without any Warrant but their Swords, or any lawful Cause; and there detained him Prisoner, by the said Lord Viscount Mordant's Command, from Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, till near One of the Clock the next Morning, in a cold low Room, some Steps underground; refusing to accept of Two thousand Pound Bail, then proffered, for his Inlargement.

II. That the said Lord Viscount at the Time

of the said Mr. Tayleur' % Imprisonment, when Two thousand Pound Bail was proffered for his Release, being told. That the said Mr. Tayleur was the King's Servant, and had the King's Great Seal for his Place, as well as the Lord Mordant had for his, in high Contempt, of his Majesty's Royal Authority, and Great Seal, replied. He would dispose of the said Mr. s Places, and break

the Great Seal, and justify it when he had done.

III. That the said Lord Viscount Mordant, in or about the Month of March Anno Domini 1664, by Letters, and otherwise, made sundry uncivil Addresses to Mrs. Anne Tayleur (now Mrs. VacbelDaughter to the said William Tayleur: Which Ihe rejecting; and threatening to make the said Lord Viscount's Lady acquainted with them; the said Lord Viscount swore, by a most dreadful Oath and Imprecation, He would prosecute her, and her Family, to all Eternity.

IV. That

IV. That, not Jong after, on or about the Three-and-

twentieth Day of November, Amo Domini 1665, by Order of the said Lord Viscount Mor, the said William -

leur was forcibly and illegally dispossessed, by Soldiers, of certain Rooms in the Timber-Yard belonging to the said Cattle, without the Walls thereof, claimed by the said William Tay leur, as belonging to his Offices of Paymaster and Surveyor of the said Cattle, and peaceable held and enjoyed by him, from the Time of his foresaid Ejection out of the Lodgings he possessed within the said Cattle in March 1660.

V. That a Warrant, obtained from his Majesty by untrue

Suggestions and Misinformations, dated the Thirtieth of November 1665, but not produced till some Months after, upon a Pluries habeas corpus, for the Restraining of the said

William Tayleur from going out of the said Cattle, was directed to the said Lord Viscount Mordant; who, by virtue of his own Warrant (not mentioning the said Warrant of his Majesty's) about the Ninth of December following, caused the said Mr. Tayleur to be again forcibly and illegally apprehended, and taken into Custody, in the said Borough of Windfore, without the Precincts of the said Cattle, by one Richard Voyle, then Marshal of the said Cattle, assisted with a File of Mufqueteers; who, by Command from the said Lord Mordant, carried him Prisoner into the said Cattle; and there continued, and illegally detained, him Prisoner, during the Space of Twenty Weeks, and Five Weeks thereof a close Prisoner, not permitting him to go to Church, though he desired it; and locking him up every Night, refuting to take Bail for him, when offered loon after his Imprisonment; whereas his Majesty's Warrant was only to restrain him within the Cattle: At which time Henry Martin, a Traitor, one of the late Regicides, then a Prisoner there, had Liberty to go abroad out of the said Cattle, without a Keeper.

VI. That the said Lord Viscount , during the said William Tayleur's Imprisonment, illegally refused to return and obey an Habeas Corpus brought by the said Mr. Tayleur for his Inlargement: And, being afterwards served with an Alias habeas corpus by Leonard Servant

to the said Mr. Tayleur, for his Inlargement, the said Lord Viscount Mordant, in high Contempt of his Majesty's Authority, and Laws of this Realm, gave the said Servant reproachful Language, calling him Rogue, for delivering the said Writ; and saying, " That was all the Answer he would give to itdirectly refilling to obey the fame; and continued the said Mr. Tayleur divers Weeks after Prisoner, till let at Liberty upon a Pluries habeas corpus by his Majesty's Court of King's-Be

VII. That the said Mr. T, soon after his Inlarge-

ment upon the said Pluries habeas , hearing and fearing, that he should be again illegally imprisoned by the said Lord Viscount Mordant, did thereupon make Application to his Lordship, by his Friends, for a Reconciliation: Who answered them, " He would never be reconciled to him and threatened to imprison him again; ."and then, if he brought another he would

imprison him again and again; and keep him Prisoner as long as he lived; and likewise turn him out of all his Employments and Offices, and dispose of the same to others; as he pleased:" By reason of which Threats and Menaces, the said Mr. Tayleur was enforced to desert his Wife, Family, and Employments at the said Borough of,

and to obscure himself elsewhere, till this present Session of

Parliament, to prevent future illegal Imprisonments by the said Lord Viscount Mordant.

All and every which Proceedings are contrary to the great Charter, and other Laws and'Statutes of this Realm, and the Rights and Liberties of all the Commons and Freemen of England; and of dangerous Consequence and Example, if unredressed.

And the said Commons, by Protestation, saving to themselves the Liberty of exhibiting, at any time hereafter, any other Accusation or Impeachment against the said Lord Viscount Mordant, and also of replying to the Answer to the said Articles, or any of them, or of offering Proof of the Premises, or any other Impeachment or Accusations

that shall be exhibited by them (as the same shall, according to the Course of Parliaments, require) do pray. That the said Lord Viscount Mordant may be called to answer the said several Crimes and Mildemcanors; and receive such condign Punishment, as the same shall deserve; and that such further Proceedings may be, upon every one of them, had and used against him, as is agreeable to Law and Justice.

The Title of the said Articles were twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

Resolved,&c. That the said Articles be ingrossed.

The Question being put. That the Report from the Committee to which the Matter touching Printing was referred, be now heard;

The House was divided.

The Noes went out.

Tellers,

Sir John Duncombe, 7 t? l xt o

Mr. CollingwMi, j For the Noes, 83.

Sir Thomas Lee, 7 r- v

Mr. Stymnr, { For the Yeas- *3-

And so it passed in the Negative.

An ingrossed Bill, font from the Lords, for encourage-ing the Sowing and Planting cf Hemp and Flax, was read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill, to continue a former Act for preventing Theft and Rapine on the Northern Borders of England, was read.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pals: And that the Title shall be, An Act for preventing Theft and Rapine on the Northern Borders of England.

And the Lord Morpeth is to carry up the Bill to the Lords.

Mr. Steward reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for satisfying a just Debt to Sir Thotnas Higgons,

which was due to the late Countels of Essex,.some

Amendments agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table. And the Amendments, being twice read, were, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

The Question being propunded. That the Bill,'with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed;

The Question being put, That this Question for Ingrossing be now put;

The Noes went out.

Tellers,

Coiof For the Noes, 5,

!r£r"* } For the Yeas, 7o.

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The main Question being put. That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed;

The House was divided.

The Yeai went out.

Tellers,

ItZSZS*"* j For the Yeas, 73.

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Bill, being ingrossed, be read the Third Day of January next: And that the Ordinance be then produced, to the end it may be compared with the Clause in the Act of Indemnity.

Ordered, That Colonel Kirkby Mr. Daniell, Sir Fran.

Clarke, Sir Thom. Woodcocke, Sir Edw. Masters, Mr. JoL lisse. Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Colonel Gilby, Mr. Edw. Seymour, Captain Jones, Sir Geo. , Sir Thom. Little*

ton>

ton, Mr. Crooke, be added to Mr. Pride's Committee: And they are to fit Tomorrow in the Afternoon, in the Place formerly appointed.

Die Sabbati, i2° Decembr i 8° Ildl.

Prayers.

A Bill for Relief of poor Prisoners, and Prevention of Gaol-Sicknesses, was read . First time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time on Monday next.

Ordered, That the Committees for the Bills against Atheism and Profaneness, and against Duelling, and the Bills touching Prisoners and Certiorabe joined.

A Petition of several Inhabitants of touching

Monies owing to them for Provision for the Navy, was read.

Mr. Mallet reports from the Committee to which the Matter touching the indigent loyal Officers was committed. That the Committee had examined the several Accompts of Mr. Buckley, Receiver for the County of Angle fey , Sir George Middleton, Receiver for the County of Lancaster *, Mr. Palmes, Receiver for the County of Rutland , Mr. Grills, Receiver for the County of Cornwall; and had drawn up several Reports, in Writing, thereupon: Which he read; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

The Report of the Accompt of Mr. Buckley, for the County of Anglesey, being read;

Resolved, &c. That Mr. Buckley be discharged from the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, paying the Charges at Law, and Fees due to the Serjeant at Arms.

Resolved, &c. That this House agree with the Committee, That the Lord Treasurer be desired to cause the Sum of Four hundred and One Pounds Seven Shillings and Four-pence to be paid to the Treasurer, for the Money assigned to the indigent loyal Officers: And Sir Philip Warwick is to impart the Desires of the House to the Lord Treasurer.

The Report touching the Accompt of Sir George Middleton, for the County of Lancaster, was read.

Resolved, &c. That Sir George Middleton do remain in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, till he has cleared his

Accompt of the Two thousand Ninety-two..... and

paid the Charges at Law, and the Fees due to the Serjeant at Arms.

A Debate being about Nine hundred Ninety-eight Pounds more; which, by Direction of one Ogle, the head Collector, was received by one Wall, as was informed;

Resolved, &c. That the Serjeant at Arms do fend a Messenger into the Country, to seize the said Ogle and Wall j and carry them into Custody before the High-Sheriff of the County of Lancaster: Before whom they are to give an Account, In whose Hands the Nine hundred Ninety-eight Pounds, or any Part of it, does rest: And that such Person, in whose Hands the said Nine hundred Ninety-eight Pounds, or any Part of it, shall be found resting, be brought up in Custody, to answer the fame.

The Accompt of Mr. Palmes, for the County of Rutland, was read;

Resolved, &c. That Mr. Palmes be discharged from the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, paying his Fees.

Ordered, That the "High-Sheriff do fend for the Collectors i and examine, Where the Arrear of Fifty-two Pounds, or thereabouts, uncollected, is chargeable; and do give Direction for the Collecting and Returning thereof.

The Report of Mr. Grills, for the County of Cornwall, was read.

Resolved, &c. That Mr. Grills, paying or securing the Arrear in his Hands to the Treasurer, be discharged, paying the Serjeant at Arms his Fees; and have Leave to go into the Country.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, That, as to the Two thousand Three hundred

and Thirty-one Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Two-pence, charged, by Mr. Grills' Accompt to be in Arrear in several Hundreds of the fad County of Cornwall, or in the Hands of the respective head Collectors hereafter named; viz.

/. d.

Hundred de Trigg, Charles Bltgh Gentle- y ,, ^_____

c , 6 S QQ2 OO OO

man, for 18 Months — — — S

Hundred de Powder, John Prideaux Gende-

man, for 18 Months

oo oo

02

00

Hundred de Penwith and Kyrryer, Geo. Col-1

tins Gentleman, for 18 Months ----- --> '

Hundred de Lefnutb, Thomas Wills Gentle- j

man, for 18 Months — — — j *4 '

Hundred de West, John Clogg, for 91 Months — — — — j

Hundred de West, John Gyll, for other 9 1 Months — — — — J

South and East Division,

De Hundred de East, Nicolas,) ,

Gentleman, for 18 Months — J

53 °3 00 60 14 06

2331 18 02

And that it be referred to Sir Walter Moyle Knight, Colonel Wm. Godolphin, Walter Vincent, John Connock, Edw. Herle, and Francis Colmady, Esquires, and Thomas Piper Gentleman, or any Three of them, to examine and state the Particulars; and in whose Hands any of the said Monies are; and of the whole Matter to make Certificate, in Writing under their Hands and Seals, to this House, within Twenty Days after the Receipt of this Order, by the said Referees, or any One of them: Who are speedily required to communicate the same to the rest; and to execute this Order with all possible Expedition, that the Accompts thereof may be made, and perfected; and the Monies, by the Acts of Parliament given and intended for that Purpose, may be employed, and discharged, accordingly.

The ingrossed Articles of Impeachment against the Lord Viscount Mordant were read.

And feme Amendments, upon the Question, agreed, and made thereto, at the Table;

The Question being put. That the Articles of Impeachment against the Lord Viscount Mordant be agreed to;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr. Prynn, Mr. , Sir Robert

Atkins, do withdraw, and search the Records; and fee. What Method hath been formerly used in Impeachments from this House.

Mr. Scowen reports from the Committee appointed to consider of the Abatement to be made to the City of London of their Proportion of the Assessment on them in the last Act, That the Committee had agreed upon a Report: Which he read; and after, delivered the feme in at the Clerk's Table.

Wffich Report being twice read; and the Particulars, upon the Question, agreed;

Resolved, &c. That the Blanks in the Bill for the City of London be filled up, according to the Report.

A Debate being, touching the Assessment for the City of Chester;

Resolved, &c. That Seventy Pounds Seven Shillings and Eight-pence only be assessed on the City of Chester.

The Question being put. That the House shall be adr journed till the Second Day of January next;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers,

Colonel Strangwaies, 7 With the Yeas va

Sic Robert Holt, 5 with the leas, 74.

Mr. Strickland, 7 , N

Me. Harbord, $ W Kft tneNoes, 75.

And so it pissed in the Negative.

Resolved,

Resolved, See. That the House shall be adjourned till ing the Matter of Impeachment against the Lord

this Day Sevennight. —

Die Sabbati, 290 Decem, 18 11"".

Prayers.

f\Rdered, That Mr. Remington be discharged from his Commitment to the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, paying his Fees.

Ordered, That the Committee to which the Bill concerning Sir Seymour Sherley was committed, be revived j and that all the Gentlemen of the House, that are of the Long Robe, be added to the Committee.

A Bill for regulating the Prices of Wines was read the First time.

Resolved, Sec. That this Bill be read a Second time on Monday next.

The Question being put. That the House, after the Conference is over, rdolve again into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed on the Bill of Assessment;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers,

Sir Allen Apfley, ? r , v

Sir John Buncombe, For the Yas, 57.

Sir Thomas Meeres, ? t> XT

Sir Thomas Lee, \ For ,h£ NoCS'

And lo it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Writ, for electing a new Member to serve for the Town of Dartmouth in the County of Devon, in the Head of Mr. Thomas Kendall, de-> ceased.

A Bill for Relief of poor Prisoners was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Mr. Serjeant Mainard, Sir Solom. Swale, Mr. Seymour, Sir Oateley, Sir Hen. Cafar, Colonel Birch, Sir Job Charlton,

Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Hobby, Colonel Reames, Mr. Buf-cawen, Mr. Pryn, Sir John Knight, Sir Edw. Mr.

Daniel!, Sir Thom. Allen, Sir Clifford Clifton, Sir Wm. Doyley, Sir James Thyn, Sir Robert Atkins, Mr. Steward, Mr. Fran. Finch: And all the Members of this House that shall come are to have Voices: And they are to meet on Monday at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, to encourage the Planting and Sowing of Hemp and Flax, was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill be committed to Sir John Knight, Sir Charles Harbord, Colonel Birch, Mr.

WestpbaUng, Mr. Scowen, Sir Wm. Doyley, Sir Robert Carr, Sir John Birkenhead, Mr. Jolly, Sir Hen. Vernon, Mr. Rat cliffe, S\r John Frederick, Mr. Jay, Mr. Bufcawen, Mr. Pryn, Sir Solom. Swale, Mr. Seymour, Sir Thomas Allen, Sir James Thynn, Sir Thom. Bludworth, Mr. Steward, Doctor Burrell, Sir Richard Browne, Mr. Nor den. Sir Edw. Maffey: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for rebuilding the City of London was read the First time.

Resolved, Sec. That this Bill be read the Second time on Monday next.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Gower do desire a Conference with the Lords, concerning an Impeachment of high Crimes and Misdemeanors, which they have prepared against the Lord Viscount Mordant, a Member of the House of Peers.

Ordered, That Sir Thom. Gower, Sir Robert Atkins, Mr. Serjeant Mainard, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Seymour, Colonel Strang-waies. Sir Robert Howard, Mr. Hobby, Mr. Swynfen, Sir Thorn. Littleton, Sir Thom. Lee, Mr. Sir Wm.

Lowther, be appointed to manage the Conference.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed on the Bill of Assessfment.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steward took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steward reports. That the Committee had filled up feme Blanks, and made some further Progress, in the BUI of Assessment. —

Sir Thomas Gower reports, That the Lords had agreed to a present Conference, in the Painted Chamber, concern-

The Question being put, That the House be adjourned till Wednesday next;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers,

Sir Thomas Hebletwaite,

Sir Nicolas Carew,

Sir Clifford Gift on,

Mr. Palmer,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative,

For the Yeas, 67. Noes, 64.

And the House adjourned, accordingly, to Wednesday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Mercurii, 20 eJanuariii 18° . II41.

Prayers.

A Bill for alluring the Moiety of the Manor of Iron-Aston unto Sir John Poynz, was read.. First

time.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read the Second time on Friday next.

Sir George Downing reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for burying dead Persons in Woolen, ..... several Amendments, agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence j and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

The several Amendments, except the Two last Provisoes, were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to: And the Two last Provisoes, upon the Second Reading, were rejected.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That all Committees which were discontinued, be revived; and those which were to fit on Monday, do fit this Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Report concerning Mr. Pride's Bill be heard Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, &c. That the BUI for rebuilding the City of London be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir JuJlinian and Sir John Cole -,

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a free Conference with this House, upon the Bill concerning the Importing of Irish Cattle; a Conference concerning the Poll- Bill; upon the King's Answer concerning the taking Accompts j and upon the Bill of Coinage: And have sent you down a Bill for Uniting of Parishes, and Raifing of Maintenance for Ministers, in the Town of Southampton: To. which they desire the Concurrence of this House. And commands 8 G us

6jo Journals of the House of Commons. I

us to tell you. That they had agreed to the Bill for settling the Estate of John Bodvell Esquire, deceased.

The Mclfengers being called in, Mr. Speaker acquaints them. That the House had agreed to a present Conference, as the Lords desire.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Temple, Colonel Mr. "

Seymour, Sir Robert Howard, Colonel Strangwaies, Sir bert Atkins, Mr. Bufcawen, Mr. , Sir Thom.

Lee, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Geo. Downing, Sir Thom. Meeres,

Mr. Swynfen, be appointed to manage the present Conferences.

Ordered, That every- Knight of a Shire do pay Ten Shillings, and every other Member of the House Five Shillings and that all that made Default in former Payments, do pay what is in Arrear; to be distributed by Mr. Speaker amongst the Under-Officers attending the Service of the House.

Sir Thomas Meeres and Sir Robert Howard reports. That they had attended the several Conferences with the Lords; and.were ready to report the fame.

Resolved, &c. That the Report of the Conferences with the Lords be made Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock, peremptorily; nothing that may be then in Debate to hinder the fame.

Resolved, &c. That all Committees that were to fit this Afternoon, be adjourned till Tomorrow, Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Resolved, See. That this Proceeding of the Lords, in going by Petition to the King, for a Commission for taking the publick Accompts, there being a Bill sent up from this House, and depending before them, for taking the Accompts in another Way, is unparliamentary, and of dangerous Consequence.

Ordered, That a Conference be desired with the Lords upon the Matter of this Vote.

And that it be referred to Sir Thom. Littleton, Colonel Sandys, Sir Thom. Meeres, Mr. , Mr.

Mr. Swynfen, Colonel SirangwayesSir Richard Sir Robert Howard, Sir Thom. Gower, Colonel Birch, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Edw. Wallpoole, Mr. Pryn, Mr

or any Three of them, to prepare and draw upReafons for the Conference: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That all Committees that are to fit this Afternoon, except the Committee appointed to draw up Rea-fons for a Conference, be adjourned till Tomorrow, Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

The Question being put, That Colonel Strangwaies have Leave to go into the Country;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers,

Sir John Duncombe, 7 r> l v n

Sir Lmc.Lik,. j For the Yeas, 78.

Lord Aliinrton, ? v , T

Mr. GarrLay, f For the Noes, 73.

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And then the ... . adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Jovis, 30 Jamarii, 18 Car, II41.

Prayers.

fJRdered, That the Bill, for Sale of an House in Chef-wicke, for Payment of the Debts of Edw. Russell Esquire, -deceased, be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ford reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for settling an Estate, inTruft, for the Benefit of Mrs. Pride, and her Children, was committed, some

Amendments agreed to be made to the Bill: Which he read in his Place , and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: And the Amendments being twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed;

Resolved, &c. That the Name of Serjeant be

ft ruck out of the several Places of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Bill for rebuilding the City of London, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Robert Howard reports, from the Conference had with the Lords upon the Matter of taking the Accompts of publick Monies, That the Lord Anglesey acquainted them, That the Lords had formerly agreed to a Committee of both Houses; but found no Precedent for such Committee to be impowered to take Oaths: But, as to a Bill, they found That an extraordinary Way; and that there was no Necessity for it: But had thought on an Expedient, which might conduce to the Business, and make it as effectual as a Bill: And had drawn a Petition to his Majesty (to which his Majesty had sent his Answer) for a Commission to issue for taking the Accompts on Oath: A Copy of which Petition, and his Majesty's Answer, were delivered at the Conference: Which Report he read and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

And the Petition and Answer being read again, and dr bated;

Die Vt zneris, 40 Januarii> 18° Car, 11".

Prayers.

A Bill, for Sale of an House at Chefwickey for Pay-i ment of the Debts of Edw. Russell Esquire, deceased, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir Solom. Swale, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir John , Mr. ard, Mr. Weld, Sir John Coriton, Sir Richard Oateley, Sir Clifford Clifton, Sir Thomas Proby, Sir Edm. Pooley, Mr. Ashburnham, Mr. Russell, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir John Duncombe, Sir Thomas Allen, Sir John Heath, Sir Lane, Lake, Sir Edw. Masters, Colonel Reames, Mr. Pepis, Mr. Morice, Colonel Morley, Sir Robert Atkins, Mr. Chichley, Mr. Steward, Mr. , Sir John Brampjlott, Lord Gorge, Mr. Daniell, Sir Thom. Clergis, Sir Them. Gower, Sir Robert Holt: And they are to meet at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, ana Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Writ, for electing a Member to serve for the Borough of Weymouth in the County of Dorsett, in the room of Sir John

wales, deceased.

A Bill for rebuilding the City of London was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sol-licitor. Sir Wm. Coventry, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Lan. Lake, Sir John Coriton, Sir Richard Ford, Colonel Reames, Colonel Birch, Sir Geo. Downing, Mr. Pryn, Sir . Ctefar, Sir Humphry Wynch, Mr. Hyde, Sir John Knight, Sir Richard Browne, Mr. Hungerford, Sir Job Charlton, Sir Solom. Swale, Mr. Pepis, Sir Thom. Allen, Sir John Talbott, Sir John Frederick, Mr. Jones, Sir Wm. Doyley, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Thomas Proby, Sir Allen Broadrick, Serjeant Sets, Sir Charles Harbord, Doctor , Mr. Jolly, Mr. Steward, Sir Robert Mason, Sir Thom. Clergis, Sir John Heath, Sir Nico. , Sir Thom. Meeres,

Sir John Lowther, Mr. Coleman, Sir , Sir

Thompfort, Colonel Wyndham, Sir Thom. Mr.

Mr. Waller, S>\r John Covet, Mr. Mount ague, SxxTkom.

man, Mr. Hambden, Sir George , Mr. Sir Clifford Clifton, Sir John Mainard, Mr. , Lord

son. Sir John Brampston, Sir Theo , Mr.

Mr. Edw. Seymour, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Mallet t, Sir

Duncombe, Sir Cope, Sir £</»;. Pj<?, Lord George,

Sir Robert Howard, Mr. Sandys, Sir John Mr. Pleydall, Mr. Swynfen, Sir Humphry Wynch, Sir Edw. Wallpoole, Sir Richard Temple, Sir Thom, liiggons, Mr. Trevor, Mr. Cheyne, Mr. Peircy GMr. Sir Robert Holt, . Mr. Lucy, Lord Herbert, Mr. Morice, Mr. Garraway, Sir John Denham, Mr. Wren, Mr.

Comptroller, Lord Allington, Mr. Herbert, Sir Robert Carr, Colonel Phillips, Sir Mr. Scawen:

And all the Members that shall come are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber; and to fit de die in diem: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That all the Members of this House, that serve for the several Counties of Devon and Cornwall, be added to the Committee to which the Bill for Relief of poor Prisoners was committed.

Sir Robert Howard reports from the free Conference had with the Lords upon the Bill against Importing of Irish Cattle, That the Lord Anglesey did acquaint them, that the only Differences now between both Houses being about the Word " Nuisance and That Expression looking like a Restraint on the King's Prerogative; they thought fit, by a Petition to his Majesty, to supply what that Word might import: To which Petition they de-lired the Concurrence of this House: Which Petition, with the Reasons of the Lords for it, being delivered at the Conference, the Reporter read in his Place j and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

The Question being put. That this House doth adhere ‘ to the Word " Nuisance," that it Hand in the Bill;

The House was divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers,

Sr Rohr, Hwari, J mh the y 6

Mr. Seymour, J

Sir*(Albert Talbott, } With the Noes, 58.

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That all Committees that are to fit this Afternoon, be adjourned till Tomorrow in the Afternoon at Two of the Clock.

And then the.House adjourned till, Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Sabbatt, 50 Januarii, 18° Car. lldl.

Prayers.

A Bill for settling the Prices upon Wine was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir Lake, Colonel Sandys, Mr. Steward, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Sey. mow. Sir Thomas Proby, Mr. Crouch, Sir Solom. Swale, Mr. Morice, Colonel Birch, Sir Thom. Sir John

Knight, Mr. Scowen, Sir Bainbam TSir John

Birkenhead, Mr. Garraway, Sir Edw. Masters, Sir Wm. JLowtber, Sir Clifford Clifton, Sir John Sir Ro-

bert Atkins, Sir John Talbott, Sir Jonathan Trelawney, Sir Charles Harbord, Mr. Pepis, Mr. Crooke, Sir Wm. Doyley, Sir John Bennett, Colonel Williams, Mr. Chowne, Sir John Duncombe, Sir John Frederick, Sir Robert Holt, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Thom. Littleton, Mr. Marvill, Lord Ri-okardson, Sir Geo. Downing, Mr. Waller, Sir Thom. Meeres,

Colonel Windham, Mr. Peircy Goreing, Mr. Swynfen, Sir Thomas Bloudworth, Mr. Jolly, Mr. Richard Sir

John Cordon, Do^ior Burwell, Sir Wm. Tkcmpfon, Sir John Brampfcon, Sir Edw. SeyColonel Kirkby, Mr.

King, Sir Ralph Hare, Mr. Hobby, Sir Hen. Cwfar, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Whorwocd, Sir Thom. Allen, Sir Thomas Lee,

Mr. Ratcliffs, Sir Adam Browne, Sir Wm. Terringham: And they are to meet on Monday at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers* and Records:

A Bill for settling the Estate of Sir Edward Moseley Baronet, deceased, was tendered; and received.

Ordered, That this Bill be read on Monday next.

Resolved, &c. That a Committee be appointed to consider of the Abuses in Woodmongers, Wharfingers, Carmen, and others, in advancing the Prices of Wood, Coals, and Fuelling; and also of the Abuses of such as do adr vance the Price of Victuals, or of Hay, Oats, and Provender; and to peruse the former Laws to the Seizing of Wood, and other Matters, and fee wherein they are defective , and bring in a Bill or Bills for Redrel's of the Abuses before-mentioned:

And that it be referred to Mr. Waller, Sir John Duncombe, Colonel Birch, Serjeant Mainard, Sir John Birkenhead, Mr. Pryn, Sir Thom. Higgons, Mr. Morice, Sir Charles Harbord, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Pepis, Sir Lee, Colonel Philips, Sir John Knight, Mr. Garrawey, Sir Edw. Wallpoole, Sir Job Charlton, Sir Robert Holt, Sir Hen. Ctefar, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir John Bennett,

Lake, Mr. Steward, Mr. Coleman, Sir Thomas Littleton, Sir Wm. Doyley, Sir Wm. Coventry, Sir Geo. , Sir

Thomas Gower, Sir Solom. Swale, Sir Thomas Meeres, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Humphry Wynch, Sir And

all the Members of the House that shall come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Bill for alluring the Moiety of the Manor of Iron-Aston unto Sir John Poynz be read the Second time on Monday next.

Ordered, That the Report concerning the Election of Winchelsea be heard on Wednesday next.

Sir Thomas Meeres reports, from the Conference had with the Lords upon the Poll- Bill, several Amendments and Additions, delivered at the Conference, to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence , and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

And the Amendments being once read;

The First Amendment being to omit the Clause in the Bill for putting a double Assessment upon Aliens and Non-conformists, was read the Second time and the First Part, as to Aliens, debated.

The Question being propounded. That there be Di-ftindtion of Aliens;

And the Question being put. That the Question bj put;

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put. That this House doth agree with the Lords as to that Part of the Amendment concerning Aliens;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers.

} With the Yeas, 58.

U£2S£ }

And so it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, &c. That the House do now adjourn.

The House adjourned, accordingly, till Morn-

ing, Eight oif the Clock.

Die

Journals of the House of Commons.

A. i

Die Lun<zy Januar, 180 Car. II‘".

Prayers.

A Bill for alluring the Moiety of the Manor of Iron-AElon unto Sir John was read the Second

time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Lord Herbert, Mr. Westphaling, Sir John Talbott, Sir Robert Howard, Mr. Lucy, Sir John Moreto Sir John Sir

John Birkenhead, Colonel Kirkby, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Mr. Churchill, Mr. Marvill, Sir Throckmorton,

Sir Thom. Clergis, Colonel SaColonel Windham, Sir

Clifford Clifton, Sir Edw. Masters, Sir John Knight, Sir Hugh Windham, Sir John Mainard, Mr. Hatton, Sir Robert Atkins, Colonel Legg, Sir Richard Oateley, Mr. Graham, Mr. Morgan, Colonel Phillips, Mr. Morice, Sir Herbert Price, Mr. George, Sir Thom. Higgons, Mr. Mallett, Sir Edw. Phillips, Mr. Grimes, Sir John Knight, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Sollicitor: And they are to meet To-

morrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber; and to summon and hear all Persons as are concerned; and to peruse the Deed of Settlement: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Bill for settling the Estate of Sir Edw. Moseley be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, for settling Part of the Lands of Thomas Leigh Esquire, for Payment of his Debts, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill concerning Sir Thomas Higgons be read on Thursday Morning after Ten of the Clock.

The House then resumed the Debate of that Part of the Amendment, sent from the Lords, concerning a double Assessment upon Nonconformists to be omitted in the Poll- Bill.

The Question being put. To agree to the Lords' Amendment, in leaving the Clause touching Nonconformists out of the Poll- Bill

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Tellers,

For the Noes,

Sir Solom. Swale, 7 r u v

Ut.Lov.Uc, 1 For the Yeas, ,26.

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The rest of the Amendments, from the First, to the Amendment to the 29 Line of the 5th Skin, were postponed.

The Amendments to the 29 Line of the 5 Skin, and the following Amendments to the Amendment for adding additional Commissioners Names, were twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed: But That Amendment was postponed.

The Lords Amendments to the 17 Skin, Line the 5th and 6th, for altering the 15 of January "to the First of February; and Skin 18 th, Line the 16th, being to read " Fifteenth," instead of " First;"..

The House agreed with these additional Amendments following; viz. 18 Skin, Line the 17, instead of " Eighth," read " Three-and-twentieth Line the 20th, instead of " Eighth," read " Three-and-twentieth."

Line the 26th, instead of " Fifteenth," read " Thirtieth"

19 Skin, Line 2, instead of the " 20 of March," read " 4th of April."

Line the 9th, instead of the " 30th of March," read " the 13 of April."

The Question being put, That the House be adjourned;

The House was divided.

The Noes went out.

Tellers,

* *, 7

* *, J

Sir Tho. Meres,

Sir John Cory ton And so it was resolved in the Affirmative,

For the Noes, 83. Tellers for the Yeas, 52.

Ordered, That Sir Fran. Leake be added to the Committee to which the Bill for Wakefield Common is committed.

Ordered, That the Report concerning Printing be made on this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe be added to the Committee concerning Wood and CoaL

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morn* ing, Eight of the Clock.

DieMartts, 8° Januariiy 18° Car. II41.

Prayers.

f'xRdered, That the Committee to which the Bill touch- ing the Common of Outwood was committed, be revived; and do fit Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer-Chamber.

Ordered, That all Committees which were discontinued, be revived , and do fit this Afternoon, in the Places formerly appointed.

A Bill to enable Sir Charles Stanley to make Leases of Lands for Payment of Debts, and providing Portions for his Children, was read.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time on Friday next.

An ingrossed Bill, to enable Thomas Leigh Esquire to fell Part of his Lands for Payment of his Debts, was read.

The Question being put. That the Bill do pals j

It palfed in the Negative.

A Petition of Wm. Read and Charles Raworth was read.

The Petitioners being called in to the Bar of this House *, and the Petition shewed them; did own it to be their Petition; and that it was subscribed by them.

Ordered, That this Petition be referred to, the Committee formerly appointed to consider of the Patent of the Canary Company; to examine the Matter of Fadb; and report it to the House; And that the Committee be revived , and do fit Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Place formerly appointed.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Meres do desire a free Conference with the Lords upon the Subjetft-Matter of the last free Conference, upon the Bill against Importing of Foreign Cattle; and also desire a Conference with the Lords upon the Subject-Matter of the last Conference, upon the Bill for taking the publick Accompts: And that the Lords be desired to proceed in the Bill: And that the Persons formerly nominated do manage the Conferences.

The Question . ., That the Report of the Reasons for the Conference on the Bill of Accompts be now heard

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Sir Thomas Meeres reports, from the Committee appointed to draw up Reasons for the Conference to be had with the Lords upon the Bill for taking the publick Ac? compts, several Reasons, agreed by the Committee; Which he opened; and read in his Place: And the feme Were again read; and were as fofloweth;

1 ft, That, according to the right and settled Course <rf Parliament upon Bills, neither a Bill, nor any Part thereof

is to be communicated to his Majesty by either House, until the Whole be agreed by both Houses.

2d, This Way of proceeding imposeth upon, and takes away, the Freedom of Debate and Resolution in the Houses of Parliament, and betwixt the said Houses.

gel. This Way of proceeding doth directly tend to the Dcltroying of the due Correspondence of the Two Houses each with the other, in Palling of Bills, and That which ought afterwards to be, from the Two Houses to his Majesty.

4th, That ... this Way of proceeding, his Majesty will give his Answer, not in the Presence of his House of Commons, according to the Course of Parliament, concerning Matters contained in Bills relating to the whole Realm.

5th, This Way of proceeding is without Precedent: And this Reason only was, by your Lordships, offered as sufficient, Why the House of Lords lately refused to agree with the Commons in Taking of the fad Accompts in a Way proposed by them.

The First of the Reasons was read the Second time.

T he Question being put, T o approve of the First Reason i The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

T ellers.

Sir Robert Howard, ? . v

Sir Tbm. Meres, J For the Yeas, 107.

Sir John Monson, 7 For die Noes 82

Sir John Pelham,f taUie INocS*2,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Second Reason was read the Second rime; and, upon the Question, approved of.

The Third Reason was read the Second time; and, upon the Question, approved of.

The Fourth Reason was read the Second rime} and, upon the Question, approved of.

The Fifth Reason was read the Second time j and, upon the Question, approved of.

Ordered, That Mr. Solliditor-Genefal be added to the Persons appointed to manage the Conference;

The House then proceeded to the further Consideration of the Amendments* sent from the Lords, to the Poll- Bill.

The Amendment to the Second Line of the Twenty-fourth Skin was read the Second time; and postponed.

The Amendments to the Thirteenth Line of the Twenty-sixth Skin was read the Second rime.

The Question being put, To agree with the Lords in this Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The Amendment to the Twenty-first Line of the Twenty-seventh Skin was read the Second time j and, on the Question, agreed to.

The Clause, sent from the Lords, to be inserted between the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Skin, was twice read.

The Question being put, to agree to the First Part of the Amendment for assessing the Lords by Commissioners to be nominated by themselves j It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put. To agree to the latter Part of the Clause, for Commissioners to be nominated by the Lords for afieffing the Servants of the King's Houshold j It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Sir JVm. , Mr. , Sir

Thomas Lee, Mr. Mountague, be added so the Lord Norris' Committee.

The rest of the Amendments, which were postponed, were read the Second time; and, upon the Question, severally disagreed.

Ordered, That it be referred to Sir Thomas , Sir Thom. Clerges, Sir Charles Harbord, Mr. , Mr.

Williams, Serjeant Charlton, Sir Thomas Gower, Sir Robert Atkins, Mr. Bufcawen, Serjeant Mainard, Mr. Seymour, or any Three of them, to prepare and draw up Reasons for the Conference to be had with the Lords on the Poll- Bill.

Die Mercurii, 9° 'Janua, 1 Car. Ir".

Prayers.

A Bill for settling certain charitable tries* appointed b)t Henry Hilton Esquire, deceased, was read;

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second rime Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Job Charlton reports from the Chlhmittfce of Elections, touching the Election of a Baron for the Port of Winchelsea, between Mr. May and Mr. Anftin, upon

the Petition exhibited by Mr. May, That the Committee had examined the Matter , and heard the Evidence on both Sides: And that it did appear. That the Mayor of Win* chelfta had not, within one Year next before his Election* taken the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper* according to the Rights of the Church of England: And that therefore, the Committee, upon Perusal of the Clause in the Act of Parliament for Regulating of Corporations* which injoins the Taking of the Sacrament* were of Opinion, That the Return, made by the Mayor, of the Election of Mr; Austin to serve for that Place, was not good *, but the Election void.

Which Matter being debated;

Resolved, &c. That the Debate of the Matter touching the Election for Winchelsea, be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sir Robert Howard reports. That they had attended the free Conference with the Lords upon the Bill to prevent the Importation of Irish Cattle j and the Conference upon the Bill for taking the pubkek Accompts, according to the Direction of the House.

The ingrossed Bill for Burying in Woolen only waj. read.

The Question being put, That the Bill do pass j The House was divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers,

} For the Yeas, 113. J For the Noes, 53.

Lord Herbert,

Sir Get). Downing

Sir Lane. Lake,

Sir Hen. Bellafisi

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, &c. That the Title be* An Act for Burying in Woolen only.

Arid theri the House adjourned rill Tomorrow Mom- ing. Eight of the Clock.

Die Jovis, 1 o° Januarii, t8e Car. II41. Prayers.

rXRdered, That Sir Richard have the Leave

of this House to go into the Country* to atterid the Funeral of Mr. Edgcombe, his Father, lately deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the' Clerk of the Crown, to snake out a Writ, for electing a new Member to serve for the Borough of Newport in the County of Cornwall, instead of Mr. Edgcombe, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Bagnall have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Writ, for electing a new Member to serve for the Borough of Plympton; in the County of Devon, instead of Sir Edmund

tefeue, lately deceased.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning. Eight of the Clock.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir JttJlinian Lewen and Sir Moundeford Brampfion j *8H Mr,

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable and his

Trustees, to fell certain Lands for Payment of Debts: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. They have also commanded us to acquaint you. That they have agreed to the Bill concerning the Earl of Cleeveland: And -do desire a present Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, on the Bill concerning the Encouraging of Coinage: And have returned you the Bill concerning the Lord Sirangford, with one Amendment.

The Meflfengers were called in: And Mr. Speaker acquaints them, That the House had agreed to a present Conference. - '7 h

.. Ordered, That Sir Solom. Sw, Mr. , Mr. Bryn,

Mr. Bufcawer.y Sir Them. Gower, Sir Geo. Sir

Wtn. Lowther,-Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Steward,- Sir Thom.. Littleton, Sir Them. be appointed

to manage the Conference.

Six.Geo. Downing reports from the Conference had with . the Lords, upon the Bill concerning Coinage, That the Lord Anglesey did manage the Confer nee; and that there

was delivered, at the Conference, a Paper of the Particu-. larsj wherein the Lords.did agree orciifagree.in the Amendments lent from this House: W hich Paper he read.

And the same being twice read j and this House agreeing With<he Lords.j.

Ordfr*4*lThat.jthe. Bill be amended according to the Particulars agreed; and returned to the Lords.,

The Amendment to the Lord Bill was

twice read; and, on the Question, agreed.

Die V enerisy 1TJ a/tuarii, 18" Car. Ii

Prayers.

A Bill for settling certain charitable U&s upon the Will of Henry Hilton Esquire, deceased, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir Edm. Bowyer, Sir John Talbott, Sir , Sir Edm.

Wallpoole, Sir Lane...Lake, Sir Adam Browne, Sir

Clarke, Sir Clifford Clifton, Mr. Onslow, Sir Cha. Harbor d, Mr. Morice, Mr, Steward, Mr. Sir So-

lom. Swale, Mr. Waller, Sit John Morton, Sir Thom. Allen, Sir Robert Atkins, Colonel Gilby, Sir Thomas gons, Mr. Finch, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Sir John Bramp-ston, Sir John Birkenhead, Colonel Greg, Sir John -ley. Sir Thom. Higgons, Mr. Bryn, Sir Thom. Gower, Mr. Crouch, Lord Richardson, Serjeant Sets, Sir Geo. Downing, Mr. Jay, Mr. Coventry, Sir Thom. Doctor

Burrell, Colonel Pudsey, Mr. Colonel

Sir John Talbott, Serjeant Mainard, Colonel Sandys, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Sherrard, Mr. Low, Mr. Pleydall, Mr. Corners Darcy, Sir Fran. Anderson, Mr. John Lowther, and all the Members of this House that serve for the several Counties of Torke, and

Middlesex, and the Town of Newcastle: And they are to meet at Two of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to take care for indemnifying the Trustees in the Execution of the Trust: And to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

: Sir John Talbott reports, from the Committee to which the Bill.for Sale of an House in CheJwick,:(or Payment of the Debts of Edw. Russell Esquire, was: committed, some Amendments agreed to be made to the Bill: Which he read, -<frith the Coherence; and delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table. And the Amendments, being twice read, were, on the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Serjeant Mainard reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for Relief of poor Prisoners was committed, some Amendments agreed to be made; a Proviso to be added; and also an enacting Clause concerning the County of von; to be made Part of the Bill: Which he read, with Che; Coherence; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table. And the Amendments and Proviso. were twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed.

*~But the enacting Clause, as to the County of Devon, being twice read;

And some Debate arising thereupon;

Resolved ',&c. That the Bill and enacting Clause be recommitted to the former Committee, or any Three of therfi, upon the present Debate: And the Committee is revived; and to meet, in the Place formerly appointed.

The House then resumed the Matter of Debate of the Election for the Port of Winchelsea

The Question being put. To agree with the Committee of Elections, That the Return, made by the Mayor of Winchelsea of the Election of Mr. Aujlin to serve for that Place, was not good; but the Election void;

The House was divided.

The Noes went out.

Tellers,

-Col ont^miiarns, } FortheNocs> 138-. And lb it passed in the Negative.

- Resolved, &c. That Mr. Aufiin was duly elected for the Port of Winchelsea; and ought to fit.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Mom-‘ . ing, Eight of the Clock.

Ordered, That all Members that shall come, have Voices at the Committee, to which the Bill for settling the Prices upon Wine was committed.,

An ingrossed Bill to enable Sir Thomas Higgons to receive Satisfaction for. Four thousand Five hundred and Fifty Pounds, due to the late Countess of was read.

A Writing, purporting an Ordinance of Parliament, dated the Twenty-eighth of September 1646, was read.

The Clause in the Act of Indemnity was twice read: And the whole Matter debated.

The Question being put. That this Bill do pass 5

The House was divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers,

Sir Gilbert Talbott,

Mr. Waller,

Mr. Seymour,

Mr. Swynfen,

And so it passed in the Negative.

1

1

For the Yeas, 64. For the Noes, 88.

Ordered, That the Lord St. John, Sir John,

be added to the Committee to whom the Bill concerning the Lord Norris is committed.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill concerning Duelling is committed, be revived; and do fit this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Place formerly appointed.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill for Certiorari's and Habeas corpus is committed, be revived; and do fit this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Place formerly appointed.

Resolved, &c. That all Business be laid aside Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock: And that this House do then proceed upon tire Poll- Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of tire Clock.

Die Sabbati, 11° Janua 18 IIdI.

Prayers.

ORdered, That Sir Charles Stanley's Bill be read the Second time on Monday next.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the -Clerk of the Crown, to make a Writ, for electing a new Member to serve for the Town of Prest on in the County of Lancaster, in the stead of Dcftor deceased.'

A Bill for settling the Estate of Sir Edward Moseley Baronet was read.

Ordered, That the Bill be read the Second time, at Ten of the Clock, on Tucftday Morning.

Ordered, That the Report of Sir Seymour s Bill

be heard the first Business on Monday Morning.

Sir Thomas Clergis reports, from the Committee appointed to draw up Reasons for the Conference to be had -'with the Lords, upon the Amendments to the Poll- Bill, several Reasons agreed by the Committee: Which he read; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table. And the Reasons being twice read; and some Amendments, Omissions, and Alterations, being, upon the Question, feve-tally approved *, and are as followeth; viz.

As to Aliens;

i. Aliens, in all times, have been doubly charged, and sometimes much more; and, in some Acts, solely charged: And it might give Offence to Denizens and free Subjects to be equally charged with Aliens.

2. It cannot be reasonably intended, that his Majesty's Proclamation in favour of Strangers should put them into a better Condition in Time of War, when all his natural Subjects are so highly charged, than ever they were in Times of Peace.

3. Aliens cannot, in Reason, expect to be eased from Being doubly charged, they being exempted from all Burdens of Offices of Charge, which are undergone by the King's natural Subjects.

Adding Names by the Lords — disagreed It hath been observed, that, in all Acts of Subsidies, and of Poll-Money, the greater the Number of the Commissioners, the lei's Money hath been raised , for many Commissioners incumber one the other, and rather procure the Ease of themselves, and their many Friends, than the Advance of the King's Service, and the publick Benefit.

The Clause concerning Charters of Exemption:

All or most Charters or Patents of Exemption have been granted, before any of the Acts mentioned in this Clause were Laws: So that, although no such Grants can operate upon subsequent Adds of Parliament, yet, because much Trouble hath # *.

Ordered, That Mr. Steward do go up to the Lords, to desire a Conference on the Amendments to the Poll- Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir ‘Thomas Eftcourt and Sir JuJlinianLewen;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down Two Bills; the one intituled, An Act for Illegitimation of the Children of the Lady Anne Rocs , the other inutuled. An Act for restoring Francis Scawen Gentleman in Blood: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Ordered, That the Two Bills delivered in this Day, touching the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, be read on Monday Morning.

Mr. Steward reports. That the Lords had agreed to a presentConference on the Poll- Bill, in the Painted Chamber.

A Petition of the Merchant-Adventurers in the Trade of France was read.

The Question being put. That the Petition be committed j

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put. That his Majesty be cefircd, that the Petitioners Good? be landed

The House was divided*

The Yeas went out.

Tellers,

m"5; } 43.

Statihwvng, } For the No"> 64-

And lo it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, &c. That the House be Called on Monday

next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Lunas, 14° Januarii, 18 Car. IIII.

Prayers.

A Petition of Henry Howard of , Sir Wml

Terringham Knight of the Bath, Samuel Sandys the elder, and Robert Phillips, Esquires, and Sir Matthew Hcl-worthy Knight, and Thomas Pinfold Gentleman, on the Behalf of themselves, and other Adventurers in the Great Level of the Fens, was read.

A Bill forascertaining the Taxes to be imposed on Part of the Lands lying in Bedford Level was read.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time on nesday Morning.

Ordered, That the Report of Sir Seymour S her ley* Bill be heard, the first Business, Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Matter of Breach of Privilege, complained of to be committed by one Thomas White, in causing Mr. Chowne,a Member of this House, to be arrefied in

an Action for a vast Sum of Money, for Words pretended to be lpoken; and that such Arrest was on the Lord's-Day, as he was coming from Church , be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to summon and hear both Parties; and report the Matter, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to which the Matter touching Coal and Fuel was referred, be heard Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report of Sir John Poyntz his Bill be heard on Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report of the Committee touching Printing be heard on Thursday Morning.

Ordered, That the Two Bills concerning the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament be read Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Lewen

and Sir Thomas Eftcourt;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a present Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Bill concerning Foreign Cattle: And also another Conference, at the same time, on the Poll- Bill.

The Mdfengers being called.in; Mr. Speaker did acquaint them, That the House had agreed to the Conferences.

Sir Robert Howard reports from the Conference had , with the Lords, upon the Bill concerning drifts Cattle, That the Duke of Buckingham did manage the Conference; And that, jhis Lordship acquainted them, That although there were Reasons for rejecting the Word " Nuisance;'* yet the Lords, being willing to continue a good Correspondence with the House of Commons, had contented,

' That the Word " Nuisance" should Hand in the Bill.

Mr.

3

676 Journals of the Hoitfe of Commons. 1666:

Mr. Sollicitor-General reports, from the Conference had with the Lords upon the Poll- Bill, That the Lords had agreed with this House in all Things, saving. That, instead of the former Clause for the Lords taxing themselves, they had fentdown another Clause, instead of it, according to the Precedent in the former Poll- Bill: And that the Lords taking Confederation, that the Bill had been long in passing, and of the Shortness of Time between this and the of February .* so that if that Day, and other the Days limited in the Bill, and proposed by the additional Amendments, sent from this House, should stand, the Act could not be put in effectual Execution; and therefore the Lords had proposed new Amendments for altering the Days throughout: Which Amendments he read; as also the Clause, sent from the Lords, to be added, instead of the former.

And the Amendments and Clause, being delivered in at the Clerk's Table, were twice read j and, upon the Question, severally agreed to,

Ordered, 1'hat the Amendments be inserted, and the Clause fixed to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Lord Saint John do carry up the Bill touching Coinage to the Lords and acquaint them, That the House hath agreed to the Lords Amendment to that Bill; and also to the Amendments and Proviso last sent down to the Poll- Bill: And do put the Lords in mind of the Bill for taking the publick Accompts.

The House being Called over , and several Members having made Default in attending,

Ordered, That the Names of the Defaulters be called over on Friday next.

Ordered, That the House be Called over on Friday next come Stvennight.

Ordered, That the Bill to compel the Members to give their Attendance on the Service of this House be read T o-morrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Martis, 150 Januar, 18° Car. II41.

Prayers.

MR. Crouch reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for confirming a Settlement of Sir Seymour j was committed, several Amendments agreed to be made to the Bill: Which, being read j and after, delivered in at the Clerk's Table; and twice read , were, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

And an Amendment being proposed; and, upon the Question, agreed *, and made to the Bill at the Table;

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Committee, upon the Bill concerning poor Prisoners, be revived; and do fit at Two of the Clock this Afternoon: And that Sir John Cory ton. Sir fThom.Gower, Sir Thom. Clerges, Sir Edm. Peirce, Mr. Millward, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Thomas Littleton, Sir Gifford Clifton, Colonel Kirkby, Mr. Cheyne, Mr. Hoby, Sir IVm. Kelligrew, Colonel Sandys. Sir Edm. Bowyer, Colonel Birch, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Tayler, Mr. Crouch, Co-

lonel Phillips, be added to the Committee.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Stanley's Bill be read the first Bill Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Pryn reports from the Committee to which the Matter touching Coal and Fuelling was committed, That the Committee had examined the Matter; and heard the Coal-Merchants, Woodmongers, and Carmen; and had agreed on a Report: Which, being in Writing, he read;

and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: And the fame, being read, was as followeth; viz.

That the principal Cause of the present extraordinary Price of Seacoals was, the Want of a sufficient Convoy the last Summer to guard the Colliers; and Prefiing of their able Seamen on board their Ships for his Majesty's Service.

That they conceive, the most effectual Means to bring down the excessive Prices of Coals to a moderate Proportion, is for this House to make an humble Address unto his Majesty, That a convenient Convoy may he speedily provided to guard the Coal-Ships to and from Newcastle; and to grant a Protection to Four able Seamen in each Ship of One hundred Ton, and to Six in a Ship of Two hundred Tons, and to Eight in a Ship of Three hundred Ton, from being prefied in his Majesty's Service.

They also command me to report. That Sir Edm. Godfry, a Woodmonger in Westminster, confefied to this Committee, when the Woodmongers appeared before them, That he, and others, then fold Coals to poor People at the Price of Two Shillings the Bushel, at his Wharf, which amounts to Three Pounds Twelve Shillings per Chaldron; though he sustained no Loss in his Coals or Fuel by the Fire, as most of the Woodmongers in London did; and his Coals, when he bought them, cost but Forty-one Shillings per Chaldron, or Forty-seven Shillings at the most , and he had One Chaldron in every Score, and Two Shovels of Coals to each Bushel, freely allowed into the Bargain: Which they repute a very great Extortion and Oppression, especially to poor People, and worthy the Consideration of this House.

And That being read, which relates to an Address to be made to his Majesty to provide a Convoy, the Second time;

The Question being put, to agree with the Committee, That this House do make an humble Address unto his Majesty, That a convenient ConVoy may be speedily provided to guard the Coal-Ships to and from Newcastle; and to grant a Protection to Four able Seamen in each Ship of a Hundred Ton, and to Six in a Ship of Two hundred, and to Eight in a Ship of Three hundred Ton, from being prefied in his Majesty's Service j

The House was divided.

The Noes went out.

T ellers,

M£& } the Yeas, 6*

HSlT'X:"' } 47-

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Members of this House, who are of his Majesty's Privy-Council, do attend his Majesty with this Address.

Ordered, That the Members of this House, who are of his Majesty's Privy-Council, do attend his Majesty with this Vote.

Ordered, That the Report against Atheism and Pro-faneness be made Tomorrow, the first Report.

Ordered, That the Two Bills touching Elections, and a Third Bill for the Attendance of Members on the Service of this House, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Die Mercurii, i6° 'Januariiy 18° Car. II41.

Prayers.

QRdered, That it be referred to Mr. Speaker to examine the Matter of Breach of Privilege, objected, to be committed by Benjamin Man, in causing William and Richard Gilbert, Servants to Mr. Norden, to be arrested and imprisoned at the Suit of Mr. Hawles; and to give Order for their Discharge: And that all Proceedings against them be staid during the Session of Parliament.

Ordered,

Ordered, That the House do positively proceed, at Ten of the Clock, on the Bill of Assessment; and will . resolve into a Committee of the whole House for that Furpoie.

A Pill to enable Sir Charles Stanley to make Leases of Lands for the Payment of Debts, was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill be Committed to Lord An cram, Mr. Mount ague, Colonel , Sir IVm. Lowther, Sir ‘Thom. Allen, Sir John Mr. Hungerford,

Sir Thom. Higgons, Sir Solom. Swale, Mr. Bufcawen,

Dofter Arris, Sir Fran. Clarke, Mr. Mr.

Morice, Lord Herbert, Sir Edw. Sir Roger

Bradshaigh, Colonel Kirkby, Mr. Mr. Hobby, Mr.

Waller, Sir Thom. Gower, Sir Richard Ttmple. Sir Edw. Masters, Mr. Tayler, Mr. ~D aim ahoy. Sir Thom. Clergis, Mr. Rous, Colonel Whitley, and all the Members that serve for the County of Lincolne: And they are to meet . at Two of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That this Bill be read on Saturday next, at Ten of the Clock.

An ingrossed Bill, for settling an Estate in Trust, For the Benefit of Mrs. Eliz. Prid, and her Children, was read.

Resolved, See. That the Bill do pass*: And that the Title shall be. An Act for settling an Estate in Trust, for the Benefit of Mrs. Eliz. Pride, and her Children'.

A Bill for restoring Francis Scawen Gentleman, in Blood, was read.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time To-inorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Henry Clarke, living at the Sign of The Three Tobacco-Pipes in Greene's-Alley in be

sent for in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, for his Breach of Privilege, and Misdemeanor, in beating and abusing John Goddard, menial Servant and Coachman to Sir James Thynn, a Member of this House.

Ordered, That a Message be sent up to the Lords, by Sir Edw. Wallpocle, to put them in mind of the Business of the Patent of the Canary Company, and the Impeach-

ment against the Lord Mordant; and to desire them to take those Matters into Consideration.

A MefTage from the Lords, by Sir Jujtinian and Sir Moundcford Brampston;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Ascertaining the Bounds of the several Rectories of Swaffham Saint Cyriac, and of ham Saint Mary's, within the Town of Swaffham Prior

in the County of Cambridge, and for the Uniting of the

Two Churches there: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House: And they have returned you Mr.

Mildmay's Bill, with one Amendment.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the Whole House, to proceed on the Bill of Assessmenc.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steward took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steward reports. That the Committee of the whole House had made a great Progress in the Bill of Assessment fdr his Majesty's Supply , and humbly moved. That the House would appoint a Committee to ascertain the Quarterly Times of Payments in the said Bill, and to make them cohere with the Bill.

Resolved, Sec. That if be referred to Sir Wm.

Sir Fran. Clarke, Sir Thom. Littleton, Sir Robert Holt, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Steward, Sir Charles Harbord, or any Three of them, to prepare aClause to ascertain the Two first Months and Quarterly Payments in the Bill of Assessment, and to make the same to cohere with the Bill.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Littleton and Sir lien. Capell be added to Mr. Hilton's Bill for charitable Uses.

Ordered, That all Committees depending be revived; and do fit this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Places formerly appointed.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill and Report, appointed to be read and made this Morning, be read and made Tomorrow Morning.

And then the Hoyfe adjourned till To-moitow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

\ \

Ordered, That William and Richard Gilbert, Servants to Mr. Norden, a Member of this House, being, as is informed, arrested and imprisoned at the Prosecution of one Mr. Thomas Hawles, upon a Contempt, for not obeying a Decree in Chancery, contrary to the Privilege of this House, be discharged of their Imprisonment during the Session and Privilege of Parliament.

Ordered, That the Matter of the Breach of Privilege, alleged to be committed by Mr. Thomas Hawles, in causing William and Richard Gilbert, Servants to M,r. Norden, a Member of this House, to be arrested and im-prifemed, upon a Contempt, for disobeying a Decree in Chancery, be referred to the Committee ol Privileges; so examine the Matter , and report it, with their Opinions

1 to the House.

- *

Ordered, That the Bill, sent from the Lords, for uniting Parilfies In the Town of Southampton, be read. To-morfow Morning, the first Bill.

Ordered, That the Report of Sir John Bill Be heard the first Report Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for ascertaining the Taxes to be imposed on Part of the Lands lying in Bedford Level was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Gower, Mr. Walden, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Edw. Masters, Mr. Williams, Sir Hen. Capell, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Steward, Mr. Garraway, Sir Nico. Carew, Sir Hen. Cafar, Serjeant Seis, Sir Solom, , Mr. Robarts, Mr. Bufcawen,' Serjeant Mr.

Prynn, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Sir

Littleton, Sir John Morton, Sir Wm. Sir Thom.

Lee, Mr. Biifcawen, Mr. Mallett, Mr. Grey, Sir. Roger

Bradshaigh, Lord Torrington, Lord John, Mr.

phaling. Sir John Heath, Sir Fran. Leake, Colonel Kirkby, Sir Hugh Windhamj Sir John Buncombe, Mr. Coleman, Sir Richard Oateley, "Mr. Rigby, Sir Geo. Reeve, Sir

Terrtngham, Sir Fran. WenmaSir and

all the Members that serve for the County adjoining unto Or into which the Level of the Fens, called Bedford Levels ' doth extend: And all the Members of this House that shall come are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer-Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers,' and Records'.

Die Jovis, xf Januarity i8° Car. IIdi.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, for the Illegiti-mation of the Children of the Lady ,' was

Fead'.

A Petition of Henry Howard of Northfolke, and others,* being tendered to the House,. and read, on Monday iaft; and another Petition of Samuel Sandys the elder, a Member of this House, being tendered, and read, this Day; r Resolved, &c. That the said Petition be referred to the same Committee; to examine the Matter, and report it to the House: And if they shall find, that the Conveyances 8 I directed

678 Journals of the House Commons. A. 1

directed by the former Aik were tendered, and refused to be executed; then the Committee are to prepare and bring in a remedial Clause, to enforce Obedience to die Act, and an Execution of the Conveyances directed.

A Bill to prevent and punish the Defaults of Members of the Commons in Parliament, in neglecting their Attendance on the Service of the House.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time on Saturday next.

A Bill for Qualifying of Persons to elect Members to serve in Parliament was read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time on Saturday next.

A Bill to prevent Surprizes and Abuses in Electing of Members was read.

Ordered, That this Bill read the Second time on Saturday next.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir 'Thomas EJlcourt and Sir Nathanael Hobart

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint you. That they have agreed with this House in the Bill for Burying in Woolen only, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Report against Atheism and Profane-ness be heard Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill to prohibit the Importation of French Manufactures was read.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time on Monday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Nathanael Hobart and Sir Thomas Eft court-,

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint you. That his Majesty will be at die House of Peers Tomorrow between Ten and Eleven a Clock, to pals the Poll- Bill, and such other Bills as are ready to be passed.

A Petition of divers Merchants, whose Names were subscribed to the Petition, on the Behalf of themselves, and other English Merchants, being tendered;

The Question being put. That the Petition be read;

The House was divided.

The-Yeas went out.

1 For the Yeas, 99.

Charles Harbord, For the Noes, 44-

And so it was refotved in the Affirmative.

And the Petition being read, and debated j

Resolved, &c. That the Petition be committed to Mr. Ashburnham, Mr. Carr away. Sir Solom. , Mr. Hen.

Coventry, Sir Robert Howard, Sir JVm. , Mr.

Jones, Sir Thom. Littleton, Sir John Birkenhead, Mr. Mill-

ward, Mr.' Swynfen, Sir Edw. Wallpoole, Mr. Morice, Sir Thom. Gower, Mr. Hungerford, Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Palmer, Sir Lan. Lake, Sir Thorn. Allen, Colonel Mill-ward, Mr. Mallet, Mr. St. John, Mr. Ford, Mr. Hender Robarts, Sir Thomas Lee, Colonel Windham, Mr. Solicitor, Sir Robert Holt, Serjeant Mainard, Sir Hugh Windham, Sir Richard Temple, Mr. Steward, Lord Mandevile, Sir Robert Brooke, Mr. Mainard, Mr. Mr. Crouch, Colonel Whitley, Mr. Cofferer, Sir Edw. Seymour, Sir Hen. Capell, Colonel Gil 'by, Colonel , Mr. pbaling. Colonel Sandys, Sir Allen Apftey, Mr.

Mr. Denny Ashbumham, Sir Richard Oateley, Lord bury. Sir John Heath: And all the Members that shall tome are to have Voices: And they are to meet, in the Exchequer-Chamber, Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon; and to examine. Whether the Petitioners Goods are the Proceed of English Commodities j and to

examine the Matter of the Petition; and report it, with their Opinion therein, to the House: And to lend for Persons. Papers, and Records. And they are also to tike the same of Richard Blajbford and Christopher Williams into Consideration; and report the Matter to the House.

Die Veneris, 180 Januar, 180 Car. II41.

Prayers.

f\Rdered, That the Committee to inquire after the Causes

of the Fire, and Insolency of Papills, be revived; and do fit this Afternoon.

Ordered, That all Committees which werediscontinued, be revived; and do lit this Afternoon, in the Places formerly appointed.

An ingrafted Bill, sent from the Lords, For uniting Parishes, and railing a Maintenance for Ministers, in the Town of Southhampton, was read.

Ordered, That this Ell be read the Second time on Monday next.

Mr. Steward reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for Settling of the Manor of Iron-Abton on Sir John Poyntz was committed, one Amendment agreed to be made to the Bill: Which he read; and the fame, being delivered in at the Clerk's Table, and twice read, was, on the Question, agreed.

Resolved, &c. That die Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrafted.

A Bill to prevent the Disturbances of Seamen, and others, and to preserve the Stores belonging to his Majesty's Navy Royal, was read.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, See.That all such Members Defaulters, whole

Exoufes shall not be allowed, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms.

The House then proceeded to die Calling-over the Members, who made Default in Attendance. And, feme Progress being made therein; —

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Usher of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend Him, forthwith, in the House of Peers.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went Op to attend his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker acquaints the House with the Reasons delivered by his Majesty for hailing the Supply; and for the Members going into the Country to put the Poll- Bill in Execution, and that his Majesty had declared. There should b« a Prorogation on Monday Sevennight next.

Ordered, That this House do. Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, positively, setting all other Buli-neis aside, proceed on the Bill for the monthly Assessment.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Cole and Mr. ProTtor;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint you, That the Lord Mordant had put in his Answer, in Writing, to the Articles of Impeachment sent up against him, from this House, to the Lords; and the Lords had sent a Copy of his Answer to this House: Which was delivered at the Clerk's Table.

The Question being propounded, That the House do proceed in Calling over the Members Defaulters;

The Question being put. That this Question be now put;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put, That the House do proceed in Calling over the Defaulters;

2 The

Ir

The House was divided.

The Noes went out.

Tellers,

} For «h. Yeas, ,08.

Mr } For the Noes, ,8.

And so it passed in the Negative.

The Lift of the Defaulters, sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, was twice read.

Resolved, &c. That it be referred to Sir Thomas Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Thom. Captain

Sir Nico. Cary, Sir Richard Sir Robert

Sir Jonathan T\relawny, Sir Gilbert , Sir Richard

Temple, Sir Lan. Lake, Mr. Sir Thorn.

Mr. Morice, Sir Fra*. Goodric, Sir , Sir

Thomas Lee, Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Mr.

Sir Goodrick, Sir Solom. Sir,

Mr. Norden, Mr. Swynfen, or any Three of them, to ex-

amine, What Charges the Serjeant hath been at in fending for the Members Defaulters; and who are come, and who are not; and report it, with their Opinions, What they think fit to be done therein as to Charges, and Recompence for Fees: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer-Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Sabbati, ig° Jan. 18° Car. IIdl.

Prayers.

A Debate being upon the Bill concerning the Lord Norris, That the Committee had sent Summons into Ireland to Colonel Cooke; but he being not come over, although he be only a Person named in Trust, the Committee did forbear to proceed on the Bill, without Leave of the House.

Resolved, &c. That the Committee to which the Bill concerning the Lord Norris was committed, do proceed on the Bill: And that the Committee be revived j and do fit this Afternoon at Two of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Bill to compel the Attendance of Members on the Service of the House be read this. Day, before the House do rife.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the Whole, to proceed on the Bill for the monthly Assessment. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steward took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steward reports. That the Committee had made some further Progress in the Bill of Assessment; and humbly moved. That the House would nominate a Committee to consider of the Proviso now read, and debated at the Committee, for ascertaiifing some Part of the Money to be raised by the Bill for the effectual Payment of the Navy, Officers, and Seamen.

And the said Proviso being twice read;

Resolved, &c. That the said Proviso be committed to Sir Geo. Downing, Sir George Downing, Sir Thomas Littleton, Mr. Garraway, Sir Thomas Gower, Mr. Bufcawen, Mr. Waller, Mr. Stewar, Sir Solom. Swale, Sir Thomas Clifford, Mr. Seymour, Sir Richard Temple, Sir Robert Howard, Sir Wm. Coventry, Sir Fran. Goodrick, Sir John Duncombe, Mr. Hen. Coventry, Sir Robert Carr, Colonel Williams, Sic Robert sitkins, Mr. Thomas Coventry, Mr. Sandys. Sir Wm. Thompson, Sir Philip Warwick, Sir Robert Brookes, Sir Thom. Cierges, Sir Edw. Wallpoole, Sir Wm. Lowther, Lord Allington, Colonel Birch, Mr. Cole-

man, Lord Combury, Mr. Pryn, Sir Thom. Lee, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Whorwood, Sir Thom. Sir John

Lowther \ or any Five of them: And they are to prepare and fit the same > or to consider of any other Expedient for making the same effectual for the Encouragement of

Seamen: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Fotlr of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill to prevent and punish the voluntary Absence of Members was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Millward, Sir George Downing, Mr. Garra-

way, Sir Robert Holt, Colonel Sandys, Sir Solom.

Mr. Prynn, Sir John Duncombe, Sir Thom. Clifford, Colo-

nel Whitley, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Sandys, Sir John kenhead,^. Bufcawen, Sir Robert Brookes, Colonel Sir Thom. Littleton, Mr. Ashburnham, Sir Thom.

Serjeant Charlton, Sir Wm. Gawdy, Sir Thom. Clergis, Sir Robert Howard, Sir John Talbott, Sir Robert Atkins, Mr. Swynfen, Sir Nicolas Cary, Sir Mr. Thomas,

Sir Wm. Coventry, Mr. Mountague, Sir Thom. Osborne, Sir Fran. Leake, Mr. Whorwood» Sir Wm. Lowther: And

all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers* and Records.

Resolved, &c. That, when the Proviso, committed, to be added to the Bill of Assessment, shall be ready to be reported, all other Business be laid aside for the Hearing thereof.

Resolved, See. That the Bills concerning Mr. Scaweri and Sir John Poyntz, and all other Bills appointed ,o be read this Day, be read on Monday Morning , unless the Report of the Proviso shall be then ready.

Resolved, See. That the Lord Mordant* % Answer to the Articles of Impeachment from this House be read on Monday Morning, the first Business.

Ordered, That the Report from the Commktee appointed to inquire into the Cantes of the late Fire be heard on T day Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Mown ing. Eight of the Clodc.

Die Luna, 21 ° Januarii, 18° IF1.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, for Restoring of Francis Scawen Gentleman, in Blood, was read the Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Third time. Which was done.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title be agreed to.

Ordered, That the Report From the Committee of Privileges, touching the Breach of Privilege committed by Thomas White against Mr. Chowne, a Member of this House, be heard Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for settling the Moiety of the Manor of Iron-Ailon on Sir John Poyntz was read.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be. An Act for settling the Moiety of the Manor of Iron-A£ton on Sir John Poyntz.

And the Lord Herbert is to carry up the Bill to the Lords.

Ordered, That the Report concerning Printing be heard on Wednesday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill, for the Illegitimation of the Children of the Lady Anne Roose, was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sofli-citor-General, Lord Herbert, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Jonathan Trelawney, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Mil-ward, Mr. Mom-

tague.

£8o Journals of the House of Commons. 1666.

Vague, Mr. Prynn, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Wm. Lowther, Mr. Mallelt, Mr. Rujjell, Sir 'Thomas Iliggons, Mr. West-

fhaling, Sir John Heath, Sir John Talbott, Sir John Alorton, Sir Charles liar lord. Sir John Sir Solom.

totwV, Mr. Hungerford, Sir Lan. Colonel Fran.

I IT i:.'ham, Serjeant Charlton, Sir Richard Lord

AUicram, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Scawen, Mr. Rigby, Mr. John Jiow, Mr. Will. Mount ague. Colonel Windham, Mr. ehitellGrey, Sir Thomas Ingram, Mr. Coleman, Sir Wm. Gawdy, Serjeant Sets, Sir John Duncombe, Doctor BurreV, Sir Them. Allen, Mr. Hobby, Lord Hawley, Mr. Hyde,

Sir Gilbert Talbott, Mr. John Mlllward, Sir Wm.

phin, Mr. Waller, Mr. George Mount ague. Sir George Reeves: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Bill concerning Mr. Rujjell be read die first Business Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill concerning the Town of Southampton be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill, for Confirmation of a Settlement of the Estate of Sir Seymour Shirley Earonet, was read.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill do pals: And that the Title shall be, An Act for Confirmation of the Settlement of the Estate of Sir Seymour Shirley Baronet.

Sir George downing reports, from the Committee appointed to prepare and bring in a Clause, and for retaining Monies to pay the Seamen, to be added to the Bill of the monthly Assessment, That the Committee had drawn up a Clause, according to the Direction of the House: Which he read; and delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

And the Clause being twice read j

Ordered, That the Clause be committed to the Committee of the whole House.

The Copy of the Lord Mordant's, Answer to the Articles of Impeachment, sent up against him from this House to the Lords, was read.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Lowther do go up to the Lords, to desire their Lordships to appoint a Day for proceeding on the Articles of Impeachment against the Lord Viscount Mordant; and to put them- in mind of the Bill for erecting a Judicature for determining Causes touching Houses burnt down or demolished by reason of the late Fire, which began in London; and desire them to take it into Consideration.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed on the further Debate of the fnonthly Assessment.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steward took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Wfn. Lowther reports an Answer, from the Lords, to the Message by him carried up to their Lordships, That they had appointed Saturday for proceeding on the Articles against the Lord Viscount Mordant: And, as to ther Matters in the Message, they will fend Answer by Mtflengers of their own.

Mr. Steward reports, from the Committee of the whole House, the several Amendments, Clauses, arid Provisoes, agreed by the Committee to be inserted and added to the Bill of the monthly Assessment: Which he read, with the Coherence; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: And the several Amendments, Clauses, and PrO-vifoes, were twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

A Proviso for Taxing of the Land belonging to Newport School in the County of Salop was tendered; and read the First time*-

The Question being put, That this Proviso be read the Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

A Proviso for Rating of the Borough of Thetford in the Counties of Notthfolke and Suffolke, to pay in such

County as it hath usually and formerly paid to publick Payments before 1648, and since his Majesty's Restoration, was tendered.

The Question being put. That this Proviso be read;

It paired in the Negative.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments* Clauses; and Provisoes, agreed to, be ingrossed.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, being ingossed* be read the Third time on Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill for punishing absent Members is committed, be revived; and do fit this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Place formerly appointed.

Resolved, &c. That the Report concerning the Petition of several Merchants trading to France be made Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock j nothing to intervene.!

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morn* ing, Eight of the Clock.

Die Martis, 2 2° yan. 18° IP*.

Prayers.

QRdered, That the Committee to which the Bill for

Relief of poor Prisoners wasi committed, be revived; and do fit this Afternoon.

An ingrossed Fill, for Sale of a Messuage in,

for Payment of the Debts of Edw. Esquire, de-

ceased, was read.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be, An Act for Sale of aMeffuage in for Payment of the Debts of Edward Rujjell Esquire, deceased.

And Mr. Russell is to carry up the Bill to the Lords.

A Bill to prevent the Disturbances of Seamen and others, and to preserve the Stores of his Majesty's Navy, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir Batten, Sit Wm. Lowther, Sir Sir Solom.

Swale, Sir Richard Ford, Mr. Bufcawen, Sir Wm. Coventry, Mr. Walden, Mr. George, Sir Clyfford Clyfton, Mr. Rigby, Sir Thom. Gower, Mr . Coventry, Mr. Hen. Whittaker, Mr. Sandys, Sir Thom. Allen, Colonel Gilby, Mr. Hungerford, Sir Richard Ford, Mr. Russell, Sir Robert Atkins, Colonel Williams, Colonel , Sir

Thom. Clerges, Sir Thomas Allen, Sir Edw. Majfey, Mr. Daniell, Lord Ancram, Lord Herbert, Sir John Mr. Mallett, Sir John Earnley, Mr. Millward, Mr. Coleman, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Edw. Wallpoole: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers* and Records: And that they have Leave to accept of a Proviso for such as are poor to take Administration gratis.

The Question Being put. That the Report from the Committee to which the Petition of the Merchants trading to France was committed, be now heard;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Tellers,

Lord Ancram, 1 For the Yeas, 45.

Mr. Coventry, j

Sir John Talbott, 7 For the Nocs y

Mr. Rigby, X rortneiNoes, 37.

And-so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Mr.-

681

Mr. Crouch reports from the Committee to which the Petition of the Merchants trading to on the Be*

half of themselves, and other Merchants, was committed, That the Committee had fully examined the Matter; and heard the Evidence offered on their Behalf *, and had agreed upon several Resolves: W hich he read \ and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

And the Resolves, being twice read, were as followeth; viz.

Resolved, &<;. That the Goods claimed by the Peti-

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Nathanael Hobart and Sir John Cole,

Mr. Speaker, That the House of Peers being acquainted, on the Behalf of the Lord Viscount,

That some material Witnesses his Lordship hath Occasion to make use of in his Defence to the Impeachment brought up by the House of Commons, are Members of that House; viz.Sir George Carteret, Vice-Chamberlain of his Majesty's Houshold; Sir John , Knight of the

Bath; Sir Richard Brabant, and Sir Thomas

tioners, now in the Ships, are the proper Goods of Eng- Knights; the Lords have thought fit to give Notice liftmen; and that no Part of them belong either to French, thereof to the House of Commons, that they may give Dutch, or any of his Majesty's Enemies. Directions for their Attendance at the Hearing.

Resolved, Sec. That the said Goods are the Products Refohed, That this House doth agree with the and Effects of English Commodities; and ..... no Money Lords, That the Members of this House, desired by their lent out of England for them. Lordships, have Leave to attend the Hearing of the Can lb

Resolved, Sec. That all the said Goods were laden in upon the Articles of Impeachment sent up against the Qdialer, and early in November, except one Parcel, which Lord Mordant.

was laden in November the Thirtieth.

And that the Committee is of Judgment, That the Persons concerned in these Goods are fit Objecfts for his Majesty's gracious Favour, and your Charity: And that you should be requested to present their fad Condition to his Majesty, and be Intercessors for their Relief.

Resolved, Sec. That this House doth agree with the Committee; and is of Opinion, That the Goods claimed by the Petitioners, now in the 'Ships in Question, are the

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords by Mr. Edw I Seymour, with the Names of such Witnesses as are to be examined to make out the Impeachment against: tire Lord Mordant: And that the Lords be desired to make forth a Summons for their Attendance at the Hearing; and to acquaint the Lords, That this House had given Leave to their Members to attend them at the Hearing against: the Lord Mordant.

Ordered, That Serjeant Mainard, Sir Robert

proper Goods of Englishmen; and that no Part of them Mr. Pryn, Serjeant Seis, Mr. Coleman, Sir Thom. Gower,

belong either to French, Dutch, or any of his Majesty's Enemies.

Resolved, &c.. That this House is satisfied. That the said Goods are the Products and Effects of English Commodities , and that there was no Money sent out of England for them.

Resolved, &c. That it did appear to this House, That all the said Goods were laden in October, and early in November last , saving only one Parcel, which was laden the Thirtieth of November.

Resolved, &c. That this House is of Opinion, That the Persons concerned in these Goods are fit Objects of his Majesty's gracious Favour: And that an Address be made, to present their fad Condition to his Majesty; and to int^cede for their Relief.

Resolved, Sec. That Mr. JohWadlow and Mr. Edward

Warner, having made out their same to be the same with the other Petitioners, be also included in the Address to be made to his Majesty.

Sir Richard Temple, Mr. Seymour, Sir Francis Goodrich, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Synfen, be appointed to manage the Evidence, at the Hearing, upon the Articles of Impeachment against the Lord Mordant.

Ordered, That the Report of the Bill concerning Sir Charles Stanley be made Tomorrow Morning, the first Business.

Sir Robert Brookes reports, from the Committee appointed to inquire into the Causes of the late Fire, the Examination of several Persons concerning the same: "Which he read in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Resolved, &c. That the Debate of the said Report be had Tomorrow Morning: And that the Report concerning Popery be then also heard.

Resolved, See. That the Report of the Bill concerning

The Question being propounded, That, if there be any Bedford Level be heard Tomorrow Morning.

other Cafes under the same Qualifications, his Majesty be desired to extend the same Favour towards the Persons concerned;

The Question being put. That this Question be now put,

The House was divided.

The Noes went out.

Tellers,

Lord Cornbttry,

Sir Allen Apfley,

Mr. Brunckard,

Sir Jo. Trelawney,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The main' Question being put, That, if there be any other Cafes under the same Qualification, his Majesty be desired to extend the same Favour to the Persons concerned;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

For the Noes, 70. For the Yeas, 84.

Tellers,

Lord Cornbury,

Sir Robert Howard, Mr. Hyde,

Lord Ancram,

For the Noes, For the Yeas,

84.

81.

And so it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, Scc. That the Lords Concurrence be desired to these Votes of this House: And that Mr. be desired to go up to the Lords for their Concurrence.

Resolved, See. That the Committee to which the Bill concerning Bedford Level was committed, be revived: And that Serjeant Fountainebe summoned, and heard this

Afternoon, What he hath to offer against the said Bill: And for that Purpose they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Place formerly appointed.

Ordered, That the Report concerning Atheism and Profaneness be made Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

A Bill against Importing of French Manufactures and Commodities was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed to Sir George Downing, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Higgons, Sir Doyley, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir John Heath, Sir Thom. Gower, Mr. Brunckard, Sir Allen Sir Robert Barn-

ham, Sir Norton Knatchbold, Colonel Birch, Mr. Pryn, Sir Solom. Swale, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Thom. Littleton, Sir Wm. Gawiy, Sir Edw. Maffey, Sir Wallpoole, Sir Edm. Pearfe, Sir Jonathan Trelawney, Mr. Comptroller, Lord Fitzharding, Sir Fran. Goodrich, Mr. Gar-raw ay, Mr. Jones, Sir Clifford Clifton, Mr. Waller, Mr. Hen. Coventry, Sir Wm. Thompjdn Mr. Jolly, Mr. Pepis, Sir Wm. Coventry, Mr. Coventry: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber. And it is referred to the same Committee, to consider of a Re- 8 K compence

compence to be made to his Royal Highness the Duke of Yorke; and report tlt. ir Opinions therein to the House.

Ordered, That the Suit brought by Loope against Mr. Finch be staid during the Session and Privilege of Parliament.

Resolved,&cc. That the Report concerning the Lord Norris be made Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, &c. That the Report concerning Printing be made before the Report concerning the Lord Norris.

Resolved, &c. That the Keeper of the Gatehouse be injoined to detain de Leur in safe Custody: And the Committee is to examine the Matter, How he came out of the Serjeant's Custody; and report it to the House: And the Committee is revived and to fit this Afternoon.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, to enable Leicester Grosvenor, and his Trustees, to fell certain Lands, for Payment of Debts, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House ad journed till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Di: Mercurii, 2 30 'Jan. 180 Ildl.

PR AYERS.

flRdered, That the Bill concerning Mr. Kendall be read, the first Business, Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report of the Lord Norris his Bill be heard, the first Report, Tomorrow Morning: And that Sir John Birkenhead do attend to make it.

Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill for felling Part of the Lands of Henry Mildmay Esquire, deceased and were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Ordered, That the Amendments, agreed to, be inserted into the Bill -, and the Bill returned to the Lords.

The Lord Ancram reports, from the Committee to which the Bill concerning Sir Charles Stanley was committed, some Amendments agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table. And the Amendments being twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed;

Rejslved, &c. That the Bill, ..... the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Report of the Bill touching Bedford Level be heard, next after the Report of the Bill against Athcism and Profanenels is dispatched.

Mr. Pepisreports, from the Committee to which the

Bill against Atheism and Profaneness was committed, several Amendments agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: And the Amendments, being twice read, were, upon the Question, severally agreed.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Mr. Steward reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for ascertaining the Taxes to be imposed on Part of the Lands 'ying in Bedford Level, several Amendments agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

And the several Amendments being twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to;

A Petition of Mr. Serjeant was read, and

debated.

Ordered, That the Matter, upon the Bill concerning Bedford Level, be heard Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, at the Bar of this House: And that such Members of this House, as also Serjeant Fountaine, or any other Person which are concerned, do attend, with their Counsel, to be heard accordingly.

Ordered, That the Matter touching the indigent loyal Officers be heard Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for rebuilding and maintaining the publick Works of the City of London.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning at Nine of the Clock.

Ordered, That die Report ordered to be made this Day by Sir John. Birkenhead be heard Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee concerning Popery be heard Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Debate of the Report concerning the late Fire be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of die Clock.

DieJovisy 240 Jan. 18° Car. IIdi.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill to enable a Sale of Lands, for Payment of the Debts of Henry Kendall Esquire, was

read.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide shall be, An Act to enable a Sale of Lands, for the Payments of the Debts of Henry Kenday Esquire.

And Mr. Grey is to carry up the Bill to the Lords.

Sir John Birkenhead reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for inverting the Estate of James Lord ris in certain Trustees was committed, some Amendments agreed to be made by the Committee to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: And the Amendments, being twice read, were, upon the Question, several agreed.

A Petition of Dame MaryCholmeley, now Wife of Edw. Cooke Esquire, was read.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Wm. Child and Sir John Cole;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have returned you Three Bills; the one intituled, An Act for making Provisions for such Places Or Persons as shall be infefted with the Plague; another Act, intituled, An Act for erecting a Judicature for Determining of Differences touching Houses burnt or demolished by reason of the late Fire which happened in London; another Act, intituled, An Act for Naturalizing of Dame Mary Frazer, and others, with some Alterations and Additions: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Sir Job Charlton reports from die Committee of Privileges, That the Committee had examined the Matter of Breach of Privilege objected against Thomas White, in causing Henry Chowne Esquire, a Member of this House, to be arrested; and found. That, the First of April last, being Twenty-two Days before the Sitting of the House, 4 Matthew

r

Matthew White, Servant and Kinsman of Thomas

gave a Warrant to Robert Ryde Bailiff, to execute on Mr. Chowne; and charged him to take good Bail at his Peril; for the Damage was great: And the Damage letdown at the Foot of the Warrant was Ten thousand thousand Pounds: And that this Warrant was all of the Hand-writing of 'Ibo-mas White; and was executed on Mr. Chowne on the Lord's Day, as he was coming from the Church: And that this Matter was looked upon by the Committee as a malicious Conspiracy to disgrace Mr. Chand a Design to prevent him from giving his Attendance in Parliament.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee of Privileges, That there was a Practice and Design, in the Paid Thomas and Matthew , to prevent Henry Chowne Esquire from giving his Attendance in Parliament: And that they are guilty of the Breach of Privilege, in causing the said Mr. Chowne to be arrested.

Resolved, &c. That Thomas and Matthew IVhile be taken into Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, for their Abuse, and Breach of Privilege, committed against Henry Chowne Esquire, a Member of this House.

Browne, Sir Win. Lorother, Mr. , Mr.

Mr. Mainard, Sir John BennettSir Solom. , Sir John

Heath, Sir Eik v. Maffey, Colonel , Sir Edw. Master s'.

Sir Gilbert Talbott, Lord Cornbury, Mr. Win. Sandvs, Mr. Millward, and all the Members that serve for the several Counties of Stafford, Warwick , and And they are

to meet at Two of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Bill concerning the Lord Norris be read the liril Bill Tomorrow Morning.

An ingro'fed Bill, sent from the Lords, for Uniting of Parishes, and raising a Maintenance for Ministers- in the Town of Scuthimpli.n,was read the Second time,-

But the Bill being to lay a Charge on the People; and beginning in the 1 Joufe of Lords;

The Question being put, That the Bill be Committed j It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, That the Bill be read a Third

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Win. Child and Sir Walter Littleton;

The Lords desire a present Conference, in the Painted Chamber, with this House, upon the Bill for taking the publick Accompts.

The Messengers being called in; Mr. Speaker acquaints them. That the House had agreed to a present Conference.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Howard, Mr. Garfaway, Mr. Sollicitor, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Tho. Gower, Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Seymour, Sir Thom. Meeres, Serjeant,

do manage the Conference.

Sir Robert Howard reports from the Conference had with the Lords, That the Lord Bridgwater and Lord Anglesey did manage the Conference; and delivered the Bill touching the Accompts of publick Monies, with some Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill; and the Rea-fons of the Lords for such Amendments, and in Reply to the Reasons of this House: And delivered in the Bill, with the Amendments, at che Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Report of the Bill for Attendance of Members be made forthwith, after the Bill of AHeffment is dispatched.

And then the House adjourned till Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Pc/l Meridiem.

SIR Thomas Clergis reports, from the Committee to which the Bill to prevent Abuses in Seamen was committed, forne Amendments' to be made, and a Clause to be added, to the Bill: Which he read; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

The House then proceeded to the Hearing of the Matter upon the Bill concerning Bedford Level.

The Counsel for Mr. Howard, and others, concerned in the Bill; and Mr. Serjeant Fountaine, and the Counsel of the Lord Gorge, Mr. Chichley, and such others as were against the Bill; being called to the Bar of this House, and fully heard;

And the Matter being afterward debated,

Die Veneris, 250 Jan. 18° Car. IIdi.

Prayers.

A Bill, sent from the Lords, to enable Leicester Grof-venor, and his Trustees, to fell certain Lands for Payment of Debts, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir John Talbott, Sir Thomas Clerges, Sir Lan. Lake, Sir Clifford

Clifton, Sir John Morton, Sir Thomas Osborne, Sir Adam

time;

It pallid in the Negative.

An ingrefild Bill for granting the Sum of Twelve hundred fifty-six thousand Three hundred Eorty-seven Pounds Thirteen Shillings to the King's Majesty, towards the Maintenance of the present War, was read: And fbme Amendments were, upon the Question, agreed j and made at the Table.

A Proviso was tendered; and thrice read.

Resolved, &c. That the Proviso be agreed to, and made Part of the BilL

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pals: And that the Title shall be, An Act for granting the Sum of Twelve hundred fifty-six thousand Three hundred Forty-seven Pounds Thirteen Shillings to the King's Majesty, towards the Maintenance of the present War.

- The Question being put, That the Bill be now carried up to the Ixirds;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr. Steward do carry up the Bill to the Lords.

A Message from the Lords, by;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill, intituled, An Act for Redrels of Inconveniencies by Want of Proof of the Decease of Persons beyond the Seas on absenting themselves, upon whose Lives Estatesdo depend: likewise another Bill, for confirming, explaining, and inlarging an Act to enable John Lord Abergaveny to fell certain Lands for Payment of his Debts, and Preferment of his Brother and Sifters: To both which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

The Lords have also returned you a Bill, intituled, An Act for settling an Estate in Trust, for the Benefit of Mrs. Eliz. Pride, and her Children, with some Alterations and Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And the Lords have commanded us to acquaint you. That they have agreed to the Bill for settling the Moiety of the Manor of Iron-Alton upon Sir John Poyntz.

Sir Thomas Littleton reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for Preventing and Punishing of the voluntary Absence of Members of the Commons House of Parr liaraent, several Additions, Alterations, and Amendments agreed by the Committee to be made Part of the Bill: Which he read in his Place , and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Which being twice read;

The Question being put. That the Debate of these Amendments be-now adjourned; '

The House was divided

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers,

tSTiSU ' j For the Noes, «. '

Sir

Sir 'Thomas Higgons, For the Yeas 61

Mr. Progers, J *or the leas, hi.

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put, To proceed in the Debate of these Amendments Tomorrow Morning;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, &c. That the Report of the Bill for Rebuilding of the City of London be the first Business to be entertained Tomorrow Morning; nothing to intervene.

DieSabbatiy 160 Jan, 18° . IT*.

Prayers.

/jRdered, That the ingrossed Bill concerning the Lord Norreis be read forthwith, after the Report of the Bill for rebuilding the City of London is diipatched.

Mr. Steward reports, from the Committee to which the Bill for rebuilding the City was committed, several Alterations, Additions, and Amendments, to be made and added to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Persons appointed to manage the Evidence, upon the Articles of Impeachment against the Lord Viscount Mordant, do proceed therein according to the Precedent of the Lord Cranfeild.

Mr. Secretary Morice acquaints the House, That his Majesty had declared himself as much concerned in the Deiolation of the City, as those that were the Inhabitants of it: And therefore, moved by his own Goodness, and incited by an Address from the City, his Majesty was pleased to continue the Session for a Day or Two further; and desired the House would apply themselves to the Dispatch of those Bills which concerned the City.

The Members appointed to manage the Evidence, upon the Articles of Impeachment against the Lord Viscount Mordant, being returned from the Lords;

Sir Robert Atkins reports. That, according to the Appointment of this House, they had attended that Service: And, having proceeded to the Reading of the Articles, did observe. That, during the Reading of them, the Lord Mordant was within the Bar of the Lords House; and therefore moved their Lordships, That, according to former Precedents in such Proceedings, he might Hand without the Bar of the House. When one appeared as Counsel for him, beginning to plead in this Matter, they thought fit to interrupt him; acquainting their Lordships, That his Lordship ought not to have any Counsel assigned him to plead for him in Matter of Fast, upon the Impeachment. Whereupon their Lordships commanded them to withdraw: And, being afterwards called in again, their Lordships acquainted them. That they had referred it to their Committee of Privileges, to search former Precedents in Proceedings of . this Nature; and to report it on Monday Morning.

Ordered, That Leave be given for the bringing in a Bill for Supplying and Clearing of that Clause in the Act for Poll-Money, for Charging of every Person at Twelve-pence the Head.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee formerly appointed to examine the Poll- Bill, with the Amendments; and to fee if it cohered, and was rightly ingrossed; to compare the printed Act with the Roll, whether it be truly printed; and to consider, if the same be defective; and report the same to the House.

The House proceeded upon the Amendments and Alterations reported to be made to the Bill for rebuilding the City: Which being read; and all the Amendments, to the Amendment, Folio Sixteenth, Line the Nineteenth, being twice read; were, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

The Question being pur. To agree with the Amendment for inserting aClause, Folio Sixteenth, Line the Nineteenth, for securing the Artificers and Labourers from bearing Arms at Land or Sea;

It passed in the Negative.

The rest of the Amendments, to Folio Twenty-ninth. Line Twentieth, being read the Second time, was, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

The Amendment for Addition of a Clause, marked DD, was read the Second time.

The Question being put, To agree with the Committee in that Part of the Clause concerning the Number of Churches to be rebuilt;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put. To agree with the Committee in the rest of the Clause for Dispoling of the Sites of Churches not to be rebuilt;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, &c. That the further Proceeding, upon the Amendments to the said Bill, be adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Ordered, That the ingossed Bills concerning Bedford Level, the Lord Norreisv and for Provision for poor Prisoners, be read on Monday Morning, before the Debate of the Amendments to the Bill concerning the City be resumed.

Die LuntZy 28" Jan. 18 Car. Ila*. Prayers.

QRdertd, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Writ, for electing a new Member to serve for the City of,

instead of Sir Riebard Fanfhaw, deceased.

An ingrossed Bill for settling the Taxes to be imposed on the Adventure-Lands lying in Bedford Level, after 3 Pound Rate, was read.

And Two Amendments, by ferting the Words " or Debts," and omitting Part of the Clause in the Close of the Proviso concerning his Royal Highness the Duke of Torke, being, upon the Question, agreed; and made thereto at the Table;

A Proviso for limiting a Time for making the Survey and Valuation of the Lands was twice read; and laid aside.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be. An Act for settling the Taxes to be imposed on the Adventure-Lands lying in Bedford Level, after a-Pound-Rate.

An ingrossed Bill, for settling the Estate of the Lord Norreis in Trustees, for the Benefit of the Lord Norreis, was read.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be. An Act for settling the Estate of the Lord Norreis in Trustees, for the Benefit of the Lord Norreis.

And the Lord Ancram is to carry up the Bill to the Lords.

An ingrossed Bill, for the Relief of poor Prisoners, and Setting of them on Work, was read.

A saving..... to be added to the Bill, was thrice

read; and, on the Question, agreed to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be. An Act for Relief of poor Prisoners, and Setting of them on Work.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Moundeford Brampjton and Sir Walter Littleton;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint you. That they have agreed to the Bill for granting the Sum of Twelve hundred Fifty-six thousand Three hundred Forty-seven Pounds Thirteen Shillings to the King's Majesty, towards the Maintenance of the present

War;

War-, and to the Bill for Sale of a Messuage in,

for Payment of the Debts of E Esquire.

The Lords have also agreed to the Votes concerning the French Merchants: And have appointed a Committee of Six Lords to join with a proportionable Number of this House, to wait upon the King -, and have sent to know. What Time his Majesty will be pleased to be attended therein: Of which their Lordships will give them timely Notice.

Refolded, See.That, after the Amendments to the Bill for rebudding the City are dispatched, the Report of the Lord Rosse's Bill be next heard -, and, next after That, the

Report of the Bill against importing French Manufactures and Commodities.

The House then resumed the Consideration of the Amendment to the Bill for rebuilding the City of

The Amendment, Folio Thirty, Line Thirteen, postponed.

The rest of the Amendments, being read the Second time, were, upon the Question, fcvetally agreed to.

Mr. Mount ague repoits from the Committee to which the Bill, lent from the l ords, for Uleg timation of the Children of the Lady Ann Root, was committed, Tr.at the

Committee, upon Examination of the Matter v. hicli he reported at large), found the Bill just, and fit to be p 'I'd, without any Alteration or Amendment: And delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The Bill being read the Third time -,

Refilled, &c. That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be agreed to.

And Mr. Mountagne is to carry up the Bill to the Lords.

Child and Sir

a c-

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Coell;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to quaint you. That his Majesty had appointed Three of the Clock this Afternoon, to be attended at Whitehall., with the Address from both Houses, on the Behalf of the French Merchants.

That these Persons fol'owing be appointed to join with the Six Lords, in presenting the Acidre.ies of A Message from the Lords, by Sir Mo undeford Bramp- both Houses to his Majesty, on the Behalf of the Merj

ston and Sir IVm.Glasscock,

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded iis to acquaint ., That they are now ready to give an Answer to the Two Demands made by the Committee of the House of Commons on Saturday, in the same ot Proceeding against the Lord Viscount Mordant.

Ordered, That the Members, appointed to manage the said Proceeding, do withdraw, to attend that Service.

Resolved,&c. That it be referred to the Persons appointed to manage the Proceeding upon the Impeachment against the Lord Mordant, to consider of the Precedents cited by the Lords, and such other Precedents as they can find; and report what the Custom and Method of Proceeding hath generally been in like Cafes > and to report the same Tomorrow Morning.

The House then resumed the Consideration of the Bill for rebuilding the City of London.

A Proviso for Piipofirg of the Materials and Sites of Churches not to be rebuilt, for rebuilding the other Churches, was tendered; and twice read.

The Question being put. That this Proviso be made Part of the Bill;

The Ploufe was divided*

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers,

Mr. Rigby,

Sir Thom. Metres

Mr. ChOzvne,

Sir Solom. Swale,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the further Debate of the Bill for rebuilding the City of London be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Ordered, That all Committees that were to fit this Afternoon be adjourned till Tomorrow, Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Martis, 2cf Jajiuai8° II41.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, to enable Trustees to make Leases for Payment of the Debts, and providing for the Children, of Sir Charles Stanley, was read.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pals: And the Title shall be. An Act to enable Trustees to make Leases for Payment of the Debts, and providing for the Children, of Sir Charles Stanley.

And the Lord Ancram is to carry up the Bill to -the Lords.

For the Yeas, 42. For the Noes, 3

chants trading to France; viz. Mr. Sir "John

Talbott, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. ! Sir

Jonathan Trelazany, Mr. Coventry, Sir Thomas Cover',

Sir Hen. Capell, Sir Thom. Clerg, Mr. Co-

lonel Lcgg.

Mr. Prynn reports, from the Committee appointed to

consider of Precedents relating to the Method ot Proceeding upon the Articles cf Impeachment against the Lord Viscount Mordant, several Precedents: Which he read, and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Being as followeth; viz.

Pari. Anno, 21 Jac.

In the Lords Journal, 28° Die Mali, 1624, there is this Entry.

" The Lord Marshal also reported. That the said Lords Committees had conceived an Order concerning Matters of Judicature, in hose verba;

" The Lords of the High Court of Parliament do hold it fit to consider of some Orders for the Tryal of such Persons as shall hereafter be brought before them, and come to Judicature: But the Session being soon to end for this Time, their Lordships hold it fit to declare, now, in general, That as this Court is the highest, from whence Others ought to draw their Light, so they do accord the Proceedings thereof to be most clear and equal; as well on the one Side, for the finding out Offences, where there is just Ground; as, on the other Side, in affording all just Means of Defence to such as shall be questioned."

" For the Particulars, they do at this time Order, That, iri all Cafes of Crime, the Defendants shall have Copies of all Depositions, both and contra, after Publication, at convenient Time, before the Hearing, to prepare themselves: And also. That, if the Defendant shall demand it of the House in due time, they shall have their learned Counsel to assist them in the Defence, whether they be able, by reason of their Healths, to answer in Person, or not-, so as they chuse Counsel void of any Exception: And, if such Counsel shall refuse, then they are to be assigned as the Court shall think fit."

" This their Lordships do, in all Cases, as well Civil, as Criminal and Capital, hold. That all lawful Helps cannot, before just Judges, make one that is gustty avoid Justice -, and, on the other Side, according to his Majesty's most gracious Speech, God defend that an Innocent should be condemned."

" And, for the Calling of the Members of this House unto the Bar, their Lordships hold it fit to be very well weighed, at what Time, and for what Cause, it shall be j and therefore (the Time being over-short) Precedents are to be culled out: And this is to be considered of at the next Meeting."

This being read, the House approved thereof -, and ordered the same to be entered in the Journal-Book.

8 L Annis

Journals of the House of Commons. A. 1666.

Amis i° 2° Caroli 1.

The Earl of Brifloll being impeached of High Treason in the House of Lords, by the Duke of and the King's Order , 6° Maii, it was ordered by the Lords, He should have Counsel to pfead his Cause.

8° Maii 1624, the Lords made an Order, That a Mef-sage should be sent to his Majesty by the Lord Keeper, to know his Pleasure therein: Who, the 8° Maii, returned them Answer by the Lord Keeper, " That, by the ancient fundamental Laws used both in Parliament, and all other Courts of Justice, no Counsel was to be allowed or assigned in Cafes of Treason; Which he willed to be observed in this Cafe."

Whereupon, the 150 Maii, the Lords returned this Answer to his Majesty's Message by the Lord Keeper;

" That, before his Majesty's Message 8° Maii, their Lordships had made an Order 6° Maii, That the Earl of Brijloll should have Counsel to plead his Cause; And that their Allowance of Counsel to him, before his Majesty's Message, doth not prejudice his Majesty, as they humbly conceive-, because the Lords House, 28° die Maii, L624 (near Two Years before), when his Majesty (then Prince of

Wales)was pr'efent in the House, ordered, That, in all Cases, as well Criminal as Capital, the Defendants, if they demand it of the House in due time, shall have their learned Counsel to assist them in their Defence.

17 May, his Majesty returned them this Answer thereto, by the Lord Keeper, " That neither the Judges, nor the King's Counsel, were called, or assenting to that Order, when made: And that neither himself, nor his Counsel, conceived, that the Meaning thereof was. That Counsel should be allowed to any Person, impeached in Parliament of High Treason, but only in Cafes of Crimes and Mifde-mcanors not capital: Yet his Majesty is content, in this same of the Earl of Brijloll, prosecuted by his Directions, to recede from his Prerogative; and permit him Counsel to advise and plead for him, being prosecuted by his Direction, left he should seem over-rigorous, or unjust; so as it were not drawn into Precedent in other Cafes."

Pari. 6 Apr. Sir George Binion being impeached, by the whole House of Commons, for several Misdemeanors and Crimes; at the Hearing.. the Lords Bar, when the Committees from the House of Commons had opened and pressed the Evidence against him, the Speaker of the Lords House commanded his Counsel (which they formerly assigned unto him) immediately to proceed in his Defence, without Preamble or Impertinences.

The same Parliament, Gurney Lord Mayor of London being impeached by the whole House of Commons for high Crimes and Mifeiemeanors, had Counsel assigned him by the Lords, both on the Fifth and Eleventh of July,

1642; and at the Hearing at the Lords Bar, Aug. x° et 2°, they were ordered to proceed in his Defence.

Sep. 30, 1645. This Day was heard die Cause of the Earl of Stamford, Henry Pulton, and others, for assaulting and striking Sir Arthur Hajlerigg, a Member of the House of Commons. Mr. Herne, Mr. Glover, and Mr. now Chief Baron (when the Evidence was given at the Bar against him by Serjeant Wild, and others of the House of Commons there, nothing was proved against Henry Pulton, one of the Persons impeached), the Earl's Counsel, moved the Lords, That he might be examined as a Witness for him. The Lords agreeing, upon Debate, he should be examined only de hem else; thereupon the Commons desired Leave to withdraw, and acquaint the Copimons House therewith, to ..... Directions therein. Which was done, accordingly.

And the Precedents being read; and the Matter debated;

The Question being put. That this House acquiesce with the Lords as to the Manner of the Lord s De-

portment to be within the Bar at the Tryal upon the Articles of Impeachment against him;

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being, Tliatthis House acquiesce with the Lords, in allowing Counsel to be assigned to the Lord Mordant upon his Tryal;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers,

}*'+ 73.

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, to acquaint them. That this House do acquiesce with the Lords, in allowing Counsel to be assigned to the Lord Viscount Mordant upon his Tryal; but are not satisfied as to the Manner of the Lord Mordant's Deportment proposed by the Lords, for his Lordship's fitting within the Bar at his Tryal;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers,

Sir Robert Holt, 7 -v

Sir Roger Bradshaw, f For the Yeas'

Sir Solom. Swale,) r . x.

Colonel Kirki, f For the Noes, 53-

And so it passed in the Negative.

The Question being put. That there be an Addition to the Committee appointed to manage die Evidence at the Hearing upon the Articles of Impeachment against the Lord Viscount Mordant;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers,

MnSroW, } FortheNoeS> 42-

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr. Sollicitor-General be added to the Committee appointed to manage the Evidence at the Hearing upon the Articles of Impeachment against the Lord Viscount Mordant.

A Bill declaratory, concerning the levying Money by a Poll- Bill, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be read a Second time on Thursday Morning next.

Resolved, &c. That this House will resume the Debate upon the Bill for rebuilding the City of London on. Thursday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning, Eight of Clock.

Die Jovis, 31° Jan. i90 Car. IIdl.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, to prevent the Disturbances of Seamen, and others; and to preserve the Stores of his Majesty's Navy Royal; was read.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be. An Act to prevent the Disturbances of Seamen, and others; and to preserve the Stores of his Majesty's Navy Royal.

And Sir Thomas Clerges is to carry up the Bill to the Lords.

Ordered, That the Committee to which the Bill concerning the Common of Outwood was committed, be revived; and do fit Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer-Chamber.

Resolved, &e. That the House do fit, whilst the Committee appointed is with the Lords, upon the Business of the Lord Mordant's Tryal.

The Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill for Naturalization of Dame Mary Frazers, and others, were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to; and the Amendments read the Third time.

Amend-

Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill for settling an Estate in Trust, for the Benefit of Mrs. , and her Children, were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to; and die Amendments read the Third time.

Sir John Talbott reports from the Committee to which the Bill, sent from the Lords, to enable Leicester nor, and his Trustees, to fell certain Lands, for the Payment of his Debts,.....That the Committee had

carefully perused the Bill; and examined the Matter; and found no Cause to make any Alteration or Amendment thereto.

And the Bill being read the Third time;

Resolved, See. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be agreed to.

An ingrafted Bill for punishing and preventing Athe-ism, Profaneness, and profane Cursing and Swearing, was read.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be. An Act for punifiiing and preventing Athe-ism, Profaneness, and profane Cursing and Swearing.

Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill for making Provision for Places and Persons which shall be infefted with the Plague, were twice read: And the Two first Amendments were disagreed to: The last Amendment was, upon the Second Reading, agreed.

Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill for erecting a Judicature for Determination of Causes touching Houses burnt down, or demolished by reason of the late Fire, were twice read , and, upon the Question, severally agreed; and read a Third time.

An additional Bill, relating to the former Poll- Bill, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to the Committee of the whole House.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steward took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steward reports, from the Committee of the whole House, certain Amendments agreed to be made to the additional Bill touching Monies to be raised by a Poll: Which he read, with the Coherence; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

And the Amendments were twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed.

The Question being put. That the Clause in the Bill for giving further Time for levying and collecting the Money do stand in the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, See. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingossed.

Sir Robert Atkins reports, That the Committee, appointed, had attended the Lords, in the Business concerning the Lord Mordant, according to the Direction of the House; and acquainted them. That, as to allowing Coun-fel to the Lord Mordant, this House did acquiesce in the Proposal of the Lords: But could not agree to the Lord Mordant's fitting within the Bar, with his Hat off, during the Time of his Tryal; because they could not find any Precedents to warrant that Method of Proceeding: And that the Lords did still adhere to their former Resolution in that Particular; and had delivered their Reasons, in Writing, for so doing: Which he read.

Resolved, &c. That a Conference be desired to be had with the Lords, upon the Matter of the Lord s

fitting within the Bar at the Time of his Tryal, with his Hat off.

Ordered, That the Persons, formerly appointed to manage the Evidence against the Lord , do search

for Precedents, and prepare Reasons, against Tomorrow

Morning, to be delivered at the Conference: And that Sir 'Thomas Lee and Mr. Waller be added to the former Managers.

The House resumed the Debate upon the Bill for Rebuilding of the City of London.

A Proviso for excepting the Churches of St. Paule's, St. Faith's, and St. Gregory's, from being vested in the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the said City, was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

Ordered, That it be referred to Sir Phil. , Sir

Geo. Downing, Sir Wm. Coventry, Mr. Bufcawen, Sir Thom. Littleton, Sir Wm. Thompson, Sir John Frederick, Sir Robert Howard, Colonel Birch, Mr. Jones, Sir John Denham, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Richard Browne, Mr. Steward, or any Three of them, to prepare and bring in a Proviso for fofpending Building for a Year within some Space of the Thames Side.

Ordered, That the Report of the Bill concerning the prohibiting the Importation of French Manufactures be made Tomorrow Morning, the first Bufinds.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the dock.

Fetter is, i° Feb, 190 Car. 11'".

Pit AYERS.

AN ingossed Bill for ascertaining the Bounds of the several Rectories of Swaffham Saint Ciriar, and Swaffham Saint Mary's, within the Town of Prior, in the County of Cambridge; and for the uniting the Two Church there; was read.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time on Monday next.

Sir George Downing reports, from the Committee to which the Bill against the Importation of French Manufactures and Commodities was committed, several Amendments agreed to be made to the Bill; and also the Opinion of the Committee for Ten Shillings per Tun to be imposed on Wines, for a Recompence to his Royal 1 iighness the Duke of Torke, for the Prejudice to him in his Wine Licences: Which he read; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Sir George Downing reports, from the Committee appointed to draw up and bring in a Clause touching the Space to be left unbuilt next the Thames, a Clause, agreed by the Committee to be added to the Bill for rebuilding the City of London: Which was twice read. And some Alterations, upon the Question, agreed, and made at the Table;

Resolved, See. That the Clause, so amended, be agreed to; and made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause for an Imposition on Coals, towards the re-edifying the Guildhall-Hall, and other publick Buildings belonging to the City of London, was twice read.

Resolved, See. That the said Clause be committed to the Committee of the whole House.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Littleton be added to the Managers of the Business against the Lord Viscount Mordant.

Ordered, That Mr.. Pepis do carry up such Bills as are ready to the Lords; And do desire a Conference with the Lords, on the Bill concerning the Plague.

Ordered, That Mr. Sollicitor-General, Serjeant Charle-. ton, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Pepis, Mr. Waller, Sir Thomas Gower, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Thomas Meres, be appointed to manage the Conference.

An ingossed Bill, to explain the former for raising Money by a Poll, was read. '

Resolved,

688 Journals of the House of Commons. A. I

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be. An Act explanatory of the Act for raising Money by the Poll, and otherwise, towards the Maintenance of the present War.

Ordered, That the Amendments to the Bill against: French Commodities be taken into Consideration next after the Bill for rebuilding the City is dispatched.

Mr. Seymour reports Two Reasons, agreed by the Committee to be offered at the Conference to be had with the Lords, touching the Manner of Proceeding in the Tryal upon the Impeachment against the Lord Viscount Mordant.

Ordered, That Mr. Seymour do desire the Conference with the Lords.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Clause for an Imposition on Coal, towards the rebuilding the Gu, and other publick Buildings belonging to the City of London.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steward took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steward reports, That the Committee of the whole House had considered of the said Clause; and made several Resolutions thereupon; confiding' in Substance, with the Matter of the same , and that it wanted only the Drawing up in Form.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Luncey40 Feb. 18° Car. IIdl.

Prayers.

ffRdered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Writ, for the Electing cf a Burgess to serve for the Borough of ton in the County of Devon, in the room of Sir Richard Strode, deceased.

Ordered, That John Clay be sent for, in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, or his Deputy, for his Contempt, in the Breach of Privilege of this House, in seizing and detaining the Coach of Henry Brunckard Esquire, a Member of this House.

j

Mr. Seymour acquaints the House, That he had delivered the Message for a Conference with the Lords, concerning the Manner of Proceedingupon the Impeachment against the Lord Mordant; and that, after some Debate, the Lords acquainted him. They would return Answer by Messengers of their own.

An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, for confirming and Inlarging an Act, intituled, An Act to enable John Lord Abergeveny to fell Lands, was read the First and Second ime.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed to Sir Solom. Swale, Sir 'Thomas Lee, Doctor Mr.

Mr. Mallet, Sir Charles HarborSir Lane. , Sir Clifford Clifton, Sir John Monson, Sir Mr.

Sir John Talbott, Mr. Morice, Colonel Sandys, Sir Fran., Goodrich, Lord Allington, Mr. , Mr. Sir

Win. Terringham, Sir John , Lord , Sir

Wm. Howard, Mr. Hyde, Mr. Lucy, Mr. Hun-erf ord: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Question being put, That the Report of the Amendments of the ingossed Bill, from the Lords, for the Encouragement of the Planting and Sowing of Hemp and Flax be made;

For the Yeas, 49. For the Noes, 44.

The ..... was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Teller,

Mr. Hungerford,

Sir John Monfcn,

Mr. Harbard,

Sir John Moreton,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Mr. Steward accordingly reports some Amendments and Additions, agreed by the Committee to be made to the said Bill: Which he read in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Which were read.

The First Amendment was read the Second time:

The Question being put, To agree with the Committee in the First Amendment, Line the Twelfth, for making Five Shillings to be Two Shillings and Six-pence; The House divided.

The Yeas went out.

Tellers,

Mr. Whorwood ',7

Sir John Monson, J

Mr. Steward, 7 t- l vr

Sir Robert Holt, f FortheNoes'

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The other Amendments, being read the Second time. Were, upon the Question, agreed to.

For the Yeas, 59.

51*

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Lewiii and

Sir Wm. Child;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords agreed to a present Conference, in the Painted Chamber, concerning the Impeachment of the Lord Mordant.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Meeres be added to the Committee appointed to manage the Evidence'at the Hearing upon. the Articles of Impeachment against the Lord Mordant.

Mr. Stezvard reports the Clause for laying an Imposition on Coals, to be -added to the Bill for rebuilding the City of London: Which he read in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Which being twice read , and after some Amendments made at the Table thereunto; was, upon the Question, agreed.

Resolved, Sec. That the said Claufo be made Part of the Bill.

Mr. Secretary Morice acquaints the House, from his Majesty, That his Majesty doth especially recommend to the Care of this House, to make some Provision for the Rebuilding of Churches in the Bill for rebuilding the City.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill for the Rebuilding of the City of London, with the Amendments, Additions* and Provisoes, agreed to, be ingossed.

Resolved, Sec. That it be referred to Sir Thomas Meeres, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Jones, Sir Wm. Sir Robert

Howard, Mr. Jolliffe, Sir Job Charlton, Mr. Steward, Mr. Sollicitor-General, Sir Thom. Lee, Mr. Secretary Colonel Birch, or any Five or more of them, to prepare and bring in a Bill for the making Provision for the Building of the Thirty-nine Churches; for providing for the Rights of the Patrons of such Churches as shall not be rebuilt; for the Maintenance of the Ministers of the Churches to be rebuilt; and for ascertaining the Divisions , of the Parishes: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to inspect the Journal be revived; and do examine the same every Saturday.

Ordered, That the House do lit this Afternoon; and to proceed upon no other Business than the Bill for rebuilding the City of London.

And then the House adjourned till Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Post

ip Car. II. Journals of tHouse of Commons.

Post Meridiem,

P)Rdcred, That Mr. Marvell, Sir 'Jonathan

Mr. Mainard, Sir bran. Leake, Mr. Malleit, Mr.

Bnfcawen, be added to the Committee of the Lord geveny' % Bill.

The ingrossed Bill for rebuilding the City of London was read the Third time. —

A Message from the Lords, by Sir and

Sir JVm. Child -,

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint you. That they intend to fit this Afternoon at Five of the Clock: And at the same time desire a Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Impeachment against the Lord Mordant.

The Messengers being called in; Mr. Speaker acquaints them. That this House do agree to a Conference, as desired.

Ordered, That the Persons appointed to manage the Conference against the Lord Mordant do attend this Conference.

Mr. Seymour reports. That they had attended the Conference with the Lords , which was managed by the Earl of Bridgwater, and the Earl of AngleseyAnd that the Lords had confirmed their Order, as to the Polture of the Lord Mordant, of the Twenty-eighth of January, for his Lordship fitting within the Bar at his Tryul: Which they were confirmed in by the Precedents of the Bishop of Landaffe, 18 Jac.; and the Lord in 1645:

And that they were ready to proceed in the Tryal Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Debate upon the Conference be adjourned till To-morrowMorning: And that, in the mean time, the Committee, appointed to manage the Impeachment against the Lord Mordan, do inquire and search into the Precedents of the Bishop of and the Lord Stamford, cited by the Lords, at the Conference upon the Impeachment of the Lord Mordant , and to report the same Tomorrow Morning. —

The House resume the Consideration of the Bill for rebuilding the City of London.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Mariis, 50 Februari, 190 Car. H"1.

Prayers.

S \Rdered, That 'Thomas Hattoand Mr. Petitt his Attorney, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, or his Deputy, to answer their Breach of Privilege, in causing Sir IVm. Batten, a Member of this House, to be

filed to the Outlawry.

Mr. Mallett reports from the Committee to which the Matter touching the indigent loyal Officers was committed, That the Committee had agreed upon a Vote to be reported to the House: Which he read.

Resolved,&c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, That whereas, in the Accompt of Mr. Receiver-General for the Eighteen Months Assessment on the County of Cornwall, assigned for the indigent loyal Officers, it appeared, he had paid Two thousand Six hundred Pounds into the Exchequer: That the Lord Treasurer be desired to cause the said Two thousand Six hundred Pounds to be paid to the Treasurer, for the Monies assigned for the indigent loyal Officers: And that Sir Philip Warwick do acquaint the Lord Treasurer with the Desires of the House for that Purpose.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir IVm. Child and Sir Thomas Eftcourt

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint you, That they have agreed, without any Alteration, to the Bill to prevent the Disturbances of Seamen and others; and to preserve the Stores of his Majesty's Navy Royal; and to the Bill to enable a Sale of Lands, for the Payment of the Debts of Henry Kendall Esquire: As also to the Bill for explaining the Act for raising Money by the Poll, and otherwise, towards the Maintenance of the present War. They have like wife returned you the Bill for Relief of poor Prisoners, and Setting of them on Work with feme Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Mr. Seymour reports, That,- according to the Directiort of the House, the Managers of the Business against the Lord Mordant had searched the Precedents, and opened the Nature of them, and the Manner of Proceeding in the Cafes to which the Precedents relate: Which being taken into Consideration as also the former Precedent, of the Lord CranfeiltTs, being a Precedent granted on former Precedent -,

Resolved, &c. That this House doth adhere to their former Opinion, touching the Manner of Proceeding against. the Lord Mordant, upon the Articles of Impeachment against him.

Ordered, That a free Conference be desired to be had with the Lords, upon the Subject-Matter of the last Conference, touching the Manner of Proceeding against the Lord Mordant.

And Sir Robert Holt is to desire the Conference.

Ordered, That it be referred to the former Managers* with the Addition of Sir John Birkenhead and Mr. Scawen, to prepare Reasons to be infilled on at the Conference.

Mr. Millwardreports, from the Committee to which the Bill for Relief of poor Prisoners was committed, feme Amendments, agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence-, and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: And the Amendments, being twice read, were, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

The House then resumed the Debate of the Matter upon the Bill for rebuilding the City of London

And feme Amendments being, upon the Question, agreed; and made thereto, at the Table;

A Proviso for authorizing the Lord Mayor and Aldermen to set out the Streets and Places, intended to be in-larged, by a Day, was read.

The Question being put, That the Proviso be read a Second time;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Tellers,

3«.

7*.

And so it passed in the Negative.

Another Proviso, for inlarging several Streets, wa9 tendered; and twice read.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be. An Act for rebuilding the City of London.

And Mr. Steward is to carry up the Bill to the Lords.

Amendments to the Bill for Relief of poor Prisoners, and Setting of them on Work, were twice read; and agreed to.

A Bill, sent from the Lords, for Redrels of Inconveniencies by want of Proof of the Deceases of Persons beyond the Seas, or absenting themselves, upon whose Live* Estates do depend, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

8 M - A

--fey

Go---

o

A Bill, lent from the Lords, for Uniting cf Parishes in Swaffham Sc.int Curiae, and Saint

within the Town of Swaffham Prior in the County of Cambridge-, and for uniting the Two Churches there; was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed to Sir Solom. Swale, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Sir Fran. Goodrich, Colonel Birch, eir John Birkenhead, Sir Jo. Mr. ley, Mr. Trevor, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Hobby, Mr. Bufcawen,

Lord Allington, Mr. Progers, Mr. Wren, Sir Bainham

‘Throckmorton, Mr. l.ucy, Mr. Croohe, Mr. Chowne, and all that serve for the County of Cambridge: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingossed Bill for extending a former AQ. concerning Replevins and Avowries to the Principality of , and die County-Palatines, was read.

Refolded, See. That the said Bill do pals: And the Title shall be, An Act for extending a former Act concerning Replevins and Avowries to the Principality of Wales, and the County-Palatines.

Mr. Pryn reports, from the Committee to whom the Bill for settling the Charity of Baron Hilton was committed, several Amendments and Additions, agreed by the Committee to be added to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: And all the Amendments, and the Provisoes, being twice read, were, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

A Petition, intituled. The Petition of the several Parishes of Saint Clement's Danes, Richtnond, and Walton upon the Thames, was read.

Sir Robert Holt reports, That he had delivered the De fires of this House to the Lords for a free Conference, upon the Subject-Matter of the last Conference, concerning the Impeachment again!! the Lord Mordant: And being withdrawn, and called in, the Lord Privy-Seal returned him this Answer , viz.

That the Lords had considered of the Message; and acquainted him. That they had already stated the Order of Proceedings upon the Tryal on the Impeachment of the Lord Mordant; and do adhere to their former Order therein; and are ready to proceed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Mercurtty 6° Febru i U"1.

Prayers.

WHereas Thomas White, for his Breach of Privilege, in causing Mr. Chowne, a Member of this House, to be arrested, was lint for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms j but doth abscond himself, and cannot be apprehended:

Refoked, &c. That a Fine of a Thousand Pound be set on Mr. Thomas White, for his Breach of Privilege: And that the Serjeant at Arms do pursue his former Order to apprehend him.

Sir Philip Froude, who is intruded with the Management of the Poll-Office by his Royal Highness the Duke of Yorke, being called in to the Bar of this House; and

giving Information, That certain Attornies, and in particular one Peter Mason, do take upon them to superferibe Letters in the Names of Members of this House, to have them carried gratis-, whereby his Highness is abused in his Revenue, and the Privilege of Parliament infringed;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges, to examine the Abuse and Breach of Privilege objected against Mr. Peter Mason an Attorney, and others, in superferibing the Names of Members of this House to

their own Letters, to have them carried gratis -, and report the Matter, with their Opinions therein, to the House: And that the Committee do fit this Afternoon at Two of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Matter of Breach of Privilc g? objected against one Thomas Brijloil, in detaining on

Harnston, Bailiff to Mr. Pierrepont, a Member of this House, in Prison, contrary to the Order of this House for his Discharge, be referred to the Committee of Privileges , to examine, and to report it, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Ordered, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Answer, returned by their Lordships, to the last Message from this House, for a free Conference, touching the Impeachment against the Lord Mordant.

And Sir Robert Atkins is to desire the Conference.

Ordered, That the Persons formerly nominated, with the Addition of Mr. Henry Coventry and Sir Robert Carr, do manage; and withdraw; and prepareReafons to be in-fifted on at the Conference.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, to prevent Inconveniences by want of Proof of the Deceases of Persons beyond the Seas, or absenting themselves, upon whole Lives Estates do depend, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Serjeant Charlton, Colonel Windham, Sir Dan. Lake, Lord Allington, Sir Thomas Higgons, Sir Solom. Swale, Sir Hen. Co:far. Sir Thomas Allen, Mr. Dahnahoy, Mr. Sir Thom.

Meres, Colonel Sandys, Sir John Moreton, Lord -harding, Mr. Bufcawen, Sir John Talbott, Mr. Morice, Sir Robert Ho ward, Mr. Seymour, Sir Roger Mr. Pryn, Mr. Rigby, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Jonathan Trelawney, Sir Thom. Lee, Doctor Burrell, Mr. Ford, Sir Wm.Godclpbin, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Rolls, Mr.

Mr. Brunekard, Mr. Mallelt, Mr. Hobby, Sir Edm. Bow-yer, Mr. Crouch, Lord Seymour: And all the Members of this House that filial 1 come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Malet reports, from the Committee to which the Bill, sent from the Lords, concerning the Lord Aberge-veny, was committed, some Amendments, agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: And the Amendments were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed: And the Bill, with the Amendments, read.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pals. And Mr. Malet is to carry it up to the Lords.

Sir Robert Atkins reports, That he had delivered the Message to the Lords, for a Conference upon the Answer returned by their Lord fillips to the last Message from this House for a free Conference, touching the Impeachment against the Lord Mordant: And their Lord ships acquainted him. That they will consider of the Message; and return Answer by Messengers of their own.

Mr. Crouch reports several Amendments, agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill for Uniting of Parishes in Swaffham Saint Cyriac, and Saint

Mary's, within the Town of Swaffham Prior in the County of Cambridge; and for uniting the Two Churches there: Which he read in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Resolved, &c. That the Consideration of the Amendments be taken up Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, See. That the Amendments, from the Lords, to the Bill concerning publick Accompts, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Car. II. Journals of the House of Commons.

691

Die Jovisy 70 Februariiy 19 Il4‘.

Prayers.

f\Rdered, That the Matter concerning the Double Return for the Borough of W,between Sir John Coventry and Mr. Harvey, be referred to the Committee of Elections; to examine, and report it, with their Opinions, to the House.

Ordered, That all Proceedings in the Suits brought in the Name of IVm. Simonds, as Lessee to Jeremy ,against

Charles Braddock, and other the Tenants of Mr. a Member of this House, be Hayed, during the Sdiion and Privilege of Parliament.

A Petition of the Corporation of the Distillers of London was read *, and debated.

Resolved, &c. That the Debate of the Petition be adjourned till Monday Morning.

Mr. Secretary Morice acquaints the House from the King, That his Majesty intends to be at the House of Peers Tomorrow, to put an End to the Sessions , and to prorogue the Parliament.

Sir Robert Atkins reports from the free Conference had with the Lords, That the Lords desired this Conference, to preserve the right Understanding between both Houses: And that the Lords infilled upon it, That they might deny a free Conference with the Commons; and cited a Precedent, 12° Jac. where a free Conference was denied the Commons, in point of an Imposition: And that, in point of Judicature (which the Lords infilled on to be only in the King and Lords) they might deny the Commons a free Conference.

Resolved, &c. That a free Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Subject-Matter of the last free Conference: And that it be referred to Sir Robert Mr.

Seamen, Mr. Waller, Sir Fran. Goodrich, Sir 'Thomas Meres,

Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. Pryn, or any Three of them, to prepare and draw up an Entry, to be made in the Journal of this House, for asserting the Method and Proceedings of this House, concerning the last free Conference had with the Lords.

In this Cafe, a Conference ought first to have been asked by the Lords.

The Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill for rebuilding the City of London, were twice read* and upon the Question, agreed to.

The said Amendments were read the Third time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments, be returned to the Lords: And that Sir Wm. Thompson do carry up the said Bill; and put the Lords in mind of the

and the Mat -

A Meftage from the Lords, by Sir Wm. Child and Sir Nathanael Hebert;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to ac- Bill to prevent the Spreading*of the Plague j quaint you, That they will be ready for a Conference with ter concerning the Canary Patent, the House at Eleven of the Clock this Morning, in the Painted Clumber, upon the Impeachment against the Lord Mordant.

Serjeant Charlton reports from the Committee of Privileges, That the Committee had examined the Matter of Breach of Privilege objected against Thomas Brijloll; and that the Committee found him guilty of the Breach of Privilege.

Resolved, &c. That Thomas Brijloll be committed to the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, for his Breach of Privilege, in cauGng Thomas Harnflon Bailiff to Mr. pont, a Member of this House, to be detained in Prison, contrary to the Older of this House.

Amendments and Provisoes, made to the Bill* sent from the Lords, to prevent Inconveniences by want of Proof of the Deceases of Persons beyond the Seas, or absenting themselves, upon whose Lives Estates do depend, were twice read , and, with some Amendments made at the Table, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Ordered, That the Provisoes be ingrafted , and th'e Bill, with the Amendments and Provisoes, read a Third time.

A Meftage from the Lords, by Sir Wm. Child and Sir Nath. Hobart;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have returned you the Bill for rebuilding the City of London, with some Amendments, and a Provilb to be added to the Bill: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House: And commanded us to acquaint you. That they have agreed to the Bill for extending a former Act, touching Avowries and Replevins, to the Principality of Wales, and Counties Palatine.

A Meftage from the Lords, by Sir Wm. Child and Sir Nathanael Hobart;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a present free Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject-Matter of the last Conference.

The Messengers being called in j Mr. Speaker acquaints them. That the House had agreed to a present free Conference.

Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill concerning Accompts, were read.

The ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, for encouraging the Sowing and Planting of Flax and Hemp, with the Amendments, were read the Third time.

The Question being put, That " Two Shillings and Six-pence" Hand in the Amendment;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Resolved, &c. That this House agree with the Lords, That the Title of the said Bill be, An Act for the Encouragement of Sowing and Planting of Hemp and Flax.

The Question being put. That the Bill for the Redress of Inconveniences by Want of Proof of the Deceases of Persons beyond the Seas, or absenting themselves, upon whose Lives Estates do depend, with the Amendments, be now read;

The House Was divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers,

Sir Jonathan Trelawney,

Mr. Malett,

Sir Thomas Lee,

Sir Robert Holt,

The Speaker declared for the Yeas.

The Bill, with the Amendments, was read the Third time.

Resolved, &c. That the Debate of the Bill and Amendments be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning; and taken up the first Business.

| For the Yeas, 26. For the Noes,

Resolved, &c. That all Committees that were to fit chi Afternoon, except the Committee for Privileges, be adjourned.

Die Veneris^ 8° Februariiy 19 IIdi.

Prayers.

SErjeant Charlton reports from the Committee of Privileges, That, they had examined the Matter of the Double Return for the Borough of Weymouth -, and found. That Sir John Coventry was returned by the Mayor and Burgesses of Wy mouth *, and Mr. Harvey was returned by

the

the Sheriff, and some others: And that the Committee were of Opinion, That Sir Jo Coventry ought to fit, till the Merits of the Cause be determined.

Resolved,&c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, That Sir John Coventry ought to fit, till the Merits of the Cause be determined.

A Proviso, to be adder! to the Bill, lent from the Lords, to prevent Inconveniences by Want of Proof of the Deceases of Persons beyond the Seas, or absenting themselves, upon whose Lives Estates do depend, was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed; and read a Third time.

Another Proviso, on the Behalf of his Royal Highness the Duke of Torke, was twice read; and, on the Question, agreed to.

Resolved, See. That the Bill, with the Provilbes agreed to, do pass: And that the Title be agreed to.

And Sir Jonathan Frelawny is to carry up the Bill to the Lords.

Amendments to the Bill, sent from the Lords, for Uniting of Parishes in Swaffham Saint Cyriac and S waff ham St. Mary's, within the Town of Swaffham , in the County of Cambridge; and for uniting the Two Churches there; were twice read; and, with some other Amendments proposed at the Table, upon the Question, severally agreed.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments,' do pass: And that the Title be agreed.

And Sir Solomon Swale is to carry up the Bill to the Lords.

The House then resumed the Debate of the Preamble proposed by the Lords to be inferred in the Bill concerning Accompts, in head of the Preamble sent from this House. —

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Moundeford ston and Sir IVm.Child;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have returned you the Bill to enable Trustees to make Leases, for Payment of the Debts, and providing for the Children, of Sir Charles Stanley, with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House: And have commanded us to acquaint you, That they have agreed to the Amendments to the Bill, touching the Lord; and to

the Proviso to the Bill, sent from the Lords, concerning. Tenants for Lives. —

Ordered, That Sir Thomas do go up to the.

Lords, to desire a free Conference, upon the Subject-Matter of the last free Conference.

A Message, by Sir John , Ulher of the Black Rod; ' -

Mr. Speaker,

His' Majesty commands this Honourable House to-attend Him in Elis House of Peers.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty: Who was pleased to prorogue the Parliament, until the Tenth Day of QElober next.

Jovis, 25'* Die Julii, Anno Regni Caroli Secundi Regis 190.

Prayers.

HIS Majesty having, on the Eighth Day of February last, prorogued the Parliament unto the Tenth Day of October next ensuing; and being advised, That the weighty Affairs of the Kingdom might squire a sooner Day of their Meeting; his Majesty therefore, by his Proclamation, having summoned them to meet on this Day;

And the House being accordingly met; Mr. Speaker informs them, That his Majesty had commanded him to let them know. That, conceiving the House might not be. full at their first Meeting; he had deferred his Coming to acquaint them with what he had to say, till Monday next: And that the House should adjourn till that Day.

Resolved, upon the Question, Nemine contradicente.

That his Majesty be humbly desired, by such Members of this House as are of his Privy Council, That, When a Peaoiv is concluded, the new-raised Forces be disbanded.

Resolved, upon the Question, That the House be ad-> journed until Monday Morning next.

LwicBy 2 90 DieJuliiy 190 Car. II4*.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir John Eyton, Ulher of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this House to wait on His Majesty in the House of Lords.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went' up to attend his Majesty: Who was pleased to prorogue the Parliament dll the Tenth of Qftobernzxt.

