JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

From October the 20th, 1702,

In the First Year of the Reign of

Queen ANNE,

TO

March the 14th, 1704,

In the Fourth Year of the Reign of

Queen ANNE.

Re-printed by Order of the House of Commons.

1803.

---

Lune, 31° Die , 1742.

Resolved,

That all the Books of the Proceedings, or, Journals of the House of now in the Custody of the Clerk of the said House, and commencing with the Book called Seymour, which begins with the Reign of King Edward the Sixth, be printed.

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

VOL. 14.

b

Proclamation for dissolving Parliament

Proclamation for proroguing Parliament.

Proclamation for Meeting of Parliament

By the Queen: A Proclamation, for dissolving this present Parliament, and declaring the Bpeecly calling another.

ANNE Jt.

WHEREAS We have thought fit, for divers important and weighty Considerations, by and with the Advice of our Privy Council, to dissertve this present Parliament, which now stands prorogued to the

Seventh Day of July instant; We do, for that End, publish this our Royal Proclamation, and do hereby dissolve the said Parliament accordingly: And the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, of the said Parliament, are discharged from their meeting on Tuesday, the said Seventh Day of July instant.

And We, being resolved to meet our People, and have their Advice in Parliament, do hereby, make known to all our loving Subjects, that We do intend to'give Directions to the Keeper of our Great Seal, for the issuing out of Writs, in due Form of Law, for the calling a new Parliament, which shall begin, and be holden at Westminster,.on the 20th Day of August next.

Given at our Court at St. James's, the Second Day of July 1702, in the First Year of our Reign.

God save The Queen.

By the Queen: A Proclamation.

AN$?E R.

WHEREAS We have caused our Writs to be V T issued, for the calling of Parliament, to meet, and be holden, at Westminster, the 20th Day of this instant August; We, by the Advice of our Privy Council, do hereby publish and declare, that the said Parliament shall be prorogued, on the said 20th of August, to day, the Eighth Day of October next ensuing; and We have given Order to our Keeper of our Great Seal of England, to prepare a Writ Patent, under our Great Seal, for proroguing the same accordingly: And we do hereby further declare our Pleasure, that the said Parliament shall, on the said Eighth Day of October, be held, and sit, for the Dispatch of divers weighty and important Affairs; and the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Knights, Citizens, and Borgesses, of the House of Commons, are hereby required and commanded to give their Attendance accordingly, at Westminster, on the said Eighth Day of October next ensuing.

G iven at our Court at Hampton-Court, the Sixth Day of August 1702, in the First Year of our Reign.

God save The Queen.

By the Queen: A Proclamation. ANNE R.

WHEREAS it has been represented to Us, that the Meeting of our Parliament on the Eighth Day of October next (to which -the same stands now prorogued) will be inconvenient to many of our Subjects, who are Members of Parliament, and also otherwise employed in our Service in the Countries, wherein they dwell; W'e therefore, with the Advice of our Privy Council, have resolved to defer the Meeting of the said Parliament to

the 20th Day of the said October: And We do hereby direct the Keeper of our Great Seal of England, to prepare a Writ Patent, under our Great Seal, for proroguing our said Parliament to the said 20th Day of October next; on which Day we do intend our said Parliament shall sit, for the Dispatch of divers weighty Affairs: And hereof We do require the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, of the said Parliament, to take notice, and to give their Attendance at Westminster, on the said 20th Day of October [next.)

Given at our Court at Bath, the Sixth Day of September 1702, [in the] First Year of our Reign.

God save The Queen.

WILLIAM Duke of Devonshire, Great Steward of her Majesty's Houshold, one of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council, and Knight of the most noble Order of the G al ter, To all, to whom these Presents shall come, Greeting. Know ye, that I the said Lord Steward, by virtue of my said Office of Lord Steward, have constituted, named, and appointed, and by these Presents do constitute, name, and appoint, the Lord Rob. Russell, Sir Jos. Trcdcnham, James Hayes, Geo. Balch, John Snell, Wm. Lord Chenie, Sir Jacob Astley, Sir Jervas Etwes, James Herbert, Jos. Haskenstyles, John Dryden, James 2'itchborn, Sir Rob. Edon, John Thomhaugh, Sir -

sam, John Gape, Anth. Thompson, Samuel Roll, John Tre-denham, Sahoay Winnington, John Cha. North,

Tho. Webbf Geo. St.Loe, Sir Tho. Sir Delavall, Fleetwood Dormer, Tho. Fagg, Geo. Sayers, Sir Fr. Lee, William Cage, or any Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, or One, of them, my Deputies, and Deputy, in my Place and Stead, to tender and administer the Oaths, mentioned in the Statute, made in the First Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary (intituled, An Act for removing, and preventing, all Questions and Disputes, concerning die assembling and sitting of this present Parliament) according to the Direction of the said Statute, and of all alia every other Statute and Statutes, directing the taking the said Oaths before me, to all and every Person, which is, or shall be, elected or appointed a Knight, Citizen, or Burgess, or Baron of any the Five Ports, for the Parliament, summoned to begin, and to be holden, the 20th Day of August last past, which, by Proclamation and Writ, stands prorogued to this 20th Day of October instant; and to tako and receive the Oaths of every of the said Person and Persons, which is, or shall be, elected or appointed a Knight, Citizen, Burgess, or Baron of any the said Five Ports, as aforesaid, for the said Parliament; giving them Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, and One, of them, full Power and Authority to execute and perform the same; ratifying and confirming all, and whatsoever, my said Deputies, or Deputy, any Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, or One, of them, shall do and perform in this behalf, in as ample, perfect, and full, Manner, as if I myself had personally been present, and done the same: In Testimony whereof, I have hereunto set my Hand and seal. Given this 20th Day of October, in the First Year of the Reign of our sovereign Lady Anne,by the Grace of God, of England, Scotland, France, and Ireland, Queen, Defender of the Faith, Anno Domini 1702.

Devonshire.

Lord

Steward *

Deputation.

ne

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

# # # }

# ( r a

# # # V

Members take Oaths.

Members take Oaths.

Recovery of Wages.

Grand Committees.

Committee of Privileges.

Jovis, 22° die Octobris;

Anno l Ann® Regina, 1702.

SEVERAL other Members, present, took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made lor those I'urj oses.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 23 die Octobris;

Anno i Ann® , 170

Prayers.

SEVERAL other Meml)ers took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath ot Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

A Bill, for the easier Recovery of Servants Wages, and for the punishing of idle and disorderly Servants, was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee, for Religion, do sit every 1 uesday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee, for Grievances, do sit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice, do sit every Saturday in the Aitemoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade, do sit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges, and Elections, be appointed, of Mr. Bromley, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Bruce, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Holmes, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Fagg, Sir Wm. Drake, Mr. Curzon, Colonel Sir Gervas Elxces, Sir Tho.Hanmere, Mr. Woollaston, Mr. Stanley, Sir Benj. Bathurst, Mr. Stevens, Mr. Hysham, Mr. Moore, Mr. James, Mr. St. John, Mr. Loe, Mr. Monson, Mr. Gape, Mr. Knatchbull, Mr. Lawson, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Kemp, Sir John Kay, Sir Edw.

Mr. Vernon, Sir Phil. Boteler, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Gorges, Mr. IVebb, Mr. Grahme, Sir Fran.Massam, Mr. Reynell, Sir BryanStapleton, Sir Lord

Mr. Freeman, Mr. Boscawen, Mr. Etterick, Colonel Colchester, Mr. Churchill, Mr Dolben, Mr. Secretary Hedges,

Lord Coningsby, Mr. Co.v, Mr. Haw, Mr. Hide, Mr. ney, Mr. Butler, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Schobell, Sir James Haw, Mr. Shrimpton, Sir Godfrey Copley, Sir Fra. Windham, Sir Chr. Musgrave, Mr. Drake, Mr. Geo. Churchill,

Mr. Onslawe, Mr. Tuck, Sir Tho. Felton, Mr. Trenchard,

Sir Tho. Hales, Mr. Fox, Mr. Barker, Mr. Lord

Bulkley, Mr. iMWther, Mr. Mannaton, Sir Tho. Wroth,

Sir Nicholas Morris, Sir Edw. Turner, Mr. Herne, Sir Chr. Hales, Mr. Ward, Sir Walter Clarges, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Bence, Mr. Perry, Mr. Carey. Mr. Herne,

Lord Hide, Mr. Harvey, Marquis Hartington, Mr. Foley,

Mr. Lee, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Musgrave, Mr. Loxrndes,

Sir Jo. Packington, Sir Tho. Meeres, Mr. , Mr.

Coke, Mr. Buller, Mr. Boule, Colonel Bierley, Mr. Finch,

Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Couper, Mr. Mr. Hoblyn,

Mr. Conyers, Mr. Harley, Mr. Gulston, Mr. Winnington,

Sir Wm. Strickland, Mr. Morgan, Sir Math. Dudley, Mr.

Wilkins, Sir Jo. Levison Gower, Mr. Ashburnham, Mr.

Heme, Mr. Compton, Mr. Bruce, Mr. Clark, Mr. Anstis,

Mr. Foley, Mr. Jetmens: And they are to meet upon Monday next, at Five a Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber, and sit every Wednesday, Friday, and Monday, in the Afternoon; and all, that come, are to have Voices: And they are to take into Consideration all such Matters, as shall or may come in question, touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges; and to proceed upon double Returns in the first Place, and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinion therein, to the House, from time to time: And all Persons, that will question Returns, are to do it in Fourteen Days next, and so within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in:

And the Committee to have Power to send for Persons,

Papers, and Records, for their Information: And all Members who are returned for Two or more Places, are to make their Elections by this Day Three-weeks, for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place: And if any thing shall come in question, touching the Return, Election, or Matter of Privilege, of any Member, he is to withdraw, during the Time the Matter is in Debate: And that all Members, returned upon double Returns, do withdraw, till their Returns are determined.

The House taking notice, by the Book of Returns Returni not from the Clerk of the Crown, that there are no Returns made.

yet made by the Sheriffs for the Counties of Monmouth, Nottingham, Merioneth, and Montgomery;

Resolved, That the Sheriff of the County of for not having made a Return of his Writ, and of the Members, elected to serve in this present Parliament, by Virtue thereof, is guilty of a great Breach of the Privilege of this House.

[ a ] The Proceedings of the House, upon the Two first Days of this Session, are not entered in the Journal, though several blank Leaves are left for that Purpose.

,-Vol. 14. , Ordered,

Returning Officers ordered into Custody.

The Queen's Speech reported.

4 a — 4° Octobris. 170a.

Ordered, That the said Sheriff of the County of Monmouth be, for the said Offence, taken into the Custody t)f the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

kesehced, That the Sheriff of the County of Nottingham for not having made a Upturn of his Writ, and of the Members, elected to servcln this present Parliament, by Virtue thereof, is guilty of a great Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, That the said Sheriff of the County of Nottingham lie, for the said Offence, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Resolved, That the Sheriff of the County of for not having made a Return of his Writ, and of the Member, elected So serve ia this present Parliament, by Virtue there<ff, is guilty of u great Breacfrof the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, '1 hat the said Sheriff of the County of Merioneth be, for the said Offence, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Resolved, That the Sheriff of the County of Montgomery, for not having made a Return of his Writ, and of the Members, elected to serve in thb present Parliament, by Virtue thereof, b guilty of a great Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, That the said Sheriff of the County of Montgomery be, for the said Offence, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending thb House.

The House being moved, that the Speech, made by her Majesty to both Houses, might be reported;

Mr. Speaker neporte<j, that her Majesty was pleased, upon Wednesday last, to make a most gracious Speech to both Houses; and that he had obtained a Copy thereof; -which he read to the House, and is, as followeth; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

IT is with great Satisfaction I meet this Parliament, which 1 have summoned to assist tue in carrying on the just and necessary War, in which we are engaged, I have calf d you together as early as was consistent with your Convenience in coming out of your several Countries; and I assure inyselt ol such Evidences of your Affection to Me, and of your Zeal for our common Cause, as will not only give Spirit and Forwardness to our own Preparations, but such Example and Encouragement to our Allies, as, by God's Blessing, < annot fail of a good Effect, for the Advantage of the whole Confederacy.

1 have met with so many Expressions of Joy and Satisfaction in all the Countries, through which I have lately had ()ccasion to pass, that 1 cannot but look upon them as true Measures of the Duty and Affection of the rest of my Subjects.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I most desire you to grant me such Supplies, as will enable me to comply both with our particular Treaties and Engagements, already made, and such others, as may be necessary, for the Encouragement of our Allies, kind the prosecuting the War, where it shall most sensibly affect our Enemies, and be most effectual, for disappointing the boundless Ambition of France.

And, that my Subjects may the more chearfully bear the necessary Taxes, I desire you to inspect the Accounts of all the public Receipts, and Payments; and, if there have been any Abuses, or Mismanagements, I hope you wiH detect them; that the Offenders may be punished, and others be deterred, by such Examples, from the like Practices.

I must observe to you, with some Concern, that the Funds, given by the last Parliament, have, in some measure, fallen short of the Sums proposed to be raised by them; and though I have already paid, and applied to the publick Service, the Hundred thousand Pound, which I promised to the last Parliament, yet it has not supplied that Deficiency.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I cannot, without much Trouble, take notice to you of the Disappointment we have bad at Cadiz. I have not yet had a particular Account of that Enterprize, nor of 3

all the Difficulties, our Forces may have met with there; but I have had such a Representation of Disorders, and AbueeSi committed at Port St. Marys as hath obliged me to give Directions for the strictest Examination of mat Matter.

I am earnestly desirous, for all oar Sakes, that this may prove a short Session; however, I hope, you will find Time to consider of some better and more effectual Method, to prevent the Exportation of Wool, and to improve that Manufacture, which is of great consequence to the whole Kingdom: On my part nothing shall be omitted for its Encouragement

I am firmly persuaded, that the Love and good Affection of my Subjects h the surest Pledge, of their Duty and Obedience, and die truest and justest Suppoi t of the Throne; and as 1 am resolved to delend and maintain the Church, as by Law' established, and to protect you in the full Enjoyment of all your Rights and Liberties, so I rely upon your Care of me. My Interests, and yours, are inseparable; and my Endeavours shall never be wanting to make you all sale and happy.

Resolved, Nentine contradicente, That an humble Ad- Address

dress be presented to her Majesty, to return the Thanks the Qj ®' of this House, lor her Majesty's most gracious S|>eech peec from the Throne, and for her Promise, to inaint iin the Church, as by Law established, and the Rights and Liberties of the Nation; and to assure her Majesty, that this House will effectually assist her Majesty, in carrying on the M ar, and making good the Alliances, necessary to disappoint the boundless Ambition ol France-, and also to return her Majesty the Thanks of this House, for the great Care her Majesty hath been pleased to have of the Trade, since the late War.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to drew up the said Address.

And it is referred to Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Bromley,

Mr. Hence, Colonel Granville, Sir Chr. Sir

John Levison Gent er, Mr. St. John, Sir 7ho. Littleton,

Mr. Finch, Mr. Solicitor-General, Sir Joseph Jekill, Mr.

Dolben, Lord Coningsby, Sir Richard Onslow, Sir Cha.

Hedges, Mr. Lotvndes, Marquis of Hartington, Sir Tho.

Meers, Colonel Churchill, Lord ChSir IVm. Strickland, Mr. Coke, Mr. Boyle: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chambers.

Resolved, That the said Address be draw n up, upon the said Resolution, and upon the Debate of the House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- The Queen' ing next, take her Majesty's most gracious Speech into Speech >o a further Consideration. cmdeud.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 24" die Octobris;

Anno prim Ann® Regina, 1702.

Praters.

D E SOLVED, That no Member have Privilege, in UinalOnfera. w Case, where he is only a Trustee.

Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right to give his Vote in the Election for any Member to serve in Parliament.

Resolved, That, where the House shall judge any Petition, touching Elections, to be frivolous ana vexatious, the House will order Satisfaction to be made to the Person petitioned against.

Resolved, That, in case it shall appear, any Person hath procured himself to be elected, or returned, as a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery, or any other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Person.

Ordered, That no Letters be delivered out by the Postman, attending this House, until the rising of the House.

Resolved,

i Ann. 44" Qrtobns. 5

Usual Resulted, That, if it shall appear, any Person hath been

Orders. tampering with any Witnesses, in respect of their Evi-dervce to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof, or directly or indirectly endeavoured to deter, or hinder any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence, the saipe is declared to be a high Crime and Misdemeanor, and this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offenders.

Resoked, That, if it shall appear, any Person bath given false Evidence, in any Case, before the House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offenders.

Ordered, That the Back-doors of the Speaker's Chamber be locked up every Day, at the sitting of the House, and the Keys brought, and laid upon the Table, till the rising of the House; and that the same be a Standing Order of the House.

Resolved, That, for any Lord of Parliament or any Eord-lieuteiiant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members, to serve for the Commons in Parliament, the same is a high Infringement of the liberties and Privileges of the Commons of

House Fees. Ordered, That a Table of the Fees, claimed by the Officers of the House, be laid before the House.

Hindoo The House being informed, tia&George Morley, Esquire,

Election — a Member of this House, hath beetfguilty of Bribery, in Bribery by a relation to his Election for the Borough of Hindon, in e r the County of Wilts; and be not being in the House;

Ordered, That the said Mr. Mortey do attend in his Place upon Tuesday Morning next

of Members, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Wilton, in the County of Wilts, the Petitioner, Sir Henry Ashurst, Sir John Hawks, and Geo. Bo-

dingtan, Esquire, stood Candidates; that John the then Mayor of the said Borough, was guilty of many illegal Practices in behalf of Sir Hawles and Mr. Bodington, by admitting unqualified Voters to poll for them, and by making Burgesses, by procuring Votes for them, and denying the Petitioner a Scrutiny (which was demanded, immediately after the Poll) and by returning the said Sir John Hawles, and Mr. Bodington, though the Petitioner had the greater Number of legalVoters for him: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Richard Crawley, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that Sir Roger Hill and the Petitioner stood two of the Candidates at the last Election for the Borough of Wendooer, in the County of Bucks', where Sir Roger Hill, or his Agents, were guilty of Corruption, and indirect Practices, and thereby influenced several of the poorer Sort of People to vote for him; and the Constables also refused to poll several good Voters for the Petitioner, and admitted several to poll for Sir Roger, who had no Right; and, although the Petitioner had a Majority of legal Voters, yet Sir Roger Hill hath procured himself to be returned t And praying the Determination of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Plymptoo

Election.

Westbury

Election.

A Petition of Richard Hele, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, at the Election of Burgesses, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Plymptan, in the County of Devon, the Petitioner, John Williams, RichardEdgcomb, and Jerome, Esquires, stood Candidates; and the Petitioner and Mr. Williams were duly elected, and ought to have been returned; but Mr. Edgcomb and Mr. used

many corrupt Practices, whereby they not only procured many legal Voices, but also many illegal Voices, who were suffered by the Mayor to poll, and many rightful Voters were by the said Mayor refused to be polled for the Petitioner, and Mr. Williams; and many indirect Practices were used by the Mayor and Alilermeo of the said Borough, who have wrongfully returned Mr. Edgcomb and Mr. Jervoise: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Henry and Robert Bertie, Esquires, was iresented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the 'Petitioners were duly elected, to serve in this present Par-ianient for the Borough of Westbury, in the County of Wilts, but by divers illegal Practices of William Trenchard, and The-Phips, Esquires, and their Agents, and the Mayor's polling for them several Persons, whom he knew had no Right to poll, be bath unduly returned Mr. Trent'hard and Mr. Phips, in Wrong to the Petitioners: And praying, that a short Day may be appointed,' to prove the Allegations of the Petition, and that they may be relieved, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Edward Southwell, Esquire, was present-

ed to the House, and read; setting forth, that, at the Election of Barons, to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and Port of Rye, the Petitioner, and T/10. Fagg, and Joseph Offley, Esquires, stood Candidates, and the Petitioner was duly elected one of the Barons; but, contrary to the Custom of the said Town, Francis Young, the then Mayor, admitted several Persons to poll for Mr.

Fagg, and Mr. Offley, as Freemen, who before (in his own Mayoralty) had been put up to be Freemen, and were rejected by the Majority of the legal Freemen; and several other Persons, that were not duly qualified, were polled for Mr. Fagg, and Mr. Offley, whom the said Young hath returned, in Prejudice to the Petitioner: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir Thomas Twisden, Baronet, and Thomas Blisse, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners, and Sir Robert Mar sham, and Sir Tho. Roberts, stood as Candidates at the late Election of Burgesses, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Maidston, in the County of Kent; and the Petitioners were duly elected, and ought to have been returned, though the other Candidates, and also the Mayor, Jurats, and several Freemen, of Maidston, did, by Bribes and unlawful Practices, procure divers Electors to vote for the said Sir Robert Marsharn, and Sir Tho. Roberts, who have procured themselves to be returned: And praying such Relief in the Premises, upon Proof of the Allegations, as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Wilton A Petition of John Gauntlet, Esquire, was presented to A Petition of Sir John Guise, Baronet, was presented to

Election. the House, and read setting forth, that, at the Election the House, and read; setting forth, that, at the Election, . , Vox,. 14. B of

WendoVef

Election.

ttyeElectioa,

Maidston

Election.

Gloucester

County

Election.

Hasleroera

Election.

Whitchurch

Election.

Sudbury

Election.

Cumberland

Election.

6

24° Octobris. A. 1702.

of Knights of the Shire for the Cotitity of John Hoii, Esquire, Maynard Colchester, Esquire, and the Petitioner, stood Candidates; and a Poll being demanded, and taken, it did thereby appear, that Mr. Colchester and the Petitioner had the Majority, and they were duly elected, and ought to have been returned; but Sir Samuel Ekley, the High-sheriff, was prevailed upon, by undue and illegal Practices, to return the said Mr. How, in Wrong to the Petitioner; and the said Sheriff shewed himself very partial against the Petitioner, illegally adding to, and changing, the Votes, and adjourning the Poll at his Pleasure, in Violation of the Rights of Elections: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as is agreeable to Justice.

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this'House.

Ordered, That the same be heard upon Thursday, the Nineteenth Day of November nest.

A Petition of Lewis Oglethorp, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, at the Election of Members, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Haslemere, in the County of Surrey, the Petitioner, George Vernon, Esquire, and James borne, Esquire, stood Candidates, and Mr. Vernon and the Petitioner had a Majority of Voices on the Poll; notwithstanding which, Thomas Dudman, Bailiff of the said Borough, hath maliciously made a double Return of the Petitioner and Mr. Tichborne: And praying the -Relief of the House therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Daniel Park, Esquire, was presented to the House? and read; setting forth, that, at the Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Whitchurch, in the County of Southampton,. the Petitioner was duly chosen one of the Burgesses, and ought to have been returned; but the sitting Members, Richard Woolaston, and John Esquires, did,

by themselves and Agents, use divers corrupt Practices, to procure Votes, and Nicholas Braxton, the Mayor, did poll several unqualified Persons for them, to the Petitioner's Prejudice: And praying, that the House will take the Matter into Consideration, and relieve the Petitioner, as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That the Consideration Of the said Petition be referred to the Committee-of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Henry Mannaton, Esquire was presented Tavistock to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner ctwn was duly, elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for Tavistock, in Devonshire, and tendered an Indenture, sealed by his legal Electors, to the Portreeve, who refused it, and hath returned the Lord James Russell, in Wrong to the Petitioner; that the Portreeve, Steward, and Jury of the said Borough, used divers indirect Practices, and refused legal Voters for the Petitioner, deterring others, and influencing divers to vote for the Lord Russell, contrary to the ancient Constitution of the said Borough: And praying, that the House will take the Matter into Consideration, and grant such Relief therein, as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of John Lade, Esquire, was presented to the Southwark House, and read; setting forth, that, at the Election Electio 1. of Burgesses, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Southwark, the Petitioner, Charles Cox, and JohnCholmley, Esquires, stood Candidates; that the Poll began on the 15th of July, and continued till the next Day in the Afternoon, at which Time the Petitioner had some Hundreds, that came to poll for him; but a great Riot was begun, and carried on, by the Agents and Servants of Mr. Cox, and Mr. Cholmley, whereby not only many Persons that came to poll for the Petitioner, were violently assaulted, and beaten, but also the Constables, and Officers, Who were there, to keep the publick Peace; so that the Petitioner (who could otherwise have polled the Majority of legal Votes) and those, that came to poll for him, not thinking themselves safe, were necessitated to quit the Place of polling, protesting against the same; yet the Bailiff proceeded for the other Candidates, and, by reason of the said violent Proceedings, and other corrupt Practices of the Bailiff, Mr. Cox and Mr. Cholmley procured themselves to be returned, to the Prejudice of the Petitioner: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises, and Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of George Daslncood, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, at the late Election of Burgesses, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, the Petitioner had the greater Number of qualified Votes; but Benjamin Carter, the then Mayor, refused the Votes of several legal Voters, that were for the Petitioner, and polled several, that had no Right, for Joseph Esquire; and by other partial and arbitrary Proceedings of the said Mayor, Mr. Haskenstiles hath procured himself to be returned, in manifest Wrong of the Petitioner: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir Wilfrid Laxcson, Baronet, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner, and Richard Musgruve, Esquire, were duly chosen

.Knights of the Shire for Cumberland, to serve in this present Parliament; but the High-sheriff was, by undue Means, prevailed upon to return Gilfrid Lawson, Esquire, with Mr. Musgrave: And praying the House to grant

him such Relief, as is agreeable to Justice.

v

A Petition of William Courtney, Esquire, was presented Mitchell

to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner ection was duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Mitchell, in the County of Cornwall; but Sir Richard Vivian, the Portreeve, who set up Renatas Bellot, Esquire, for a Candidate, did, in his Favour, reject several qualified Voters for the Petitioner, and admitted several unqualified Votes (and some obtained by Bribery) for the said Mr. Bellot, whom he hath returned with Francis Basset, Esquire, in Wrong to the Petitioner: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same, with their Opinioif therein, to the House.

A Petition of Edward Harvey, Esquire, was presented Clithero to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Peti- Election, tioner was duly chosen a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Chitheroe, in the County of Lancaster, and ought to have been returned; but Thonuis Stringer, Esquire, and Ambrose Pudsey, Esquire, by unlawful and corrupt Practices, have procured themselves to

be

i Ann.

24 — 26°

Higham

Ferrers

Election.

St. Ives Flection.

Ilchester

Election.

be returned Burgesses for the said Borough, in Wrong to the Petitioner: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the honourable Thomas Wentworth, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read,; setting forth, that the Petitioner was duly chosen, by the Majority of legal Voters, a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the County of Northampton; but Daniel Dilip, Mayor of the said Borough, admitted several Persons to poll for Thomas Pemberton, Esquire, who had no Right to poll, and refused others to poll for the Petitioner, that had a Right so to do; and the Petitioner,doubts not to prove, that the said Mr. Pemberton, by Bribery, Threatening, and other indirect Practices, both by himself, the said Mayor, and other Agents, obtained several Votes, and procure himself to be returned, to the Prejudice of the Petitioner: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as the House shall think meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of John Pitt, Esquire, was presented to the . House, and read; setting forth, that, at the Election of Burgesses, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of St. Ives, in the County of Cornwall, the Petitioner, James Praed, and Richard Chandler, Esquires, stood Candidates; that the Right of Election is in the Inhabitants, not receiving Alms; and about One hundred and Seventy of such Persons demanded of John Hicks, the Mayor, to be polled for the Petitioner, and Mr. Praed-, but the said Mayor (contrary to the Determinations of this House in 1660, and 1661) did arbitrarily refuse to let the said Inhabitants poll, declaring, that the Right of Election was (by the late King James the Second's Charter) vested in the Mayor, Capital Burgesses, and Assistants, who are but Sixteen in Number; and thereupon illegally hath returned the said RichardChandMr.Praed

and the Petitioner had the Majority of legal Votes: And praying the Justice of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said'Committee, that they do appoint, to hear the Matter of the said Petition upon Tuesday,the 24th Day of November next.

A Petition of John Webb, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, at the Election of Burgesses, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ilchester, in the County of Somerset, there stood Candidates Sir Francis IVwho had for him ' Seventy-two Electors, the Petitioner, Sixty-six, and James

Anderton, Esquire, had but Twenty-eight; upon which the Petitioner expected tohavc been declared duly chosen, with Sir Francis Windham',but though the

Bailiff, made no Exception to any of the said Voters at the former Election (he being then Bailiff also) nor upon calling over the Poll, yet he refused to declare the Petitioner, but adjourned till Five a Clock in the Afternoon, and hurried to his own House, which is an Alehouse, and returned to the Hall at Five a Clock; when, by some undue Means used in the mean time, he caused his Clerk to declare Mr. Anderton duly elected, with Sir Francis Windham, and then adjourned again to his own House, and about an Hour after made Proclamation, and dismissed the Court (as he called it) saying, be would make the Return at his Pleasure; and (as he'had before said, he would return Mr. Anderton, if he had but five Votes) Vol.14.-

accordingly has returned Mr. Anderton-, in Wrong to the Petitioner: And praying, that the House will take the Premises into Examination, and give such Relief therein, as shall be just

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of John Burford, and others, Inhabitants, Ilcester and legal Voters, of and for the Borough of Ilcester, in Election the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that Sir Francis Windham and John Webb, Esquire, were duly chosen Burgesses, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough; but the Bailiff hath unduly returned Mr. James Anderton with Sir Francis Windham; the said Bailiff' having often declared, that he would return Mr. Anderton, right or wrong, if he had but five Votes; which undue Return is in Prejudice of the Petitioners, and the legal Voters of the said . Borough 1 And pVayinj Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the Housse.

A Petition of John Williams, Esquire, was presented to Plympfoa the House, and read; setting forth, that, at the Election E ctl0ft‘ of Burgesses, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Plympton, in the County of Devon, the Petitioner, and Richard Hele, Esquire, had a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned; but Edgcombe and Thomas Gerooise, Esquires, by several cor supt and illegal Practices, procured a great many legal and illegal Voters, who were suffered by the Mayor to poll for them; and the Mayor refused several qualified Persons to vote for the Petitioner, and Mr. Hele, and made several Persons free, who . had no Right to their Freedom, and refused to make others free, who had a Right to the same; and the Mayor and Aldermen of the said Borough did use several other indirect Means, in Violation of the ancient Rights and Privileges of the said Borough, and have returned the said Mr. Edo combe and

o 9 9 o

Mr. Gerooise: And praying, that the House tyill relieve the Petitioner, as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House,

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna, 26° die Octobris;

Anno primo Annas Regina, 1702.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Hairy Lord Shelbortie was chipping presented to the House, and read; setting forth, Wicomb that the Petitioner was one of the Candidates at the last klecUon Election of Members, to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Chipping Wicombe, in the County of Bucks; where a great Number of qualified Electors voted for the Petitioner, but divers unqualified Persons were arbitrarily received by the Mayor, to vote for Fleetwood Dormer,

Esquire; whereby, and by many other undue Practices,

Mr. Dormer was returned, in Prejudice to the Petitioner:

And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do exatnine the Matter thereof, and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, upon the Question, That the Votes of this Printing the House be printed; and that Mr. Speaker do peruse the Vote»-13 same,

6° Octoiris.

Irish Forfeitures.

Andovef

Election.

Aylesbury

Election.

Mil born Port Election.

Fast Retford Election.

A. 1702.

same, and Appoint the printing thereof; and that no other do presume to print the same, but such, as he shall appoint.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, that John chard and John Baggs, Esquires, Two of the Trustees for the Irish Forfeitures, are come over, to give an Account of their Proceedings; and that their Papers are coming, and, as soon as they come, they will attend the House.

Resolved, Nomine contradicente, That, there having, in

the former Parliament, been a time appointed, for receiving all the Petitions, relating to the Irish Forfeitures, this House doth declare, that they will not receive any more Petitions, relating to the said Forfeitures.

A Petition of Sir John Cope, Knight, and Francis may, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners were duly elected Bur-igesses, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Andcroer,in the County of Southampton; but Gabriel Goldny, Bailiff of the said Borough, being prevailed on by indirect and illegal Practices, hath returned John Smith Esquire, and Francis Sheppard, Esquire, in Prejudice of the Petitioners: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of George Wilson, Alexander Dover, and others, Inhabitants of the Borough of Aylesbury, in the County of Bucks,in behalf of themselves, and other Householders in the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, at the Election of Members, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, h greater Number of qualified Voters appeared, and would have polled, for Simon Moyne, Esquire, who ought to have been returned; but many of such Voters were, by the Constables of the said Borough, refused their Poll, on purpose to make a pretended Majority for Sir John Packmgton, who is returned; and other illegal Practices were used: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of John Hailey, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, at the Election of Burgesses, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Milbom Part, in the County of Somerset, the Petitioner, Sir Thomas Travell, and John Hunt, Esquire, stood Candidates; and the Petitioner had a Majority of legal Votes of Air. Hunt, and was declared duly chosen in the public Hall, attd at the Cross, and was accordingly returned by JVm. Smoky one of the Bailiffs of the said Borough; but Guy While, the other Bailiff, was, by Mr. Hunt, prevailed upon to return him with Sir Tho. Travell; by reason of which double Return the Petitioner is greatly injured: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir Willoughby Hickman, Baronet, and William Levinz, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, at the Election of Burgesses, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of East Retford, in the County of Nottingham, the Petitioners, and John Thornhagh, and Esquires,

stood Candidates; that William Bellamy and John Reynolds, Bailiffs of the said Borough, exercised an arbitrary and illegal Power, in admitting several Persons to be free, contrary to the Rights and Custom of the said Borough, and entering them in their Poll, as Votes for Mr. hugh and Mr. White; and did also refuse to admit, and

enter into their Poll, several Persons, who had a Right to vote, and did demand, and declare, their Vote3 for the Petitioners; by reason whereof, and other undue Practices, Mr. Thornhagh and Air. White have procured themsselves to be returned, although the Petitioners had a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises, and speedy Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Alatter thereof, and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do appoint a particular Day of the Week, which the Committee do not usually sit upon, to hear the Alatter of the said Petition.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction also to the said Committee, that they do appoint the Alatter of the said Petition to be heard upon 'Tuesday, the Seventeenth Day of November next.

A Petition of James Titchboime, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner Geo. Vernon, and Lewis Oglethorp, Esquires, stood Candidates at the Election of Alembers, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of ,in the County of Surrey; that the Bailiff of the said Borough hath made

a Return, by two Indentures, of all the said Parties, though he ought, in Justice, to have returned only the said Air. Vernon and the Petitioner, Mr. Oglethorp being a Minor, and therefore unqualified, either to be elected, or to sit in Parliament: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Mr. Bromley reported from the Committee, who were appointed to draw up the Address to her Majesty, that they have drawn up the same accordingly, and had directed him to report the same to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as lolloweth, viz.

Alost gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons, in Parliament assembled, do beg Leave to lay before your Majesty our most humble and hearty Thanks, for your most gracious Speech from the Throne; which gives us such Instances of your Majesty's tender Concern for your People, and of your intire Confidence in their Affections, as must engage them to make your Majesty the utmost Returns of Duty and Gratitude.

It is great Condescension in your Majesty, to take Notice, in so publick a Manner, of the Expressions of Joy and Satisfaction with which your Majesty was received in all the Countries, through which you had occasion lately to pass: All your Subjects have already received so many Benefits under the Influence of your Majesty's happy Government, that your Majesty must have met with the like in any other Part of your Dominions, that you had honoured with your Royal Presence.

The late Disappointment at Cadiz does the more affect us, because it gives your Majesty so much Trouble; but this Misfortune cannot make us forget, that the Protection and Security of our Trade, the vigorous Support of your Majesty's Allies, and the wonderful Progress of your Majesty's Arms, under the Conduct of the Earl of Marlborough, have signally retrieved the ancient Honour and Glory of the English Nation.

After your Majesty's repeated Assurances, u'e neither doubt of the full Enjoyment of all our Rights and Lilter-ties, nor of your Majesty's defending and maintaining the Church, as by Law established. Your Majesty has been always a most illustrious Ornament to this Church, and have been exposed to some Hazards for it; and therefore we promise ourselves, that, in your Majesty's Reign, we

shall

Hasleroere

Election.

Address on the Queen's Speech


i Ann.

26° — -2 Octobris.

9

shall see it perfectly restored to its due Rights and Privileges, and secured in the same to Posterity; which is only to be done, by divesting those Men of the Power, who have shewn, they want not the Will, to destroy it.

The Prospect of these Blessings, and your Majesty's Desire, to have, the Accounts of the publick Receipts, and Payments, inspected, and to have any Abuses and Mismanagements thereof punished, will very much endear , your Majesty to your People, and encourage us most chearfully to assist your Majesty with those Supplies, that may effectually enable your Majesty to make good such Alliances, as shall be necessary to prosecute the War, where it shall most sensibly affect your Enemies, and thereby disappoint the boundless Ambition of

Your Majesty may safely rely upon the Care of your faithful Commons. The Value, you are pleased to set upon the Love and Affection of your Subjects, is the highest Obligation, that can be laid on them, to give your Majesty Pledges thereof, in their Duty and Obedience: They are, and shall always be, sensible, that your Majesty's Interests, and theirs, are inseparable; and as they gratefully acknowledge your Majesty's great Designs, to make them safe and happy, so their Prayers, and sincerest Endeavours, shall never be wanting, to make your Majesty's Reign more prosperous, and more glorious, than any of your Majesty's royal Predecessors.

The said Address being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out the Word " retrieved," and inserting " maintained instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Word " retrieved" stand Part of the Address;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,

Mr. Bromley,

Mr. Tredenham:

Tellers for the Noes,

Sir Richard Onslow,

Mr. PotUtney:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed

j 180.

y

80.

leaving out the Word " some," before

inserting "

instead thereof.

to be made, by " Hazards," and

o great

And the same was, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the said Address, so amended, be agreed unto, to be presented to her Majesty: And the same is, as follow eth; viz.

doubt of the full Enjoyment of all our Rights and Liber- Address on ties, nor of your Majesty's defending and maintaining the "een' Church, as by Law established. Your Majesty has been always a most illustrious Ornament to this Church, and have been exposed to great Hazards for it; and therefore we promise ourselves, that, in your Majesty's Reign, we shall see it perfectly restored to its due Rights and Privileges, and secured in the same to Posterity; which is only to be done, by divesting those Men of the Power, who have shewn, they want ndt the Will, to destroy it.

The Prospect of these Blessings, and your Majesty's Desire, to have the Accounts of the Publick Receipts, and Payments, inspected, and to have any Abuses and Mismanagements thereof punished, will very muchendear your Majesty to your People, and encourage, us most chearfully to assist your Majesty with those Supplies, that may effectually enable your Majesty to make good such Alliances, as shall be necessary to prosecute the War, where it shall most sensibly affect your Enemies, and thereby disappoint the boundless Ambition of France.

Your Majesty may safely rely upon the Care of your faithful Commons. The Value, you are pleased to set upon the Love and Affection of your Subjects, is the highest Obligation, that can be laid on them, to give your Majesty Pledges thereof, in their Duty and Obedience:

They are, and shall always be, sensible, that your Majesty's Interests, and theirs, are inseparable; and as they gratefully acknowledge your Majesty's great Designs, to make them safe and happy, so their Prayers, and sincerest Endeavours, shall never be wanting, to make your Majesty's Reign more prosperous, and more glorious, than any of your Majesty's royal Predecessors.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council, do humbly know her Majesty's Pleasure, when she will be attended by this House.

The House (according to Order) proceeded to take into Consideration her Majesty's most gracious Speech.

And the same being again read;

And a Motion being made, for a Supply to be granted Supply, to her Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

Ordered, That the Consideration of her Majesty's Speech be referred to the said Committee.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons, in Parliament assembled, do beg Leave to lay before your Majesty our most humble and hearty Thanks, for your most gracious Speech from the Throne; which gives us such Instances of your Majesty's tender Concern for your People, and of your intire Confidence in their Affections, as must engage them to make your Majesty the utmost Returns of Duty and Gratitude.

It is great Condescension in your Majesty, to take notice, in so publick a Manner, of the Expressions of Joy and Satisfaction, with which your Majesty was received in all the Countries, through which you had Occasion lately to pass: All your Subjects have already received so many Benefits under the Influence of your Majesty's happy Government, that your Majesty must have met with the like in any other Part of your Dominions, that you had honoured with your royal Presence.

The late Disappointment at does the more affect ns, because it gives your Majesty so much Trouble; but this Misfortune cannot make us forget, that the Protection and Security of our Trade, the vigorous Support of your Majesty's Allies, and the wonderful Progress of your Majesty's Arms, under the Conduct of the Earl of Marlborough, have signally retrieved the ancient Honour and Glory of the English Nation.

After your Majesty's repeated Assurances, we neither Vol. 14.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, that the Clerk of the Nottingham Crown had, upon Saturday Night last, sent, to the Clerk County of the House, a Certificate, that the Sheriff of the County Return-of Nottmgham had made his Return for the said County.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 27° die O; Anno primo Ann® Regina.

Prayers.

MR. Secretary Hedges reported, that her Majesty Queen ap-having been attended (according to Order) humbly points to be to know her Majesty's Pleasure, when she would be at- altend d. tended by this House, her Majesty has been pleased to appoint this Day, at One a Clock, at St. James's.

A Petition of Sir Henry Ashurst, Baronet, was presented Wilton to the House, and read; setting forth, that, at the Election. Election of Members, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Wilton, in the County of the Petitioner, John Gauntlet, Esquire, Sir John and Geo. Bodington, Esquire, stood Candidates; that John Franker, then Mayor of the said Borough, admitted several illegal Votes for Sir John Hawles, and Mr.

C

Milbonw Port Election.

Ditto.

St. Albani Election.

High Price of Coals.

io 27 % -a8 ° Octohris.A. 170a.

ton, and he, and Elias Chalk, the former Mayor, were Smith, Sir Fran. Wyndhtim, Lord Cotungsby, Mr. Lowndes, guilty of many indirect Practices, in making Burgesses, Mr. Sir Tho. Hanmer, Mr. Gape, Sir Roger

and procuring Votes; that the Petitioner, immediately Mostyn, Lord Powlet, Sir Lord Chenie,

after the Poll was closed, demanded a Scrutiny, but Mr. Lake, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Wilkins, Mr. Crosse, Mr.

Pranktr denied it, and hath returned Sir John Hawles Smithson, Mr. Curson, Sir Tho. Cooke; and all for the and Mr. Boding ton, though the Petitioner had a Majority Cities of London and Westminster, and the Borough of of legal Votes from either of them: And graying such Southwark: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Relief, as to the House shall seem mdet. Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition to send for Persons, Papers, and Records, be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections;

and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report The Order of the Day being read, for Mr. to Hindon

the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of John Hunt, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, at the Election And Mr. Morley insisting upon his Innocency;

of Members, to serve in this present Parliament for the Ordered, That the Matter of the said Charge be heard

Borough of Milborne Port, in the County of Somerset, upon Thursday, the Twenty-sixth Day of November next Sir Tho. Travell, the Petitioner, and John Henley, Esquire, Ordered, That the said Charge be delivered in writing;

stood Candidates; and Sir Tho. Travell, and the Peti- and that Mr. Morley have a Copy thereof, tioner, had the Majority of legal Votes, and accordingly And Mr. Jervoise gave in the same, as followeth; viz.

are returned by Guy White, one of the Bailiffs of the said That George Morley, Esquire, and his Agents, Mr. Wm.

Borough, under the proper Seal of the said Borough; Piste!I, Richard St reel senior, Samuel Bracher, John yet Mr. Henley hath prevailed with William Snook (the son, Bailiff, William Oborne, Fanner Longer, and John other Bailiff) to return him, by another Indenture, with Huddon, did, by Bribes, and corrupt illegal Practices,

Sir Tho. Travell, in Prejudice of the Petitioner; And procure him, the said Mr. Morley, to be returned, in this ing Relief in the Premises. present Parliament, a Burgess for the Borough of Hindon.

raered. That the Consideration of the said Petition Ordered, That the said Parties be heard by their

be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; Counsel, if they think fit. and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report

the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House. The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Supply.

Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion,

A Petition of Thomas Medlicott, Esquire, was present- made Yesterday, for a Supply to be granted to her Ma-ed to the House, and read; setting forth, that there are jesty.

several capital Bailiw icks within the Borough of Milborne Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Port, cf which Sir Tho. Travell has Five, and by turns Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee,

the Capital Bailiffs nominate the Under Bailiffs, who are Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

the Magistrates of the said Town, and to whom the Pre- Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that

eept, for electing Burgesses to Parliament, is directed, and they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed who have the forming of the Lists of the Voters, Manage- him to report, when the House will please to receive the ment of the Election, and Return of the Precept; that same.

this Year Sir Tho. Travell bad the naming of both the Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Under Bailiffs, w hereby, in Effect, Sir Tho. Travell is Morning, returned by himself; that, soon after the late King's

Death, Sir Tho.Travell, by his Agent, Eduard Feltram, And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow distributed great Doles of Corn to many of the Electors, Morning, Nine a Clock.

and also another Dole just before the last Election; by__________"__________

which illegal Practices, Sir Tho. Travell procured himself to be returned, though neither duly elected, or re- 28 die Octobris;

turned, as the Petitioner conceives: And praying the

Consideration of the House in the Premises. Anno primo Ann® Regime.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; Pea vers.

and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report (ORDEThat Doctor Whincop be desired to Dr. Whincop the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House. preach before this House at Si. Margaret's, West- to Pr®ac ' on

minster, upon the 5th Day of November next; and that 51,1 Nov

A Petition of Thomas Lomax, Esquire, was presented Mr. Bertie and Mr. Verney do acquaint him therewith, to the House, and read; setting forth, that, at the Election

of Members, to serve in this present Parliament for the Ordered, That the Committee, appointed to enquire High Prie Borough of St. Albans, many qualified Electors voted into the Reasons of the excessive Price of Coals within of Coal , for the Petitioner; but many illegal Methods, and corrupt the weekly Bills of Mortality, be revived; and that Mr.

Practices, were used on the behalf of John Gape, Esquire, Hayes, Mr. Mr. Fox, Mr. llby, Mr. Moun-

m Prejudice of the Petitioner: And praying Relief in the tague, Mr. Verney, Mr. Mitchell, Sir John Kay, Mr.

Premises. Boyle, Mr. Conyers, Sir Rich. Mr. Cruggs, Sir

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be Jos. Tredenham, Colonel Granville, Mr. referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; Sir Wm. Mr. St. Loe, Mr. Vernon, be added

and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report to the said Committee,

the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Mr. Speaker reported, that he, with the House, did Answer t Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to enquire Yesterday present their humble Address to her Majesty; Addres# into the Reasons of the excessive Price of Coals within the and that her Majesty was pleased to receive the same weekly Bills of Mortality; and to consider of some Means, very graciously, and to give this Answer; viz. for lowering the same, and preventing the like excessive Prices for the future; and report the same to the House. Gentlemen,

And it is referred to Mr. Chancellor of the Dutchy, I Thank you very kindly for the many Marks of your Sir' Charles Duncombe, Mr. Renda, Mr. Goreing, Mr. Duty and Affection, expressed in this Address.

Comptroller, Mr. Webb, Sir Chr. Musgrave, Mr. Pember-Nothing can be a greater Satisfaction to me, than an ion. Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Rozvnty, Lord Dysert, Mr. intire Confidence between me and my Subjects.

Mr.

attend m his Place; and he attending accordingly; the j: ,

Charge against him was opened by Thomas Jervoise, Member. *

V

i Ann. 28 — 30' — 31 Octobris. 11

Supply Mr. Conyers reported froth (lie Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred, to consider of the Motion, for a Supply to be granted to her Majesty, the Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is, as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to her Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine co That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply, granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 30 die Anno prim Ann® Regina.

Peaters.

FoweyElec- A PETITION of John William, Esquire, was t 0 Jl\. presented, to the House, and read; setting forth,

that, at the Election of Members, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the County of

Cornwall, the Petitioner was duly chosen one of the Burgesses, and ought to have been returned; but, by means of several illegal and corrupt Practices, used by John Hicks, Esquire, and his Agents, he hath procured himself to be returned in the room of the Petitioner: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

winct'elsea A Petition of Robert Austen, Esquire, was presented to Election. the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner was duly elected a Member, to serve in this present Parliament for the Port of /Vinin the County of Sussex;

yet the Mayor of Win hath been induced, by

divers undue Practices, not to return the Petitioner: And praying such Relief, as to the House shall seem meet

And the said Petition not mentioning against whom he petitioned;

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House;

It passed in the Negative.

Sabbati, 31 die Octobris;

Anno prim Ann® Regina.

Peaters.

ORDERED, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, Tythe of for ascertaining the Tythes of Hops; and that Hops.

Mr. Pitt, Mr. Norton, and Mr. , do prepare,

and bring in, the same.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported froth the Supply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred, to consider of the Supply, granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Forty thousand Men be employed in the Sea Service, for the Year 1703.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for the maintaining the said 40,000 Men for Thirteen Months, Four Pound a Man, per Mensem, be allowed, including the Ordnance for Sea Service.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of One hundred Twenty-nine thousand Three hundred and Fourteen Pounds, Ten Shillings, and Three-pence, be allowed for the Ordinary of the Navy, for the Year 1703.

The say! Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed uiito by the House.

A Bill, for the easier Recovery of Servants Wages, and Recovery of for the punishing of idle and disorderly Servants, was read Wage , a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Drake, Mr. Harley, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Sir

Fran.Windham, Sir John Pole, Mr. Moor, Mr. Marks,

Mr. Conyers, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Hatnond, Mr. Btilkly, Mr.

Boyle, Sir Tho. Hammer, Mr. Comyns, Sir Gere. Elues,

Sir Dudly Cullum, Mr. Goring, Mr. Guy, Sir Onslow, Mr. Gwyn, Sir Cha. Hotham, Sir Jos. Jekyll,

Mr. Moncton, Mr. Evelyn, Sir John Mordent, Sir IVm.

Hustler, Mr. Lome, Mr. Tuck, Sir John Kay, Mr. Vernon,

Mr. Curson, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Jessop: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for Money for the more easy Recovery of Monies for repairing Churches; repairing and that Mr. Conyers and Mr. Dolben do prepare, and Churches, bring in, the Bill. c‘

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply, granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also reported from the said Committee, that he was directed to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of- the whole House, to consider further of the Supply, granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning Poor-next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the most effectual Ways, for setting the Poor on Work.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for Ditto, the better providing for, ana settling of the Poor, in Places extra-parochial; and that Mr. Webb and Mr.

Jessop do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for Poor Law , explaining of the Laws, relating to the settling of the Poor; and that Mr. Brewer and Sir Joseph Trcdenham do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine a Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Vo l. 14.


o

11

1

— 30 — 40 N

A. 1701.

Luna, 2 Novembris;

Anno primo Ann Regina.

PRAYERS.

Coainitteei. ORDERED, That all Committees be revived.

Montgomery Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, that the Clerk of County Re- Crown hath this Day certified, that the Sheriff of the County of Montgomery hath made his Return of the Members for the said County.

Privilege — A Complaint being made to the House, by Sir John Influencing Packington, against the Lord Bishop of , and

Ejections, by Lloyd, his Son, relating to the Rights and Privileges of the House of Commons

Resolved, That a Day be appointed to take into Consideration the said Complaint.

Ordered, That the same be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday, the 18th Day of November instant.

Resolutions respecting Impeachments of Earls Portland, Orford, &c.

A Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That Right hath not been done the Commons, upon the Impeachments, before the Lords, brought against divers Peers in the 13th Year of his late Majesty's Reign;

The previous Question was put, that That Question be now put:

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,

Sir Edmund Bacon,

Mr. Curson:

Tellers for the Noes,

Mr. Hampden,

Mr. Cox:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That Right hath not been done the Commons, upon the Impeachments, before the Lords, brought against divers Peers in the 13th Year of his late Majesty's Reign.

} >89-

] 8l.

The Order of the Day was read.

Supply, Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday

Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply, granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 5 Novembris;

Anno primo Ann Regina.

Prayers.

Small Debts. f\RDERED, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

for the easier Recovery of Small Debts; and that Sir John Kay and Sir William Hustler do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Abe twith A Petition of the Deputy-lieutenants, Justices of the

Harbour. Peace, Gentlemen, Freeholders, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of the County of Cardigan, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Port of Aberystxvithis commodiously situated for the Trade of the adjacent Counties; and that the Harbour thereof wants Reparation, and a small Pier to be erected, for the Safety of the Vessels coming in there: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for the repairing and amending the said Harbour, and erecting a Pier there.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir Humphry Mackworth and Mr. Lloyd do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of several Merchants, and Traders, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners are very sensible, that Trade lies under many Difficulties, and Mischiefs, by the ill Practices of the Keepers of the Queen's Bench, and Warden of the Fleet, Prisons, which are become mere Licensing Offices to all ill-designing Dealers, to defraud and affront their Creditors; whereby all the Laws, to confine Persons, are rendered insignificant, which tends to the Ruin of all personal Credit: And praying, that the House do redress their Grievances, by such Methods, as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for regulating the Prisons of the Queen's Bench and Fleet; and that Mr. Crosse and Sir Walter Clarges do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Queen's Bench and FleetPrisoas.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Poor. Committee of the whole House, to consider of the most effectual Ways, for setting the Poor on Work.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Humphry Mackworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Humphry Mackworth reported fVom the said Committee, that they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred, and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the most effectual Ways, for setting the Poor on Work.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 4 die Novembris;

Anno primo Ann Regina.

Prayers.

A PETIT ION of Edward Griffith, Esquire, and orf0rd El«c-Charles May, Esquire, was presented to the House, tion. and read; setting forth, that the Sheriff of the County of Suffolk having directed a Precept to the Mayor of Orford, for electing Burgesses, to serve in this present Parliament, one John Hook, pretending to be Mayor (although found not to be so, upon a Trial at Bar) possessed himself of the said Precept, and, on the 25th of July last, divers Persons, before him, proceeded to an Election, and he has returned Sir Edmond Bacon and Sir Edward Turner; that the same Day, before Daniel Whitby, Esquire (the rightful Mayor of the said Borough) several other qualified Voters, being a great Majority, elected the Petitioners, and many of them, with Mr.

Whitby, executed an Indenture of Return, under the common Seal of the said Borough, and tendered it to the said Sheriff; who refused to accept it, but accepted of the said other Return; and he did also refuse to give the said Precept to Mr. Whitby, though he applied himself to the Sheriff, before the Election; which partial Proceeding of the Sheriff, and John Hook, are to the Prejudice of the Petitioners, who were duly elected, and returned, and not Sir Edmund Bacon and Sir Edward Turner: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises, and Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the sahie, with their Opinion, therein to the House.

A Petition of Thomas Thurston, Esquire, Mayor of the Ditto. Borough of Orford, in the County of Suffolk, and several of the Commonalty and Freemen of the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, a Precept being issued, from the Sheriff of the said County,

to

i Ann.

Novembris.

HiwJon

Election.

to the Mayor of the said Borough, to elect Burgesses, to Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be serve in this present Parliament, one John Hook, illegally referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; pretending himself to be Mayor, got the Precept, and and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report proceeded to an Election, and hath unduly returned Sir the same, "with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Edmund Bacon, and Sir Edward Turner, who were not

legally chosen; that the Petitioner Whitby (as rightful A Petition of John Potter, Esquire, was presented to Colchester Mayor) on the same Day proceeded to an Election, with the House, and read; setting forth, that, at the Election Election, divers other legal Voters, and duly chose Edward Grif- of Burgesses, to serve in this present Parliament for -Jith, and Charles May, Esquires, and accordingly made Chester, in the County of Essex, the Petitioner, Sir Tho-a Return, and tendered it to the said Sheriff who refused tnas Coke, Knight, and Sir Isaac stood Candi-

to receive it, and accepted of Hook's Return; all which dates; and Sir Isaac Rebow, and his Agents, by Bribery, undue Proceedings are in Violation of the Rights of the and corrupt Practices, procured several Electors for him, Petitioners: And praying Relief therein. and was thereupon returned, in Wrong to the Petitioner:

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition And prayirfg Relief in the Premises, be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House. and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report

the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Thomas James, and John Anderson, on behalf of themselves, and others, the unbribed Burgesses A Petition of several Freemen of the Borough of - Ditto, of the Borough of liindon,in the County of ! Tilts, was Chester, in the County of Essex, on behalf of themselves, presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, at and many others of the Freemen of the said Town, was

presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, at the Election of Burgesses, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, by Bribery, and corrupt Practices, Sir Isaac and his Agents, procured

several of the Electors to vote for Sir Isaac, who was thereupon returned, in Wrong to John Potter, Esquire,

Merioneth

County

Return.

Privitegi

the Election of Burgesses, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, Henry Killigrew, Thomas Jervoise, George Morley, Esquires, and Sir James Hoax, stood Candidates; that Mr. Morley, and his Agents, did not only, by Bribes, Treats, and illegal Practices, procure several Votes, but also did procure the Bailiff to be very

partial at the Election, in admitting several illegal Voters who otherwise would have been duly elected, for Mr. Morley, and refusing several good Votes for Mr. Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be Jervoise, and Mr. Killigrew; and that, although they referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; had a Majority, yet the Bailiff hath returned Mr. Morley: and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report

And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of the House, upon the 26th Day of November instant, when the Matter of the Charge against Mr. Morley is appointed to be heard.

the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Winebelsea

Election.

A Petition of the free Burgesses of the Corporation of Ditto. Colchester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that Sir Thomas Cook, and his Agents, did, by Bribes, Threats, Treats, and other undue Means, prevail A Petition of Robert Austen, Esquire, was presented upon several Electors to chuse him for one of the Bur-to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner gesses,- to serve them in this present Parliament, and hath was duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Par- procured himself.to be returned, though he was not duly liament for the Port of Winchelsea, in the County of elected: And praying the House, to take the Premises into Sussex; but the Mayor, by divers undue Practices, hath Consideration, and relieve them therein, been induced to return James Hayes, Esquire, instead of Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be the Petitioner: And praying Relief therein. referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections;

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House, and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report

the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House. A Petition of John Birch, Esquire, was presented to Weebly

the House, and read; setting forth, that, at the Election Election. Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, that the Clerk of of Members, to serve in this present Parliament for the the Crown hath certified, that the Sheriff of the County Borough of in the County of Hereford, the Peti-

of Merioneth hath Yesterday made his Return of the tioner, Henry Cornwall, and Tho. Price, Esquires, stood Knight of the Shire for the said County. Candidates; that Mr. Conrwall procured himself to be

elected, by bribing the major Part of the Electors with A Petition of William Burnell, Esquire, High slier iff 5/. a Man, and did also treat them at Home, and at

tions for Die charge.

uonsfor Die- le ounBv of Nottingham, was presented to the House, publick Houses; and the said Mr. Price, and his Agents, and read; acknowledging his Offence, for having incur- did also give considerable Bribes, and Treats, to many red the Displeasure of the House, in regard there was of the Electors, and prevailed with the Constables (who are the proper Officers there) to admit several unqualified Votes for Mr. Price, and rejected divers legal Votes for the Petitioner; by which unfair Practices Mr. Price procured an equal Number of Votes with the Petitioner, who ought to have been returned, or at least the said Bailiffs ought to have made a double Return of the Petitioner and Mr. Price', but they have returned Mr. Cornwall and Mr. Price, in Wrong to the Petitioner: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

not a Return made of the Writ, for the Members for the said County, Mr. Simon Jackson, his Under-sheriff, having undertaken to do the same.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Burnell be brought to the House' upon Friday Morning next, to be examined, touching the not returning the said Writ.

P P

Ordered, That Mr. Simon Jackson, Under-sheriff of the County of Nottingham, be summoned to attend this House upon Friday Morning next. f

Steyning Ucc lion.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition A Petition of Charles Jagg, Esquire, was presented to be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections;

the House, and read; setting forth, that Charles Goring and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report Esquire, and his Agents, by Bribes, counterfeit Letters, the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House, and other undue Practices, hath procured himself to be

returned one of the Burgesses, to serve in this present Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- Colchester Parliament for the Borough of Steyning, in the County of tions do appoint another Day, for the hearing the Matter Election. Sussex, in Wrong to the Petitioner, who, upon a free of the Petitions, touching the Election for the Borough Election, would have had a greater Number of legal oiColchester, than what the Committee do usually sit upon.

Votes: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Vol. 14. D Mr.

14

6° Novembris.

A \ 1702.

Day of public Thankigiv-ing appointed,

Queen goes to St. Pauls.

Address of Thanks.

The House to go to St. Paul's.

Mr. Secretary Hedges acquainted the House, that he was commanded by the Queen to acquaint this House, that her Majesty had appointed Thursday, the 12th Instant to be observed, in London and I leal minster, and the Places adjacent, as a Day of publick Thanksgiving to Almighty God, on.Occasion of the great Successes of her Majesty's Arms, and those of her Allies; and particularly, that of her Troops under the Conduct of the Earl of Marlborough, that of the Forces under the Command

of the Duke of Ormond at J and also for the extraordinary Success of the Fleet under the Command of Sir George Rook.

And, for the greater Solemnity of that Day, her Majesty will be pleased to go to Saint s Church, as has been accustomed in former Times, in this Kingdom, to return Thanks to Almighty God, for the signal and great Successes, in which not only her Majesty, but all her Subjects are so highly concerned.

And further acquainted the House, that her Majesty hath been pleased to give necessary Orders, for providing convenient Places, in the said Cathedral, for the Members of this House, as well as for the House of Lords.

Upon which, Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, that the Surveyor of her Majesty's Works had been with him this Morning, and acquainted him, that her Majesty had been pleased to give Orders, for making the due Preparations for the Conveniency of all the Members, to attend her Majesty, that they might be seated to their Conveniency.

Resolved, That the humble Thanks of this House be returned to her Majesty, for her Majesty's gracious Favour, in communicating to this House her Intention of going to Saint Paul's, upon the Day of Thanksgiving for the Successes of her Majesty's Arms.

Ordered, That the said humble Thanks be presented to her Majesty ,by such Members of this House, as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, That this House will attend her Majesty, as a House, to Saint Paufs Church, upon the Day appointed for a" publick Thanksgiving.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Supply, next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply, granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning,

Nine a Clock.

Veneris, die Novembris; Anno primo Annas Regina.

Prayers.

Occasional Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for Conformity, preventing occasional Conformity; apd that Mr. Bromley, Mr. Saint John, and Mr. do prepare, and

bring in, the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read;

Treaties re- Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her lating to the Majesty that she will be pleased to give Directions, for War Copies of the Treaties, relating to the War, to be laid

before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House, as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Army and Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, Navy Ac- of the Charges of the Forces in her Majesty's Pay, for counts, tic.jjg year 1702, and the times they entered into Service;

and also an Estimate of the Charge of the Land Forces, for the Year 1703, to be provided, according to the Treaties made relating the reunto.

Ordered, That the said Account, and Estimate, be laid before the House by the Paymaster-general of the Army, and Secretary at War.

Ordered, That the State of the Debt of the Navy, upon the respective Heads, at Michaelmas last, be laid before this House; and also an Account of the Monies, issued for the Use of the Navy.

Ordered, That the said State, and Account, be laid before the House by the Council of his Royal Highness Prince George of Denmark, Lord High Admiral of England-

Ordered, That a State of the Debt of the Office of Ordnance be laid before the House; and also an Account of the Mpnies, received for the Year 1702.

Ordered, That the said State, and Account, be laid before the House by the lieutenant and principal Officers of the Ordnance.

/~\R DERED, That the Thanks of this House be given j)r wtincop

to Doctor Whincop, for the Sermon by him preached thanked. Yesterday at St. Margarett's, Westminster, before this House; and that he be desired to print the same; and that Mr. Bertie and Mr. Vemey do acquaint him therewith.

A Petition of Richard Strode, Esquire, on behalf of piympto# himself, and other Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the Election. Borough of Plympton, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner stood a Candidate at the late Election of Members, to serve in this present Parliament for foe said Borough, and was duly chosen by such, as had a Right to elect; but, by the Contrivance of foe other Candidates, and John Tozer, foe pretended Mayor, and others, foe said Mayor hath returned Rickard Edgcomb and Thomas Jervoise, Esquires, who were not duly elected, in Subversion of the Rights of foe said Borough, and Prejudice of foe Petitioner: And praying such Relief, as foe House shall think agreeable to Justice.

Ordered, That the Consideration of foe said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine foe Matter thereof, and report foe same, with their Opinion therein, to foe House.

Mr. Secretary Hedges acquainted the House, that their Answers t Address (returning her Majesty their humble Thanks, for Addresses, her Grace and Favour, in communicating to them her Intention of going to St. PauPs, upon foe Day of Thanksgiving for the Successes of her Majesty's Arms) had been presented to her Majesty; and that her Majesty received foe same very graciously.

Mr. Secretary Hedges also acquainted foe House, that their Address having been presented to her Majesty, that she would be pleased to give Directions, for Copies of the '

Treaties to be laid before foe House, her Majesty had commanded him to lay foe same before the House: And he presented foe same to the House accordingly.

And the Titles thereof were read, and are, as follow; viz.

1. A Translation of the Treaty between his late Ma- Treaties re-jesty, foe King of Denmark, and foe States General, June l»tinKt0 tb foe 15th, 1701.

2. A Translation of the Treaty between his late Majesty, and the States General, and foe King of Prussia.

3. A Translation of foe secret Articles of foe Treaty with Denmark, the 15th of June, 1701.

4. A Translation of foe Treaty between the Emperor, his late Majesty, and foe States General, September the 7th, 1701.

5. A Translation of foe Convention with the King of Prussia, about Troops to be put into the Service of his late Majesty and foe States General.

6. A Translation of foe Convention with foe Landgrave of Hesse Cassell, for 9,000 Men to be put into the Service of his late Majesty and the States.

7. A Translation of foe separate Articles, relating (o foe Convention with the King of Prussia about Troops.

A Copy of the Convention between her Majesty and the House of Lunenburgh, about Troops, June foe 2i»t,

N. S. 1702.

And a Translation of the same.

A Con-

War.

i Ank.

6° Novembris

IS

A Convention between her Majesty, the States General, and the Elector of Triers6 May' 1702.

And a Translation of the same

The Seven first of them were presented to the House the last Session, and are entered in the Journal thereof.

The Translations of the rest, presented this Day, are, as follow; vis.

The Translation of the Convention between her Ma- . jesty, the States General, and the Elector of the 6 May, 1702.

I. — HER Majesty the Queen of Great Britain, and the States General, having invited his electoral Highness of Triers to enter into the Alliance, made and concluded at the Hague, the 7th September, between his Imperial Majesty, his Majesty the King of Great Britain, William the Third, of most glorious Memory, and the said States General, to which his electoral Highness having consented, it is agreed, that her Majesty the Queen of Great Britain, and the States General, shall each of them cause an Instrument to be drawn, in good and due Form, for including his said electoral Highness in the above-mentioned Alliance; his electoral Highness shall, on his Side, cause the like Instruments to be drawn, whereby he shall enter into the same Alliance; and these Instruments shall >be exchanged, together with the Ratification of the present Convention.

II. His electoral Highness shall maintain, during the War, three Battalions, to serve as Garrison in Ehrenbreistein,

Coblence, and Triers, and to be afterwards employed, where the Service of the common Cause shall require them.

III. His electoral Highness shall grant, without Difficulty, to the Armies of the Allies, the Passages of the Rhine and the Moselle, over the Bridges at Coblence, as the Occasions of the War shall require for the Service of the common-Cause.

IV. The War being begun, his electoral Highness shall permit the erecting of Magazines at Coblence, or any other Place, that shall be desired, in his Dominions.

V. In case any Enterprize of War should be undertaken upon the Moselle, his electoral Highness shall give all possible Assistance in his Dominions, and shall lend some Cannon, in case of a Siege in his Neighbourhood, if he can spare them from Coblence; provided, he be secured of the Restitution of them, and of the Repayment of his Charge in new-casting those, that shall be damnified by that Ally, who shall have Occasion for them.

VI. In Consideration hereof, and of his electoral Highness's constant good Intentions to the common Good, and that his Dominions are more exposed, than any other, to the Inconvenieqcies and Wastes of War, her Majesty the Queen of Great Britain, and the States General, shall give to his electoral Highness, as long as the War lasts, each their Moiety of a yearly Subsidy of Fifty thousand Crowns, payable from three Months to three Months; the first Payment of 12,500 Crowns, that is, 6,250 Crowns by the English, and 6,250 Crowns by the States, shall be made immediately after the Ratification; and so the same Payment shall be continued exactly from three Months to three Months; and, as long as his electoral Highness has no Person in England, to receive the Money there, her Majesty will, out of particular Favour to him, caase the same to be paid by her Minister, or some other, at the Hague, or at Amsterdam, to him, that shall reside from his electoral Highness at the Hague.

VII. Her Majesty the Queen, and the States General, will agree with the rest of the Allies, to secure, as much as they can, the Town of Triers, and to prevent the French from getting Footing the re again, or entirely ruining it.

Vllf. They will spare his electoral Highness's Territories, as much as they can, from Encampments, and other Inconveniencjes of War; but if the Service, and publick Good, requires the marching and encamping of the Armies in the said Territories, it shall be done with exact Discipline, and in such Manner, that the Troops shall be furnished and supplied from the Magazines, without require-ing any thing from his electoral Highness' Subjects, ex-Vo L. 14.

cept Carriages, at a reasonable RateAnd, that this may be likewise observed by the other Allies, her Majesty, and the States, will interpose their good Offices with them, in case of Necessity. The present Convention shall be ratified, and the Instruments of Ratification exchanged at the Hague, in a Month, or sooner, if possible.

In Witness whereof, we, the under-written Ambassador Extraordinary, Deputies, and Plenipotentiaries, of the above contracting Parties, have signed the present Convention, and thereto set our Seals, at the Hague, the 6 Mav, 1702, and at London, the t7j May, the same Year. (L. S.) Marlborough. (L. S.) Week Pant.H.V.Gait.

(L. S.) V. Scheltinga.(L. S.) B. de Reede.

(L. S.) Ar. Lemker. (L.S.) A. Hcinsius.

(L. S.) J. de D. Rexes. (L. S.) W. de Nassau.

(L. S.) DeWeede.

The said Translation of the Convention between her Majesty and the House of Lunenbourg, for a Supply of Ten thousand Men.

I. — THEIR electoral and most serene Highnesses, the Lord Elector, and the Lord Duke of B/'unswick Lunenburg, promise to supply her Majesty the Queen of Great Britain, for the Service of the common Cause, for this Campaign, with a Body of Troops of Ten thousand Men; Part whereof is already arrived on the Lower Rhine, and the rest actually marching to follow them with all possible Diligence.

II. Her Majesty shall direct those auxiliary Troops to be paid, and entertained, after the Rate of 700 Horse, in Two Regiments of Horse, and 9,300 Foot, in 12 Regiments of Foot, in the same Manner, as the Troops are, which their electoral and most serene Highnesses now have in the Service of the States General of the United Provinces, as well for their ordinary Allowance, as their extraordinary Advantages; which will amount, in a long Month of 6 Weeks, or 42 Days, according to the Establishment, annexed to this Convention, to the Sum of 23,715 Gilders [a], 8J Stivers, Dutch Money; and shall be paid regularly at Rotterdam every Fortnight, to commence from the 1st Day of this instant June, N. S. These Troops shall likewise enjoy, in every thing else (without Exception) the same Advantages, Benefits, Profits, and Conveniencies, with those Troops, which their electoral and most serene Highnesses have in the Service of the said States General.

III. These auxiliary Troops shall be received by her Majesty's Commissary on the Frontiers of the States General, and shall then take an Oath to her Majesty.

IV. Her Majesty paying the Horse, according to the Second Article, only upon the Foot of Two Regiments, of 700 Horse, although there is a much greater Number of them, who are passed, in Pay, as Foot only; it is agreed on both Sides, that their electoral and most serene Highnesses may, when they think fit, change into Foot the Horse in that Body, that are over and above the said Two Regiments, which make in all 700 Horse.

V. Their electoral and most serene Highnesses reserve to themselves the Liberty of recalling all those Troops, or Part of them, in case they are attacked, or in manifest Danger of being so, in their own Dominions; and her Majesty consents to this Reservation; and, to facilitate their Retreat in such like Cases, they shall be removed a9 little, as is possible, from the Lower Rhine.

VI. Deserters may be reclaimed reciprocally, and shall be returned bona Jide, without any Restitution of the Charges or Expences. And whereas Disputes often happen, whether the Men, that are reclaimed, can be reputed Deserters, or not; in such Case there shall be no Occasion for any other Proof, or Form of Process, than that such Men be found in another Body, without Leave, in writing, from their Commanders.

VII. Although this Convention be made only provisionally for this Campaign, it is nevertheless intended to work, during that Time, upon a more particular

[a] This is a Mistake in the Translation of this Convention; for in the French Copy, presented to the House, the Sum is 203,715 Gilders, agreeable to the Establishment annexed.

eee

Treaties relating to the War.

16

6° Novembris.

A.

1702

one for a longer Time; and therefore it is expected, that those Troops shall not be obliged to return home, when the Campaign is ended: Hut if, contrary to Expectation, it should so happen, they shall be sent back the 15th of November, or the latter End of that Month at farthest, without deducting any thing of the Wages, promised, by the Second Article, until the End of the Year; that what shall be then remaining, may serve towards the Charges of their troublesome March in that bad Season; it being agreeable to Custom, and to all the like Conventions, hitherto made by their electoral and most serene Highnesses with the States General; and consequently the Remainder of their Pay, stipulated, as above in the Second Article, to the very End of the Year, shall, at the Time of their Departure, be immediately paid and advanced them.

VIII. The Ratifications of this Convention shall be exchanged here, within Pour Weeks, or sooner, if possible. Concluded between the under-written Earl of Marlborough, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of her Majesty the Queen of Great , and the Baron de Bothmer, Plenipotentiary of their electoral and most serene Highnesses of Brunswick at

the Hague, this 21st June, 1702.

(L. S.) Marlborough. (L. S.) De Bothmer.

Establishment of the Pay of the Troops of Hannover and Cell,in the Service of her Majesty of Great . for a long Month of Six Weeks, or 42 Days.

Twelve Regiments of Foot.

Field Otricers of One Regiment.

In 42 Days.

Gild. Stiv.

1 Colonel - 394 15

1 Lieutenant-colonel - 131 5

1 Major - 105 0

1 Quarter-master 150 0

1 Adjutant - 90 0

1 Chaplain - 150 0

1 Auditor ... 100 0

1 Surgeon-major 80 0

1 Drum-major 20 0

5 Hautbois - 61 0

1 Provost - 40 0

12 A Company.

1 Captain - 150 0

1 Lieutenant - 70 0

1 Ensign - 60 0

2 Serjeants - 48 0

3 Non-commission Officers - 73 16

1 Chirurgeon 25 0

3 Corporals - 69 16

1 Clerk ... 12 0

B321

2 Drummers, at 15 Gild. loStiv. 31 o 16 Soldiers, that receivejGiid. St.

more than ordinary. 14 5 — 228 o Pay - '

75 Private Centinels, at 12 5 — 918 15

3 Servants, at - 8 o — 24 o

109

. 1,710 7

654 Six other Comp to form the Regiment 16,262 2

775 In all for a Regiment 8,325 For Eleven other Regiments

ft

9,300 Makes for the 12 Regiments

13,393 14 146,230 14

159,524 8

Two Regiments of Horse. Field Officers of One Regiment; 1 Colonel - 993 15

1 Lieutenant-colonel - 131 5

1 Major - - - - 105 o

Gild. Stiv.

1 Quarter-master 180 0

1 Auditor - 100 0

1 Adjutant 100 0

1 Chaplain - 150 0

1 Surgeon-major 80 0

1 Kettle-drum 35 10

2 Provosts, and their Servants 40 O Gild. Stiv.

8 — 11,3 5

One Troop.

1 Captain - 400 0

1 Lieutenant - 180 O

1 Comet ... 145 0

1 Quarter-master 80 0

1 Surgeon - 36 0

2 Trumpeters - 70 0

1 Clerk 80 0

3 Corporals, at 50 150 0

1.6 Gentlemen, at 28 - 1 ,288 0

57

2,377

285 Five other Troops, to form the Regim 11,885

o

o

350 In all for a Regiment 350 For another Regiment

700 Makes for the Horse 9,300 For the Foot

In all

15,577 10

15,577 10

31,155 0

159,524 8

190,679 8

The Pay of a Lieutenant-general, atA 500 Gilders per Month, 12 Months f in the Year, for 7 Months, tof commence the 1st of June - -'

More for 6 Months Campaign, at 500 Gilders per Month For 6 Waggons, at 2 Gilders each,) for 184 Days Campaign - -j

3,500

3,000

2,208

The Pay of a Major-general, at 250) Gilders per Month, for 7 Months, > 1,750 to commence 1st June - -)

More for 6 Months Campaign, at'

250 Gilders per Month For Waggons, at 2 Gilders, for 184 Days Campaign

8,708 0

3

3

1,500

1,472

For the Field Waggons, at the Rate' of 12 to each Regiment of Foot; viz.Two for the Colonel, One for the Lieutenant-colonel, One for the Major, One for the other Officers, and One for each Company; at 2 Gilders per diem each Waggon, makes, for the 12 Regiments, in 184 Days -

4,722

>52,992

13,036 o|

203,715 8{

In all 203,715 Gilders, 8{ Stivers,' every 42 Days, to commence (

from the 1st of June, 1702,(

N. S.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Treaties be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply, granted to her Majesty.

Colonel Granville (according to Order) presented to Ordnanc the House, the State of the Debt of the Office of Ord- Debt-nance, to the 30th of September, 1702; and also,

An Account of Mpney received by the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1702.

And the Titles thereof were read.

And the said State and Account are, as follow; viz.

Debt

Privilege.

Money for

repairing

Churches,

&c.

Ann

6° Novembr

7

Debt of the Office of Ordnance, for Stores delivered, and Services performed, to the 30th Day of September, 1702; with an Account of what Contracts, and Warrants, for Stores, before the said Time; which are delivered in, and ready to be delivered;

£ d.

75,161 ig ill

T O Artificers, and others, for Stores)

delivered, and Services performed.)

To the Holland Train ----- 9,000

To the Descent Train ----- 4,625

To the Bomb Vessels therewith - 1,650

To the Tenders on the Descent Train 9,237 To the Tenders on the Bomb Vessels. 5,236 For Salt-petre ----- -- 10,600

For Salaries, Rents of Store-houses,-)

and Grounds.....j 4,340

To Engineers, and other Officers and) ,g Artificers, at Jamaica - - - -) ' 3

ToTenders on BombVesselsat Jam2,505 To Works at Newfoundland - - - 3,000 For Stores contracted for - - - - 18,000

To G un-founders, on Contracts for) .__________

Guns ----- - -j 13,00(5

9

o

12

o

o

10

o

0

o

o

6

6

o

6 1 5 *

15

o

o

0

o

o

great To Gun-makers, small Arms

o o

on Contracts for

Office of Ordnance,

5 November,. 1702.

J. Granville. Ja. Lozi ther.

> 6,000

166,293

0 o

9 of

Wm. Bridges. C. Mussra

Ordered, That Mr. (sharks Ber, Mr. Vemey, and Committee Hit. Palmes, do go to St.Paul's Church, and confer with the Surveyor of her Majesty's Works, for the settling the parationsat Conveniencies for the Members of this House upon St. Paul' . Thursday next, appointed by her Majesty for a. Day of publick Thanksgiving; and report to the House, how they find the same.

The Earl of Ranelagh (according to Order) presented Receipts out to the House, An Abstract of what has been received out.® ,s of this Year's Funds (according to the several Propor- un 8' c tions) and what remains, to compleat the total Sum given:

And also,

The Commencement of the Pay of the foreign Troops; '

Part of the 40,000 Men (being her Majesty s. Quota) who are in Conjunction with her Aides; And also.

An Estimate of the Number, and Charge, of Forty thousand Men, for the Year 1703.

And the Titles thereof were read.

And the said Abstract, Commencement, and Estimate, are, as follow; viz.

THE ABSTRACT:

THE Sum, appropriated for Land Service, for the Year 1702, was 1,052,0 001.

Of which, 264,8741- ios. for Guards and Garrisons;

87,125/. 10s. towards the Charge of 10,000 Men for Sea Service; and 700,000l. on Account, for 40,000.

Men, to act in Conjunction with the Allies.

Of which there has been received,

The said Account of Monies, received by the Treasurer of her Majesty's Ordnance, for the Year 1702; viz.

: £ s. d. L-

10,000 0 0

10,000 0 0

20,973 13 9 40,973

s. d.

3 9

For Land Service: April the 13th -15th -October the 30th

Sea Service:

January the 27th - 10,794 8 o

February 19th - - 19,205 12 0

August the 12th - - 21,000 o 0

----- ----- ----- --51,000 o 0

Towards defraying the ")

Charge in the Ex-1

pedition under his / April 29th. 17,841 0 10

Grace the Duke of 1 . ~ -

Ormond. J

For 2,000 Barrels ofj Powder, bought ini

Holland, to make,) August 12th. 6,138 10 iOJ good the Treaty with I . the King of Sweden. J

J. Granville. Wm. Bridges.

Ja. Loacther. C. Musgrave.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said State, and Account, be referred to the Committee of die whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply, granted; to her Majesty.

A Complaint being made to the House, that Mr. William Sherwin, and his Wife, and their Agents, have made; a fraudulent Entry on the Manor of Sutton upon Darwent, in the County of York, the Estate of Sir Walter Clarges, Baronet, and seduced his Tenants of the said Estate to attorn, and afterwards kept Courts, as Lords of the said Manor, in Breach of the Privileges of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint, and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Mr. Conyers /according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, for the more easy Recovery of Money for the Repair of Churches and Chapels; and the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Vol. 14.

£.. s. d.

In part of 264,874/. ]

lOf. for Guards I Q. and Garrisons, to r 3' 5 .

the 31 October - J Remains, to compleat this Sum

s. d.

3

79 778 19 if

In part of 87,125/.! 10 j. towards the Charge of 10,000 I Men for Sea Ser- f vice, to 31 of Oc-1 tober - -

Remains, to com pleat this Sum

-264;874 10 o

50,815 17 21

3

36,30912 91

In part of 700,000l."] on Account, for 40,000 Men,toact I .-g . g inConjunctionwith 33 ,4 the Allies, to the I 31st of Qctober -J Remains, to coin--pleat this Sum

87,125 10 o

3

7 Si

163,583 12 3

Total -

— 700,000 0 0

1,052,000 0 0

.772,327 15 9 i

279,672 4 2i

1,052,000 0 0

Total received to the 31st of October Total remaining, to compleat the) g Sum given ----- - -.) '

Memorandum: The Subject Forces in Holland are subsisted to the 1st Instant, and are now clearing to that Time; and the foreign Forces are paid to the 18th of October last, Old Style, as, by the last Account of my Deputy, doth appear.

November the 6th. Ramtagh.

1702.

The said Commencement of PAY:

Danes -

Prussians - -Hessians - -Hanover and Cell

from the 21st of December 1701. froin the 22 of January, 170$. from the 8th of March, 170$. from 21 of May, 1702.

E The

i8

6° Novembris.

Hie said ESTIMATE of the Numbers, and Charge, of 40,000 Men:

Subjects.

Horse.

Numbers. Charge per Aon.

Major-general Lumly'sRe-> g pi men t - - - - -J 9

Brigadier Wood's - - - 400

H {Prussians - w - Hessians

s. d. 368 15 'o' c jg incisions - 369 12 6

UO 'Hanover, &p. 1,237 10 o More to Hanover \

and Ce//for Car-f RR,

riages, for the( 4884 2 6'

Campaign - -3

A. 1702.

Charge per Aim.

£. s. d. 347,666 7 6

- 6,860 o 0

The Duke of Schonberg' 0Q

Dragoons.

Royal Regiment, LordRafly 541 Lord Tiviott's Regiment - 4° 7 Colonel Rosses - - - 407

Foot

Royal Regiment, EarlofJ, g.g Orkney - - - -J ' 7 Colonel Webb's Regiment 938 Major-general Stus - 938

Sir BevUl Granville - - 938

Lord Barrymore's - - 938

Colonel How's - - - 938

Brigadier Stanlye's - - 938 Sir Mathew Bridges' - 938

Brigadier jFrerf. H 938

Major-general Ingaldsby's 938 Earl of Marlborough's - 938

Sir Henry BeUasy's - - 938

Lieut. General Churchill's 938 Colonel Row's - - - 938

Colonel Ferguson's - - 938

1,99$

110,588 18 4

i,355 48,818150

Bread Waggons for the 40,000 Men Contingencies; wherein included Transport Ships, and extraordinary Charge of the Provisions, Recruits for Foreigners Waggons, except for Hanover and Cell, and Extra-charge of Bread and Forage, as per Estimate ' -

£.354,726 17 6

20,000 1

:in are") I

Ships, \

>20,000,

40,000 0 o

394,726 17 439»°99 1

Charge of the English, as aforesaid

Total - - 833,825 19 2

Subjects -Foreigners

18,359

21,040

Wanting

39,405 595 Foot

Contingencies - 10,000

Ranelagh.

Wm. Blatfrwaite,

40,000

MemorandumThe Charge of which 595 Men, wanting to compleat the 40,000 Mai, voted by the Parliament, will amount to 8,000l. per Estimate.

o , £ . Besides the aforegoing Charge, there is to be paid, pur-15,008 j9> 9 ° 4 suant to Treaties, the Subsidies following:

_ Crowns. Cilders. /. >. 4.

18.359 419.099 1 8 To the King of,__________ ,

Demark - JWoooo 375,000 34.5«, 4 o

- - - - 20,000 00 To the Landgrave)

> the Landgravei,

of Hesse Cassell50'000 ' 5>0O° U>520 13 4

Total for the English - - - - 439,099 i 8

To the Elector of

Treves - -

> 25,000

62,500 5,760 6 8

Foreigners.

Danes.

Four Regiments of Horse 1,756 Five Regiments of Foot - 3,673

----- 5,4 9 02,190 10 o

Prussians,

Two Regiments of Horse 832 Five Regiments of Foot - 4,240

5,072

half for j. 4,36i 7 6

Hessians.

One Regiment of Horse 372 2 Regimente of Dragoons 1,354 Five Regiments of Foot - 4,436

6>i6s

W£Xr " !J - 3.08 SU« 7

Hanover and Celt.

Twa Regiments of Horse 700 Twelve Regiments of Foot 9,300

----- io,qoq 152,7 7 12 6

014046 347 866 17 6

225,000 562,500 51,843 4 0

Memorandum: All the Computations, relating to Foreigners, are at the Rate or 10 Gilders 17 Stivers for a Pound Sterling, according to the Returns made since the First of June last

Ranelagh.

Wns. Bloth

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Abstract; Commencement, and1 Estimate, be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply, granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Burnell,the High-sheriff of the County of - Nottingham

tingham, and Mr. Simon Jackson, his Under-sheriff, County Re-attending, according to Order; the High-sheriff was turn called m, and examined, touching the not making a Return of the Writ, for the electing the Members, to serve in this present Parliament for the said County: And he acquainted the House, that he did not meddle with the Execution, or Return, of the said Writ, nor ever had it in his Possession, but' left it wholly to his Under-sheriff.

And then he Withdrew.

Afterwards the Under-sheriff was called in, and examined: And there he withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Burnell, the High-sheriff of the County of Nottingham, be discharged out of Custody.

Ordered, That Mr. Simon Jackson, Under-sheriff of the Returning County of Nottingham, for keeping back the Return of

3 the Custody.

by

I Ann 66 — i6 Novembrh. i<

the Writ, for chusing of the Members of the said County, be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider furthet Of the Supply, granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also reported from the said Committee, that they had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply, granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, V die Novembrisi Anno Primo Annse Regina.

pRA T ERS.

Northaller- Q1R William Hustler, Baronet, being chosen a Burgess taa Writ- for the Borough of Rippon, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Nortfiallerton in the County of York, made his Election, to serve for the said Borough of Rippon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Northallerton, in the room of the said Sir William Hustler.

Agmondi- The Lord Cheine, being chosen a Knight of the Shire Wr t. for the County of Rucks, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Agmondisham, in the same County, made his Election, to serve for the County of Bucks.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Agmondisham, in the room of the said Lord Cheine.

High Price Sir Walter Clarges reported from the Committee, to ef Coala. whom it was referred, to enquire into the Reasons of the excessive Price of Coals within the weekly Bills of Mortality; and to consider of some Means, for. lowering the ' same, and preventing the like excessive Prices for the future ;the Matter, as it appeared to the Committee, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are, as follow; viz.

That it appeared to the Committee, upon the Examination of several Master Colliers, and other Persons, that one Reason of the excessive Prices of Coals is from the high Wages, that are now paid; vis. a Boy, of Seventeen Years of Age, has 46 Shillings a Month; and a Man (though old) 7 or 8 /. a Voyage, who formerly had but 30 s'.

But, that a further Reason appeared also to the Committee, from a certain Contract that was made near two Years ago, and is now in force, between several Owners1 of Collieries at Newcastle, and the Body of Lightermen at London; whereby the Proprietors oblige themselves to pay the Lightermen 3 d. per Chaldron, for all Goals, they should sell for them; in Consideration of which' Reward, the Lightermen are to pay the Proprietors Six-pence per Chaldron, for all other Coals, they shall at any time sell, before the Proprietors Coals are sold oft.

Vol. 14.

That, under the Advantage of the said Contract, the Proprietors at Newcastle have raised the Price of their Coals there, 12 d.and 18 d.per Chaldron; which the

Masters of the Vessels are forced to pay them, although they ban have as good Coals so much cheaper, otherwise they cannot sell their Coals here, till the Proprietors Markets are over; which has been very detrimental to iseveral of the Masters who have loaded with Sunderland, and other good or better, Coal3, than the Proprietors in Contract, by being often obliged to lie many Days in the River here, waiting, until the Contract Coals are all bought up, before they can sell any.

And whereas the Proprietors, before the Contract, used to allow the Masters Three, Four, and sometimes Five, Chaldrons to the Score, how they will allow none.

That one Mi . Rickards, one of the Contractors for the Lightermen, keeps an Office, from whence the Proprietors Agent distributes and pays the Three-pences per Chaldron to the Lightermen.

The said Mr. Rickards (being summoned) attended tbfr Committee, and owned the said Contract, and produced Two Papers, purporting the same; one, under several Proprietors Hands, to the Lightermen; and the other, a Copy of that, under the Lightermen's Hands, to the Proprietors:

But said, the Proprietors had not collected any of the Six-pence per Chaldron Forfeitures, if any were due:

That the Reason of the Contract was, to prevent the mixing of good and bad Coals, together (whereby all People were cheated) by the Fitters, or Coal-brokers, ai the Collieries:

For that now the Proprietors have their own FitterS/ and send up Coals, without Mixture, for them to sell and they do prefer the Proprietors Coals, for which they are paid the Three-pences per Chaldron, in selling them off before any others:

And that the high Price upon Coals was partly occasioned by the Fleet missing the making of Two Voyages! the last Season, upon the Account of an Embargo, that was then laid upon all Skipping.

That, upon Consideration of the whole Matter, the Committee came to the Resolutions following; viz.

Resolved, 1. That it is the Opinion of this Committee;

That the Agreement between several Coal-owners of Newcastle, and the Lightermen in London, is a great Discouragement to the Coal Trade, tends to the Prejudice of Navigation, and is an Occasion of the Advancement of the Price of Coals in London.

Resolved, 2d. That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, to allot a competent Number of Seamen to the Colliers, Press-free, and to have a competent Number of Ships appointed for Convoys and Cruizers, will be si sure Means to lower the Price of Coals, and prevent the like excessive Price for the future.

The fir t Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out " Agreement;" and inserting " Combination' instead thereof:

And the same was, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That the Combination between several Coal-owners of Newcastle, and the Lightermen in London, is a great Discouragement to the Coal Trade, tends to the Prejudice of Navigation, and is an Occasion of the Advancement of the Price of Coals in London.

The Second Resolution, being read a Second time, wad, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, upon the said Resolutions; and that Sir Walter Mr.

Chancellor Of the Dutchy, Mr Smith, arid Mr. Crosse, do prepard, and bring in, the same.

7

A Petition of Si t Henry Peachy, Knight' was presented P«ch/» to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner's Estate stands charged with several Legacies, given by his late

Leave of Absence.

York West

Riding

Registry.

Privilege — a Person petitions for Discharge.

Under-sheriff of Montgomery to attend.

DevizesWrit.

Supply.

£0

7 — 90 Novembris. 170a.

late Father, which, if not speedily discharged, will be very prejudicial, both to the Petitioner, and the Legatees; but, by reason of a Settlement, made by the Petitioner, the said Legacies cannot conveniently be raised, without the Aid of an Act of Parliament: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for Sale of Part of his Estate, for the Payment of the said Legacies.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Conyers and Mr. Pelham do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, and Grand Jury, at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, holden at Wakefeild, for the West Riding of the County of York, the 8th Day of October, 1702, and, by Adjournment, at Shejf'eild, the 14th Day of October aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said Riding is the chief Place for the Cloth Manufacture in the IS orth, and that many Traders therein are Freeholders, and have often occasion to borrow' Money, for carrying on their Trades; but, for want of a Register, find it difficult to give Security, to the Satisfaction of such Persons, as have Money to lend, though the Security be really good, to the great Inconveniences, and sometimes Ruin, of whole Families: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for the publick registering of all Conveyances, and Mortgages, or other Securities, that shall be herealter made, of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within that Riding, by any Persons, that shall voluntarily register the same.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir John Kay, Mr. Moncton, and Sir Robert Edon, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of John Felton, High-sheriff of the County of Montgomery, (in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for not making a Return of the Writ, for electing the Members, to serve in this present Parliament) was presented to the House, and read; acknowledging his Offence, and begging Pardon for the same; and praying to be discharged out of Custody.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Felton be brought to the Bar of this House upon Monday Morning next, to be examined, touching the not making the said Return.

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Fawkes, Under sheriff of the County of Montgooicry, be summoned to attend this House forthwith.

Sir FraudsChild,being chosen a Citizen for the City of

London, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Devizes, in the County of Wilts, made his Election, to serve for the City of London.

Ordered, Thai Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of the Devizes, in the room of the said Sir Frauds Child.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred, to consider further of the Supply, granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are, as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that the Proportion of Land Forces, to act in Conjunction with the Forces of the Allies, for making good the Alliances, be Forty thousand Men, consisting of Thirty-three thousand Foot, and Seven thousand Horse and Dragoons.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred Fifty-two thousand Pounds, be grahted to her Majesty, for the maintaining of Guards and Garrisons, for the Service of the Year 1703, including Five thousand Men, to serve on board the Fleet.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that a Sum, not exceeding 70,973/. 13#. gd. be allowed for Land Service, to be performed by the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1703.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, Neinine Contradicente.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Poor. Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the most effectual Ways, for setting the Poor on Work.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Humphry Mackworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Humphry Mackworthreported from the Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Monday Morning next.

And then ' the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna,9 die Novembris;

Anno pi'imo Annas Regina.

Prayers.

SI R Charles Duncomb, Knight, being chosen a Burgess Hey don Writ.

for the Borough of Down ton, in the County of Wilts, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Heydon, in the County of York, made his Election, to serve for the Borough of Downton, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Air. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Heydon, in the room of the said Sir Charles Duncomb.

George Pitt, Esquire, being chosen a Knight of the Shire Wareham for the County at Southampton, and also a Burgess for the Writ. Borough of Wareham, in the County of Dorset, made his Election, to serve for the County of

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Wareham, in the room of the said Mr. Pitt.

A Petition of Edward Owen, of Eaton Mascall, in Owen't the County of Salop, Esquire, was presented to the House, Estate, and read; setting forth, that, upon the Petitioner's Intermarriage with Katherine, his now Wife, the Petitioner made a Settlement of all his Estate, of 400l. per Annum, upon his Wife, and the Issue Male by that Marriage, with Provision for Daughters, and younger Children; since which, by improving the said Estate near 401, per Annum, the Petitioner has contracted Debts, to about 1,200l. which he is incapable to pay, by reason of the said Settlement; that the Petitioner has no Issue Male, and only two Daughters: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for Vesting Part of his said Estate (of the yearly Value of 50 /.) in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Harley, Mr. Clayton, and Mr. Guy, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Sir

Ann'.

\ ' t -j

9° Novembris.

21

roar.

Sir Humphry Machvorth (according to Order) reported

from the Committee of the'w hole House, to whom it was referred, to consider of the most effectual Ways, for setting the Poor on Work, the Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table; w here the same were read, and are, as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, in order to the better providing for, and employing, the Poor, it is necessary, that all the Laws, relating the reunto, be reduced into One.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved, that a Committee may be appointed, to prepare, anrl bring in, a Bill for that Purpose, with such Additions and Amendments, as are necessary to be made, for the Relief, Employment, and Settlement, of the Poor.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, w ere, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions; and that Sir Humphry Mr. Lowndes,

Mr. Moor, Mr. Smith, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Finch, Mr. Webb, Mr. Clark, Mr. Harley, Mr. Fox, Mr. Cox, Mr. King, Mr. Solicitor-general, Sir Mr. Hoblyn, Sir Matth. Dudley, Mr. Crnper, or any Three of them, do prepare,' and bring in, the same.

? ?! "' Ordered, That the Reports, from the Committee of c.Lkccjoiis. prjyijgggg an(j Elections, touching the Elections for the Borough of Southwark, the Borough of Whitchurch, and the Borough of Haslemere, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Montgomery Mr. Felton, the High-sheriff of the County of -

was (according to Order) brought to the Bar, and examined, touching the not making the Return of foe Writ, for the electing foe Members for the said County: And he acquainted the House, that he (immediately upon his Receipt of the Writ) sent it to Mr. Richard his Under-sheriff, and that the Execution and Return thereof was left to his Under-sheriff; and that he signed the Return accordingly.

Ordered, That Mr. Felton, the High-sheriff of foe County of Montgomery, be discharged out of the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms.

A Petition of Edward Holland, High-sheriff of the Privilege- — County of Merioneth (in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, tl

for not making a Return of the Writ, for the electing k Discharge. Knight of the Shire for the said County) w as presented to the House, and read; acknowledging his Offence, and begging Pardon for the same.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Holland be brought to the Bar Tomorrow Morning, to be examined1, touching the not making foe Return of the said Writ.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Supply. Committee of the whole. House, to consider further of the Supply, granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when foe House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also reported from foe said Committee, that they had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply, granted to her Majesty:

Ordered, That the Account and State of the Exchequer Exchequer Bills, from the Beginning, together with the last Contract Bilk, for circulating Exchequer Bills, be laid before the House by the Secretary to the Lord High Treasurer of England.

Colonel Churchill, from the Council of his Royal High- Navy Debt, ness Prince George of Denmark, Lord High Admiral of ttc-England, presented to the House, according to Older,

An Estimate of the Debt of her Majesty's Navy, on the several Heads, as it stood on the 30th Day of September,

1702: And also,

An Account of Money, granted in the Session of Parliament, beginning the 30th of December, 1701, for the Service of the Navy, according to the Votes of the House of Commons, for maintaining 40,000 Men at Sea, for Thirteen Months, and for providing for the Ordinary of the Navy.

And the Titles thereof were read.

And foe said Estimate and Account are, as follow; viz.

Vox.. 14.

F

Admiralty

9 Novemb

A. 170

Admiralty Office, the 7th November, 1702-.

An ESTIMATE of the Debt of her Majesty's Navy, on the Heads hereafter mentioned, as it stood on th£ 30th of Sept. 1702.

Heads of the Naval Estimates.

ex Unnecessary Money, Pensions, Half pay, Sorgeons, Free Gift, fa. occurred before the last Reign

extraordinary Repairs:

Due to pay off and discharge all the Bills, entered in Course, in the Ordinary and Extraordinary of her Majesty's Navy, and all other Debts, arising for Stores delivered, and daily expected, upon Contract made for foreign Commodities, for which Bills were not made out, with the Debts of the Out-ports

traordin&ries thereof - -

Seamens Wages:

Due to several Men,remaining un- paid upon the Books of Ships,

ary, 1688 -

To Ships in Sea Pay - -To pay off and discharge all the Bills/ entered in Course, for Pay of Flag Officers, Pilotage on the Head of Seamen's Wages

Victualing;

Due on account of victualing her]

the") the I

Ac. [ ages J

Sick tod Wounded:

Wounded, and for Subsistence of French Prisoners, as per an Account received from the present Commissioners, appointed foi those Services; viz.

For the Sick and Wounded - -

Subsistence of French Prisoners -

Register Office:

Due to the Seamen, that have been" registred, pursuant to an Act ofi Parliament on that behalf, ac-J cording to an Account received from the Commissioners thereof

Debts, as they stood on the 30th of September, 1703. Remaining on the 30th Sept. 1702, in Money and Tallies, towards satisfying the said Debts. The aforesaid Monej. and Tallies, being deducted, the net

Particulars To be received from In the Treasurer of the Nary'n Hands. Debt, on the ssid 30th of September.

Before this Reign. Since this Reign. Totals. the Exchequer of the list Year i Appropriations. 1702. was j vis.

\ £ d. £ dm £. ». d. £. s. d. £. «. d. £. t. d.

j 21,144 0 0 — m 21,144 0 0 m m mm 35 17 8 21,108 2 4

( ' 393,028 19 6T

> 489,261 17 5 245,49 7 0 11,614 0 3 232»i55 i®

96,232 17 u.

1116452 6 5 V 6/184 16 t®'

) 369,264 0 0 426,621 OOP 9 2,793 3 3 488,769 14 8 70,144 5 2 363,879 3 5

4,371 0 oj

| 0 «® I 364,898 7 0 5 3,245 7 10 225,104 0 3 33,26l 19 9 264,879 7 10

k I 4,664 0 0 3,354 © 0 4,664 0 0 3,354 0 0 - - - 4,664 0 0 3,354 0 0

r m, S95 0 o 15,33 0 0 126,727 0 0 — a. — - - 126,727 0 0

776,602 7 3 1,314,587 l 3 , 2,091,189 8 6 959,366 1 11 115,056 2 IO 1,016,767 3 9

The aforesaid Debt amounts to One Million Sixteen thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-seven Pounds, Three Shillings, and Nine-pence.

Memorandum, That, whatever Money shall hereafter be taken oat of the Naval Money, in addition to the 88,422/. already furnished to the Land Forces, the Debt of the Navy will be so much the more increased.

Memorandum, That, over and above the Sums mentioned, in the foregoing Estimate, to be remaining in the Treasurer of the Navy's Hands, applicable to the Heads there expressed, there remains also in his Hands, viz.

£ d.

The Sum of 5,294 o 9 On Account of the loths of Prizes.

And 503 3 6 Also 4,029 15 o

And 6,961 17 o

Total 16,788 16 3

In Tallies, struck on the 3d Three Shillings Aid, the 5th of February, 1699, and appointed for the Payment of the Sea Officers their Half-pay, pursuant to an Establishment of the 22d of February, 1603, over and above what will satisfy the Claims on that Head.

In Money.

In Tallies, struck the 13th August, 1701, on the 3 700l. per Week on the Excise, and appointed for the Payment of Subsistence for the Sea Officers out of Employment, while on Shore, pursuant to an Establishment of the i8ih of April, 1700, over and above what will satisfy all the Claims on that Head, to the 31st of December last, the Time, the Provision, made by Parliament for that Service, ended.

D. Mitchell.

Geo. ChurchilL

Richard llill The

v

Pearb/i

Estate.

Truro Writ

Privilege of a Member in a Suit.

St. Andrew's Hoi born new Church.

i Ann.

The said Account.

Heads of the Naval Services.

Ordinary of the Navy

To discharge the Debt due for Sick ai

Wear and Tear -

Seamen's Wages -

Victuals -

Ordnance

9® — 10° N

23

Full Proportion £. s. d. Received. £ d. Remains. £. d.

- 129,314 10 3 98,500 0 0 30,814 10 3

1 21,102 14 2 694,877 16 9 13,516 7 61 7,586 6 7i

480,200 0 0 214,677 16 9

772,086 9 8 283,316 15 0 488,769 14 8

- 488,988 2 2 263,884 1 11 225,104 0 3

102,944 17 3 17,841 0 10 85,103 16 5

2,209,314 10 3. 1,157,258 5 3i-1,052,056 4 nf.

Note, That the said Sum of 17,341/. 05. 10 came through the Treasurer of the Navy's Hand, and was paid to the Treasurer of the Ordnance; but what more may be paid to that Officer, from the Exchequer, is not known.

D. Mitchell.

Geo. ChurchiH.

Hill.

Ordered, That the said State and Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till To-mofrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mortis, 10 die Novembris',

Anno primo Annas Regime.

Prayers.

MR. Conyers (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, for Sale of Part of the Estate, late of William Peachy, Esquire, deceased, for the Payment of Legacies charged thereon; and the same was received. The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Thomas Perns, being chosen a Burgess for the Borough of Ludlow, in the County of Salop, and also a

Burgess for the Borough of Truro, in die County of Cornwall, made his Election, to serve for the said Borough of Ludlow.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Clown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Truro, in the room of the said Sir Thomas Powis.

A Petition of the Earl of Sandwich, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that Edward\aX.t Earl of Sandwich made his last Will, and died in 1689, devise-ing his real and personal Estate to the Petitioner, ebarge-ing the same with Proportions for younger Children, and made the honourable Sidney Wortley, Esquire, Executor and Trustee; that Mr. JVortley obtained a Verdict, last Trinity Term, against the Petitioner; to be relieved against which, the Petitioner has brought his Bill in Chancery against the said Mr. Wortley, and to call him to an Account; but Mr. Wortl insists on his Privilege,

as a Member of this House: And praying, that Mr. Wortley may not be allowed to stand upon his Privilege in the said Suit, he being only an Executor in Trust.

To which the said Mr. Wortley being heard;

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of many of the Inhabitants of the Parish of St. Andrew's Holborn, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said Parish is become so populous, by new Buildings, that the said Parish Church is scarce large enough to contain a third Part of the Parishioners, which is not only a great Inconvenience, but also occasions great Neglect of Resort to Church; that the Earl of Mountague, the Patron of the said Church, the Bishop of London, Diocesan, the Vo t. 14.

Bishop of Ely, Proprietor of a Building in designed for a Church, and Two Pieces of Ground, intended for Church-yards, as. also the present Rector,

Doctor Maningham, and most of the Parishioners, are desirous, that the said Building, designed for a Church, should be finished, and made parochial: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for making the said Building a parochial Church, and annexing to it Brook-house Ground, Hatton-garden, Ely-rents (excepting Ely-house) Saffron-hill, Leather-lane, and such other Places, as shall be thought convenient.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Gery, Mr. Pigott, and Sir Richard do

prepare, and bring in, the stud Bill.

A Petition of the Vice-chancellor, Masters, Fellows, Cambridge and Scholars, of the University of Cambridge, and of the Navigation, Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Town and Borough of Cambridge, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Rivers, running from Cambridge to King's Lyn, in the County of Norfolk, have been great and navigable Streams, whereby the said Town, and adjacent Parts, have been well served with Coals, Fish,

Salt, and other Necessaries, at reasonable Rates; but, for want of sufficient Banks, and Works, for keeping up the Water in several shallow Places between the said Town, and a Place, about Seven Miles below, called Clayhive Ferry, the said River is so silted, that the Navigation to the said Town will be wholly lost, if not timely prevented: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for making navigable the said River from Cambridge to Clayhive Ferry.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir Hen. Pickering, Mr. Annesley, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Mr. Thompson, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the Thanks of Duke of Or-this House be given to his Grace the Duke of Ormond, "®"dand Sir and Sir George Rooke, for the great and signal Services by tJl an e them performed for this Nation, both by Sea and Land.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to give his Grace the Duke of Ormond the said Thanks of this House.

And it is referred to Sir Richard Onslow, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. How, Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Mr.

Smith, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Compton, Mr. Chancellor of the Duchy!

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That the Thanks of EarlofMari-this House be returned to the Earl of Marlborough, through Captain-general of her Majesty's Forces, for the great and signal Services by him performed for this Nation, in the late Campaign.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to attend his Lordship, upon his Arrival, to congratulate the same, and give him the said Thanks; and that it be the same Committee.

Mr. Edward Holland, the High-sheriff of the County Merioneth of Merioneth, was (according to Order) brought to the County Re Bar, and examined, touching his not making the Return tur,‘ of the Writ, for the electing a Knight for the said County:

And he acquainted the House, that it was a Surprize to him, to find, it was not returned, he having executed the

Writ,

16° Novemhris.

A' 17621,

Writ, and made the Return, and delivered it to his Un-tier-sheriftj to bring up; who brought the same up with him.

And then h6 withdrew.

Arid Mr. Robert Nanny, the UndeY-sheriff, attending, he was called in, and examined; Who acquainted the House, that, there being but one Member to be returned) he, being a young Man, kept the Writ and Return by him, designing to send it up by the Member j but that he did not come up, in regard his Lady was ill.

And then he withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Holland be discharged out of the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put, that Mr. Robert Nanny, the Under-sheriff of the County of Merioneth, for neglecting to return the Writ, for electing the Member for the said County, be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House;

The House divided i The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,

Mr. Lake,

Mr. Fitch:

Tellers for die Noes,

Sir Roger Mr. Brereton:

So it passed in the Negative.

lilt

112k

Recovery of Prince of Denmark.

Congratulory Resolved, Nernine contradicente. That an humble Ad-Addiesses on Jjess be presented to her Majesty, congratulating the pub-no . "r lick Blessing, in the Recovery of his Royal Highness the Prince of Denmark from his late dangerous Sickness; and that his Royal Highness be also congratulated upon the same.

Ordered, That the said Address, and Congratulation, be presented by such Members of this House, as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Supply.

Ways and Means.

Southwark

Election.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred, to consider further of the Supply, granted to her Majesty, t ie Resolutions, which they had directed him to report; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are, as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding 833,825/. 19.?. 2d. be granted to her Majesty, for maintaining the Forty thousand Land Forces that are to act in Conjunction with the Forces of her Majesty's Allies, for the Service of the Year 1703.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of 51,843/. 4s. be granted to her Majesty, for Payment of her Majesty's Proportion of the Subsidies to her Allies, for the Service of the Year 1703.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means, for raising the Supply, granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Bromley (according to Order) reported, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for th# Borough of Southwark,in the County oiSurrey, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are, as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of John Lade Esquire, complaining of an undue Election of Charles Cox, and John Cholmley, Esquires, to serve for the Borough of Southwark:

That the Counsel for the Petitioner insisted, that the Election was void, because a Riot was committed by the

Servants and Agents of the Sitting Members, at the Time of the Election; and to be heard to the Right of Election.

That they called several Witnesses, who said, that on Thursday, the 16th Day of July, being the 2d Day of the Poll, there was a great Tumult and Riot, occasioned by about Ten, or more, of Mr. Cox's Draymen, who were distinguished by grey Hats, with red Ribbands: That, being joined with the Servants of Mr. Malyn (Mr. Cox's Brother-in-law) and many others, they did, with their Hats in their Hands, strike divers Persons, and cleared St. Margaret s Hill (where the Poll was taken) of those, that came to vote for Mr. Lade, and hindered many of them coming to the Poll, and Others could not come to it, without Hazard and Difficulty: That, for this Reason, the Poll was closed sooner, than it had been the Night before; and that the Constables were not able to do their Duty, in keeping the Peace. On? of the Constables said, he saw a Man, that owned, he belonged to Mr. Cholmley, beat another: He would have carried him to the Compter, had he not been rescued by others, that were for Mr. Carand Mr.

He Said, the place of Polling was pretty clear, though tli? Fighting was not far from it: That Mr. Cholmley called upon him, to keep the Peace; but he durst not venture among them. Another Constable said, the Disorders were from the Zeal of both Parties; but that the Men with the grey Hats were most remarkable in them; and that he was called upon, either by one of the Sitting Members, or by the head Bailiff, to keep the Peace,

Rowland Jones said, that, speaking to one of the Men, with a grey Hat, and red Ribband, to take care, not to make a Riot, he answered him, that they did nothing, but what they were ordered.

That Mr. Lade did, on Friday Morning, protest against their Proceedings, and went away; but all Tilings were at that Time very quiet.

That the Witnesses for the Sitting Members spoke, in the First place, to the Bailiff's impartial Behaviour.

They said, that, after the Disorders began, the Voters came not so fast to poll, as before: That several were polled, during the same, but not any, as they remember, that were for the Petitioner; That they thought this as quiet an Election, as ever they saw in the Borough, unless one of Mr. Bcwyer's: That on the Friday Morning all was sp quiet, one might freely come to poll.

That they saw one IValker, who w as for the Petitioner, and had been drinking, very disorderly, and striking several, with his Hat and Peruke in his Hands: Which some of the Petitioner's Witnesses had owned; but said, that IValker was first pushtby others, and that then, they believed, he might do, as they did; and that the Friends of Mr. Cox and Mr. Cholmley began the Disorders. Some of the Constables said, they heard Mr. Cholmley propose to Mr. Lade the Adjournment of the Poll, for fear of Mischief; and that it was done with his Consent

Josiah RatcUffe said, he was abused for voting for the Sitting Members, and invited to poll afterwards for the Petitioner.

Whereupon the Committee came to these Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there was a great Tumult, and Riot, at the Election of Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Tumult, and Riot, was committed by the Servants and Agents of Charles Cox and John Cholmley, Esquires.

That, after this, the Counsel for the Petitioner spoke to the Right of Election.

They said, that the Inhabitants at large had been admitted to vote at this Election; under which Pretence, the Prisoners of the King's Bench had sometimes voted, and so many others, that it was impossible ever to have a fair Election, or any Scrutiny; That none, of common Right, ought to vote, but such, as were liable to pay Wages to their Members; and those were only such, as paid Scotland Lot.

This they insisted on, but produced no Evidence.

That

i Ann. io Novembris.25

That, for the Sitting Members, several Witnesses were produced, who spoke to the Elections for 20, 30, and some of them for 40, Years past; and all of them affirmed the Usage to be, for all the Housekeepers, not receiving Alms, to vote. They desired, the Resosulution of the House in the Convention Parliament, upon a controverted Election, might be read; where the House agreed with the Committee, That the Right of Election was in the Housekeepers, not receiving Alms.

That then the whole Report was desired by the Counsel for the Petitioner to be read; who observed from thence, that this was no new Claim, now set up; and that, in Mr. Thompsons Election, those only, that paid Scotland

Lot, voted; and urged, That, at former Elections, the Householders, not receiving Alms, had been let in to vote, -by Articles, agreed on betwixt the Candidates; which ought not to alter any Right. Some of the Witnesses for the Sitting Members owned, they had heard of Articles at former Elections, but did not remember what they contained.

That then they proceeded to another Allegation in their Petition, of indirect Practices; and, to prove them, produced a great many Notes, under the Hands of Mr. Cox, and another Justice of the Peace, for discharging several Persons, that were rated in Levies to the Poor; and some of these Notes had Postscripts, to this Effect; " That they were taken off, at the Instance of Mr. CholmlySeveral of which Persons voted for the Sitting Members.

That the Vestry-book of St. Parish was pro-

duced; where an Entry is made of the Irregularity of this Practice; and the Persons, so discharged, are there ordered to be put into the next Poor's Rate.,

That these Notes did all bear Date long before this last Election, and none of them later than the 3d of April, 1702.

And that, upon the whole, the Committee came to the following Resolutions; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right of electing Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, is only in the Inhabitants thereof, paying Scotland Lot.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Charles Cor, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Southwark.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That John Cholmley, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Southwark.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the late Election of Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Southwark, is a void Election.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Southwark Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Writ. Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the

electing two Burgesses, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Southwark, in the room of the said Charles Cox, Esquire, and John Cholmley, whose Elections are declared to be void.

Whitchurch Mr. 'Bromley also (according to Order) reported, from Election. the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of Whitchurch, in the County of , and the

Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are, as follow:

Upon the Petition of Darnel Parke, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Whitchurch:

That the Right of Election was agreed to be in the Burgage Tenants, in those that had a Burgage House, or one Acre of Burgage Land, for Life, either in their own Right, or in the Right of their Wives.

A Copy of the Poll was produced; by which it ap-

Vol. 14.

peered Mr. Woollaston had 46 Votefe j Colonel Shrimpton WLi'church

41; and Colonel Parke 40. Election.

But the Counsel for the Petitioner objected, that Five of those {viz. Thomas Taylor, James Butler,

mage, Thomas Mason, and Fra. S-) who voted for the Sitting Members, had no Right to vote; that the Votes of Four others were obtained by corrupt and indirect Practices; and that the Sitting Members voted for themselves.

Evidence was given, that Tho. Taylor confessed, when he was polled, that he had no Conveyance, in Writing, of the Land he voted for. His Father said, he had given him the Land a Year and a Half before the Election; that his Son had built an House upon it, at his own Charge; and that the Conveyance was ordered to be drawn before, though not executed till after, the Election.

That James Butler was only a Mortgagee of Burgage Land, for a Term of Years, and not in Fee. It was answered, he had been Four Years in Possession, and voted at the former Election.

That Richard Talmage had not a Title to his Burgage Land, because his Mother, whose Land it was, had not joined in the Conveyance.

That Thomas Mason voted for Land that was not within the Borough.

There were Witnesses, said, that he paid a Burgage Rent, of one Penny, to the Mayor; and that the Owners of this Land had voted in former Elections, for Thirty Years, without Exception.

Bunny, who sold the Land to Mason, said, it was not Burgage Land; and, as to the Rent, that he contracted with him, to pay One Penny yearly; which was Part of that Rent he was obliged to pay for other Burgage Land.

And that Francis Sawyer voted for Burgage Land, that is an Idiot's Estate, not his own.

That then they proceeded to prove the obtaining Votes for the Sitting Members, by indirect and corrupt Practices.

That Thomas Powell and his Wife were treated with Meat and Drink by the Sitting Members, at Andover, the Saturday before the Election; but the Landlord of the House said, it was his Treat to Mr Wooland Colonel Shrimpton, who had bought a Hogshead of Wine of him, and that, seeing Powell in the Yara, he sent him to them.

James Haslet was called; who informed the Committee; that, upon his asking William Read, how he could be such a Villain, to vote against Mr. Park and Mr. Dean, when he had heard him promise them his Votes, he told him, he got more by voting for the Sitting Members; for Colonel Schrimpton had promised to make him a Serjeant in the Guards, and to give him Five Guineas, to vote for Mr.

Woollaston; which he had received.

Haslet and Read were confronted: They positively contradicted each other; but Read said, Colonel Park had promised to keep him in Work, if he would vote for him, and to make him a Governor of his Negroes in Virginia.

Haslet further said, Read told him, he would not give false Testimony: That Colonel Schrimpton had asked him, if he could not testify, that Colonel Park had offered him 201, for his Vote. He owned Mr. Woollaston had lent 50 /. to his Brother, which his Father was to repay; who told him, he would not have voted for Mr. Woollaston, but upon account of this Money. There w as no Obligation under his Fathers Hand, neither did Mr. Woollaston demand the Money before the Election, or threaten him.

That a Buck was sent to the House of Tho. Long, an Inn-keeper at Whitchurch, after the Teste of the Writ:

That Mr. Woollaston told Long, that, if he would vote for him, and for Colonel Schrimpton, the Buck should be spent there; otherwise not; and that it was carried from his House to Phillips's.

But Phillips said, the Buck was carried by Mistake to Long's; that he was spoke to by Mr. Woollaston, and had Notice of it, 3 or Days before the Buck came in; and made other Provision for the Entertainment of the Duke of Bolton, and the Gentlemen of the Countiy: That no Elector dined with them; that the Dinner is not yet

G paid

26 10° — 11° Novembris. A. 1702.

paid for, though he had received some Money of Mr. stance, that he was married himself the 16th March, 1680,

Woollaston towards it. Tho. Weston was treated with a and Mr. was born the February preceding.

Pint of Wine, by Mr Shephard, and Mr. Alexander: Mrs. Middlegesse said, Mr. Oglethoip's Age was 22 the They desired his Vote for Colonel Schrimpton, and the next February; which she could very well speak to, be latter promised to buy Shalloon of him: Mr. Shephard cause she wa3 sent for to the Lady Oglethorp's Labour, said, he was coming to live in the Country, and would be and she saw him born in February 1680. his Friend, if he voted for Colonel Schrimpton. Mrs. Banks and Mrs. , both of them said, they

Thomas Waterman said, Mr. Dean owed his Brother were at the Lady , when she lay in of Mr. Ogle-

shout 30 s.for Work; which Mr. Woollaston promised thorp; and that they took Mr. Oglethorp to be in the 22d to pay, if he would vote for him. Year of his Age: Which Mrs. Banks remembered by

But Tho. Gerard said, he asked Waterman to voie for her being married the June following; and Mrs.

Mr. Woollaston; and Waterman mentioning the Wages, ton, by her Daughter's Age, which was her first Child, due to him from Mr. Dean, Mr. Woollaston replied, he and would be 21 next February.

was a Justice of the Peace, and would get him his Wages, That the Register-book of St. Martin's Parish was pro-

whether he voted for him, or not. duced; wherein Mr. Oglethorp's Name was entered inTwo

' That the Counsel for the Sitting Members objected to Places, in the Year 1681; but both interlined, and writ those, that voted for the Petitioner; and Evidence was with a different Hand from the rest of the Register, given, that William Smith voted for a Burgage Estate he That Mr. Counsel produced the Copy of

held in Right of his Wife, in which she had only Thirds: the Record of s Conviction; by which it ap-

But he said, he had other Burgage Lands. peared, his Trial was in Trinity Term, 34 Car. II.

That Mr. Wood had an Acre of Burgage Land, but That Mr. Counsel examined several Wit-

sold Half before the Election. nesses; viz.

That J. Edu ards has only a third Part of an Acre of Mr. Martin , Mr, Samuel Freeman, Two of the Burgage Land, in Rightof his Wife. Jury-men on that Trial; who testified, that Mrs. Wall, a

That then they proceeded to prove corrupt Practices in Gentlewoman belonging to the Duchess of,

Colonel Parke. was examined, as a Witness at that Trial, by that Name.

And William Butler said, Colonel Parke had promised And Mr. Bulstrode testified, that the Lady Oglethoip to take off' his Shalloons at a dead time, and to give him was the Person so examined.

his Price, and to lay out 501, a Year with his Brother, That it was replied, that the Lady Oglethoip, though

for Shoes for his Negroes. He said, he wanted not his then married, for some Reasons might think fit to con-Custom, nor desired it; but voted for him. ceal her Marriage.

That J. Millet was asked by Colonel Parke, to vote for And that the Committee came to this Resolution: him; and told, he should do Half his Work, and his Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Brother should shoe his Horses: His Brother voted only That Lewis Oglethorp, Esquire, is duly elected, and re-

fer Mr. Dean', he, for Colonel Parke, and Colonel turned, a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the Borough Schrimpton: That he had not voted for Colonel Parke, of in the County of Surrey.

but that he did his Work; though he paid him only the The said Resolution being read a Second time;

common Rate, and was in the Work, before he came Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Com-

into the Country. mittee in the said Resolution, That Lewis Oglethorp,

That, before the Dissolution of the Parliament, an Esquire, is duly elected, and returned, a Burgess, to serve.

Hogshead of Beer was drunk at one Pointei's, by Mr. in Parliament for the Borough of Haslemere, in the County Stokes's Order, to make an Interest for Colonel Parke of Surrey.

among the Freeholders; and that Colonel Parke after- Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this wards told him, that, if he voted for him, he would pay House, Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for for it; otherwise Mr. Stoaks should. the said Borough of Haslemere, by taking off the Inden-

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came ture, by which James Titchbome, Esquire, is returned, to these Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

That Richard Woollaston, Esquire, is duly elected a Bur- Morning, Nine a Clock,

gess, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Whitchurch, in the County of Southampton.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That John Schrimpton, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Whitchurch.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

THOMAS Pelham, Esquire, being chosen a Knight Lewis Writ. Haslemere Mr. Bromley also (according to Order) reported, from of the Shire for the County of Sussex, and also a Bur-Election. the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as gess for the Borough of Lewis, in the same County, made it appeared to the Committee, touching the Election for his Election, to serve for the said County, the Borough of Haslemere, in the County of Surrey, and Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Resolution of the Committee thereupon, which they the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for had directed him to report to the House; which he read in the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; for the said Borough of in the room of the said

where the same was read, and is, as followeth; viz. Mr. Pelham.

That the Committee inspected the Record of the double Return, between Lewis Oglethorp, Esquire, and James A Petition of Thomas Ewer, of Busliy-hall, in the Marsham' Titchbom, Esquire, for the Borough of Haslemere) and County of Middlesex, Esquire, was presented to the House, Estate, also have examined the Merits of that Election. and read; setting forth, that in an Act of Parliament,

That, which occasioned the double Return, was an Ob- passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of the late King jection to Mr. Oglethorp's Age, that he was not 21 Years William, to enable Sir Robert Mar sham to sell Bushy-hall, of Age at the Time of the Election. and other Lands, in the County of Hertford, a Mistake

Mr. Oglethorp's Counsel, to prove his being of Age, hath happened in the Ingrossment, in the Recital of the called several Witnesses. Uses; instead of, to the Use of the said Sir Robert

Mr. John Pye said, that Mr. Oglethorp was in the 22d Marsham," it is recited, " to the Use of Robert Marsham,

Year of his Age; which he remembered by this Circum- and the Heirs Males of his Body;" which Mistake (as

advised)

Mercurii, 11° die;

Anno pritno Annas Regime. Praters.

Answers to Address, &c.

Privilege.

Army Debts.

Totness

Writ,

Tiverton

Writ.

Ann.

ii

Novembris.

27

advised) may prove a Deficiency in the Petitioner's Title, who has purchased the said Premisses, at a valuable Consideration, under the said Act: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for rectifying the said Mistake, all Parties consenting thereto.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Mountague do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Colonel Granville reported to the House, that her Majesty had been attended with their humble Address, congratulating her Majesty upon the publick Blessin jp the Recovery of his Royal Highness Prince George of mark, from his late dangerous Sickness; and that her Majesty had received the same very 'graciously, and did return this House her Thanks, for the Expressions of their Duty and Affection; therein expressed, both to herself, and the Prince: And he likewise acquainted the House, that Prince George of Denmark had been attended with their Congratulation upon his Royal Highness's Recovery; which the Prince was pleased to receive very kindly, and to return the House his thanks, for the great Concern they have shewed for him therein.

A Complaint being made to the House, that Mr. Gregory (a Member of the House) having distrained Goods of one Edward Wilkinson, a Tenant of his, for Rent due to him, one Mr. Wood, an Attorney at Law, and his Agents, have contrived to take the same out of his Possession, to the endangering the Loss of his Rent, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Complaint be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of William Femmes, Ephraim Dawson, Cap-

tain Temple Briscoe, and John on behalf of the Regiments, now, or lately, commanded by Brigadier William Woolsley, Colonel Robert Echlin, Colonel Charles

Rosse, Major-general William Stuart, Sir John Sir HenryBellasyse, Lieutenant-general Douglas, Colonel John Mitchelbum, and Colonel Thomas St. John, was

presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Commissioners, for taking the Accounts of the Army, have put a Stop to the delivering Certificates for the Balances due to the said several Regiments (whereby the Petitioners are deprived of receiving their Debentures, and applying them to the purchasing of the Irish Forfeitures) until the Pleasure of the House be known, touching the Irish Establishment; the said Stop arising from an Establishment, intended to be put in Force from the 1st of January 1690-1, which appointed the said Regiments, with others, to be the standing Forces for Ireland, upon Irish Pay; but the War continuing, they were paid upon the English Establishment, till the 31st December, 1691, the said Irish Establishment being represented, by the then Lords Justices, as impracticable: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Commissioners of Accounts have a Copy of the said Petition; and that they do report to the House a State of the Matter therein mentioned.

Sir Christopher Musgrare, Baronet, being chosen a

Knight of the Shire for the County of Westmoreland, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Totnesse, in the County of Devon, made his Election to serve for the County of Westmoreland.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Totnesse, in the room of the said Sir Christopher Musgrave.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for Vol. 14.

the Borough of Tiverton, in the County of Derm ', in the room of Charles Lord Spencer, npw Earl of called up to the House of Lords.

John Jeffries, Esquire, being chosen a Knight of the Marlborough Shire for the County of Brecon, and also a Burgess for the "

Borough of Marlborough, in the County of made his Election, to serve for the County of Brecon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Marlborough, in the room of the said Mr. Jeffreys.

A Petition of Sir Edward Williams, of Gzoernevet, in William the County of Brecon, Knight, was presented to the House, Estat and read; setting forth, that, upon the Petitioner's Intermarriage, a Settlement was made of divers Manors, Lands, and Premisses, upon himself and Wife, for their Lives, and the Issue, Male and Female, begotten between them; at which Time the said Premisses were incumbered with several considerable Debts, which are unpaid, and which the Petitioner is unable to pay, without Sale of Part of the Premisses, and incapable, by reason of the said Limitations, without the Aid of an Act of Parliament: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, to vest some Part of his Estate in Trustees, to enable them to sell and dispose of the same, for discharging the Debts charged thereupon before the said Settlement.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr.

Foley and Mr. Harley do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The Clerk of the Crown attended, according to Order, Hastemero and amended the Return for the Borough of Return

in the County of Surrey. amended.

Sir Henry Pickering (according to Order) presented to Cham the House a Bill, for the cleansing and digging the Shal- Navigation, lows of the River Cham, from the University and Town of Cambridge unto Clayhive Ferry, and for making and erecting Sluices, and other Engines, on, and adjoining unto, the said River: And the same was received.

Mr. Bromley, from the Commissioners for taking the Earl of public Accounts, presented to the House a Narrative or Ranekgh' Representation of their Proceedings, in relation to the Ac- AccounP counts of the Earl of Ranelagh, Paymaster of the Forces; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is, as followeth; viz.

WHEN your Commissioners entered upon the Execution of the Trust, lodged in them by Act of Parliament, they applied themselves, in the first Place, to the Examination of the general Receipts and Issues of the public Revenue, for as long Time past, as, they supposed, their Commission would allow, and to the Inspection of the particular Management of those Offices, through which the Treasure of the Nation is conveyed into the Exchequer.; and though it is little more than Seven Months, since they were first constituted, and some Time was necessarily spent in many previous Preparations, before they could enter upon Business, as well as lost afterwards by that Interruption, which the calling of a new Parliament occasioned, yet they will in a few Days be ready to make you a Report of their Proceedings upon these Matters.

They resolved also to enquire into the Management of the Receipts at the Exchequer, and the Distribution of the Money afterwards; but this being a large Field, and a Work of great Extent, they chose chiefly to apply themselves to the two great Branches, the Army, ana Navy; for the Services of which, 47,674,089 /. l 3frf. , have been paid to the several Treasurers and Paymasters, between the 5th of November, 1688, and Michaelmas last; of which the greatest Part has not been at all accounted for.

Of

Earl of

Ranelagh's

Accounts.

8 ii° Novembris. \ 1702.

Of this Stun the Earl of Ranelagh, Paymaster of the Army, has received 19,518,452/. 4 1

Your Commissioners began, as early as they could, to call upon his Lordship, and the other Officers concerned with the Army, for those Materials, they thought necessary, in order to the examining and stating his Accounts; and l>eing very sensible of his long Experience, and great Abilities, as well as of their own little Practice in Things of this Nature, they endeavoured to collect such Papers, and ask such plain Questions, as must, if fairly complied with, and punctually answered, lay all open to their View.

That your Commissioners might the better judge, what was proper for them to ask of his Lordship, they writ to him, April the 15th, for a true Copy of his Commission, together with such Instructions, as he had at any time received, for the Execution thereof.

May the 15th, your Commissioners issued a Precept to his Lordship, for Accounts to be exhibited, on Thursday, the 25th of June, according to the Schemes they prescribed him, of the Balance remaining in his Hands on the 5th of November, 1688; of all Money he had received, between that Time, and the 25th of December, 1701; of all Deductions made from the Regiments; and also of all his Payments whatsoever.

His Lordship, in Return to this Precept, brought to your Commissioners general Abstracts of Accounts, with gross Items of his Payments, and such, as were in no Respect conformable to the Method they prescribed; and, among other Things, his Lordship urging the great Pains, and Expence of Time, it would require, to be so particular, as they desired, that therefore the least Trouble possible might be given him, your Commissioners only insisted, that he should make up for them such Regimental Accounts, to the last of March, 1692, inclusive, as from that Time he had been obliged to do by Act of Parliament. With this his Lordship was sometimes pleased to say, he would comply, and immmediately afterwards to affirm it to be impracticable. They argued, that it was impossible for him to make out Debentures, for clearing the Regiments to this Time, if he had not had all his Payments upon Account to them before him; and that the gross Sums, delivered in to your Commissioners, must arise from Particulars. At last his Lordship owned, that in the Books of his Office they were contained, with all his Payments to, and for the Use of, the Forces, digested regimental ly. Much Time having been unprofitably spent in Conferences and Letters, that more might be lost, nor his Lordship put to the Trouble of picking (as he called it) these Payments out of his Ledger, they desired, he would please to let them have the Originals, and promised to take that Labour off his Hands.

His Lordship then began to dispute their Authority to require any of these Accounts, which had been laid before former Commissioners, and some of which had been passed by the Auditors: Though your Commissioners must beg Leave to observe, that his Lordship had already brought them Abstracts of these Accounts, and never disputed their Authority, till they called upon him to lay before them such further Particulars, as they thought absolutely necessary for the perfect examining, and true stating, of them; and that his last Account, for 15 Months, ending the 31st of March 1692, was not declared, till after they had sent to him for his Accounts, and very few Days before he made his Return.

That your Commissioners might be able to judge, whether the Ledgers, in his Lordship's Office, would answer what was expected from them, they sent, July the 2d, a Member of this Commission, with one of the Ac-comptants, to inspect them; but his Lordship refused to suffer it, and, after taking more than seven Weeks, to consult his Counsel (which he had promised to do in Two or Three Days) whether, by Law, he was obliged to comply with what your Commissioners had desired, at last, August the 19th, he sent them Two Books, but at the same Time acquainted them by Letter, that he thought it both reasonable, and necessary, to take such Abstracts, as might readily inform him, what they contained, should any Misfortune happen to them: Upon which.

your Commissioners, taking into Consideration his Lordship's great Care and Caution, and the Jealousies he seemed to have of them, directed the Books to be scaled up, and no Use to be made of them, till the Abstracts had been examined and compared.

His Lordship's Clerks were so uncertain in their Attendance, and so often ill, or out of Town, that Three Weeks passed before this could be finished; and then, upon your Commissioners [a] looking into them, it soon appeared, they were in no Sort what they expected, or what his Lordship had given them Reason to believe they were.

These Disappointments discouraged not your Commissioners, who desired his Lordship once more to give himself the Trouble of coming to them. With this he wa3 pleased to comply; and they acquainted him, that they thought it impossible for them to discharge their Duty faithfully, and to your Satisfaction, unless they had the Credits of the several Regiments more particularly stated; and unless he was pleased to distinguish, what he paid in Cash, and what he had deducted for Poundage, Hospital, Arms, Ammunition, Transportation, Bread, fyc. His Lordship said, that, if your Commissioners would name any Regiment, he could soon give them such an Account of it: They then replied, if his Lordship could do it in one Instance, he must be able, in a little more Time, to do it in all the rest; and pressing him for such Accounts, he thought fit again to insist, that he was not obliged to give them any for this Time; but being asked, if that was his final Resolution, he said, he would look for those Scraps of Paper (to use his own Expression) which Mr. Abbot perhaps might have left behind him, and endeavour to give them Satisfaction. They let his Lordship know, he should have immediately a Precept, to this Effect, from them; and accordingly, as soon as it could be dictated, and writ, it was dispatched to his Lordship's Office; but he had just before taken Coach, and was gone to Cranbomc; and from that Time they have had no such Account from him.

notwithstanding all these Difficulties, that your Commissioners have laboured under, from the Delays, Neglects, and imperfect Accounts, they have received from the Paymaster of the Army, and the little Satisfaction they have met with, in their Enquiries, from those other Offices, that were chiefly instituted, as Checks and Controls upon the Paymaster; yet, that nothing might be wanting, on their Part, to discharge the Trust reposed in them, they have examined, as well as they have been able, the Paymaster's Accounts between the 1st of January, 1687, and the last of March, 1692; and though they cannot pretend [to present ] you with a perfect State of them, yet they shall humbly lay before you, what Method they have taken, and what Observations have occurred to them upon the said Accounts.

They have examined the Earl of Ranelagh's Charge, which appears' to consist of the following Particulars:

Balance due from the Accomptant at> £ < *

the Foot of the preceding Account 3 3>9&5 13 8i

The Exchequer Charge - - - 3,838,540 18 0

What his Lordship voluntarily charges 64,359 6 3

Interest received on Tallies, more than) ,

whathis Lordship brings to Account) 3

His Lordship's Answer to the Charge of Interest, received on Tallies, is, that these Tallies were assigned over to several Persons, who received the Interest; and therefore he ought not to be charged with it He alleges, that it has been his constant Course, to write his Name upon the Back of the Orders, without any formal Assignment; that these Orders were then delivered to such as had a Right to receive them, with all the Interest due from the Date of them; and that, upon Examination, it appears, that when the Money, due on such Orders, has been received at the Exchequer, Acquittances have been written over the Paymaster's Name, as if he had received both Principal and Interest. Upon which, your Commissioners observing what his Lordship affirmed, they thought it proper to write to him, to come prepared with Evidence,

[«] " Petitioners," Journal.

These Words are supplied from the Original Narrative, which is preserved among the Papers of this Session.

f t

i Ann;

ii® N&vembris.

9

to justify this Answer to their Charge of Interest; in Return to which his Lordship acquainted them, that Mr. Pigeon,his Clerk, being out of Town, he could

not so soon be ready: And since that Time they have never heard from him.

Your Commissioners have still charged him with this Interest; and they beg Leave to take notice, that the Method, his Lordship uses in his Assignments of Tallies, appears to them a Practice very liable to Fraud, and capable of covering any; and since no Date of Assignment appears, nor other Name, but his Lordship's, or his Agents, your Commissioners conceive it their Duty to charge him with all Interest received upon the same.

If they are right in these Particulars, then his Lordship's Charge for this Time, as far as it has been in their Power to state it, amounts to 4,344/. 8j. 3d. more, than he has made it.

As to his Lordship's Discharge, they have at present, for the Reasons before mentioned, only these following Observations to lay before you:

First, That all the Regiments, Troops, and Companies, which were in the Service of the late King and which, it is notorious, had many popish Officers and Soldiers in them, and were broke, and dispersed, upon the Earl of Fecersham's disbanding the Army on the 13th of December, 1688, are, by Warrant upon his Lordship's Certificate of Debentures, paid compleat to several Days in January, February, March, and April, following.

Secondly, That the Warrants, for several such Payments, bear Date, some a Year, others Two Years, after the said Regiments, Troops, and Companies, were disbanded.

Thirdly, That there are several Warrants, for paying compleat Numbers allowed on the Establishment, notwithstanding any Defect in, or Want of, Muster-rolls.

Fourthly, That there is a Warrant, dated the 17th of October, 1689, to the Auditors of the Imprests, to allow his Lordship the Sum of 172,340/. which he had Direction from his Majesty to pay to several Persons, without Deductions. The Auditors are not to charge the Persons aforesaid with these Sums, or any Part thereof; his Majesty reserving the Examination of the particular Disbursements to himself or to such, as he shall appoint for that Purpose.

F ifthly, That his Lordship discharges himself of several Sums, paid for levying the Lord Mor jaunt's (now Earl of Peterborow) and Sir John Guise his Regiments, although your Commissioners find, one of the Articles in the Account, laid before this House, of the Charge, the States General had been at in the Resolution, and upon which you paid them 600,000l. is for raising the Regiments of the Lord Mordaunt, Sir J Peyton, Sir

John Guise, and others. And here your Commissioners must observe, that the Earl of Regiment is paid

from the 5th of November, 1688, the Earl of Monmouth's, from the 1 oth, and that of Colonel from the

23rd, of the said Month, though his late Majesty landed in England on the 5th of November, Five Days before the Second, and Nineteen Days before the last. Besides, as to the Payment of 1,582/. 2 to the Earl of Monmouth, your Commissioners find the Vouchers signed, and, they believe, writ, by the said Earl himself; in which it is expressed, that Part of this Sum was received from Mr. Row, Part from the Dutch Paymaster, and the rest from the Earl of RanNow his Lordship hath surcharged himself with what was paid by Mr. Rote, but not (as he ought to have done) with what was paid by the Dutch Paymaster.

Sixthly, That, whereas his Lordship discharges himself of several Sums, paid by Warrant to Captain w

Smith, Captain Anthony Power, and Captain Henry Davies, and has passed his Account for the same, by Vouchers under their Hands, the said Captains Smith and Davies have made positive Oaths, that their Hands are forged; and your Commissioners have reason to suspect, that Captain Powers's Hand is so too; and, as Vot. 14.

an undeniable Evidence of this Fact, in what concerns garl of Captain Smith, it appears to your Commissioners, that, Ranelagh" after his Lordship had made use of the Voucher, in order Account , to stop a Complaint, which was coming into this House, he made up Captain Smith's Account, and paid him the Balance.

Seventhly, That some of his Lordship's Vouchers for Payments are only loose Papers, put into Warrants, with a Name, and nothing more, writ on them.

Eighthly, That the Payments differ very much, in many Particulars, from the Establishments< That there are Rasures in some Warrants, and very extraordinary Payments directed in others; of which your Commissioners will give you the Instances, when you please to require them.

Ninthly, That his Lordship charges himself, for Interest received, 916/. due intermediately upon Tallies, transferred over to Sir Joseph Heme:Your Commissioners

find a Warrant, signed by the late King, for allowing the Earl of Ranelaghthis Sum, as paid to George Clark,

Esquire, for secret Service, together with another Sum, paid to Rudolph Kiett,of Two thousand Pounds, without Account; and also a Privy Seal, dated the 18th of June last, for the Auditor to allow' his Lordship the same upon his Accounts; And, upon further Enquiry, it appears to your Commissioners, that the said Sum of 916/. (the only Interest his Lordship brings to Account) was never paid, as is pretended, to George Clark,

Esquire, but his Name was only used in Trust for his Lordship, who had the same to his own proper Use.

Tenthly, That, whereas his Lordship discharges himself by Payments to Colonel Cunning, and to Lieutenant-colonel St.John, each 2,000l. your Commissioners are not very well satisfied with his Lordship's Vouchers for the same, and are making further Enquiry into that Matter; but, in the mean time, they think themselves obliged to acquaint you, that Colonel Cunningham hath made Oath, that he re-paid to the Earl of 1,500l. or thereabouts, in Part of the 2,000l. which had been imprested to him; and this, your Commissioners conceive, his Lordship ought to have surcharged himself with.

To their Observations, upon these Accounts, your Commissioners have only this further to add, that the Earl of Ranelagh makes the Balance of his Account, due to himself, 185,268/. 14s. od.

The Army w as cleared to the last of March, 1692; and therefore your Commissioners made this the First Period of Time for their examining the Paymaster's Accounts. They have not been able to proceed much further upon those, which follow, and which seem to be laid before them very confused and imperfect; for, upon the little Inspection they have made into them, they observe, his Lordship's Discharges are generally by Payments of gross Sums, upon Account:

Others, by Payments to several Persons, for several Services, and on Several Occasions, without specifying the Services, or Occasions.

Particularly, he discharges himself, in some Instances, thus;

Paid to several Persons, for especial"

Services, and for sundry Disburse-! ments for especial Services, relating ( to the Forces -

Paid to several Persons, for Contin-} gencies of divers Natures -To Monsieur Schuylen burg, for several i Sums advanced by him, for several> 76,477 Services, relating to the Forces -)

There are several other very great Sums, charged for I-oss by Remittances, and for Secret services, without Account; but with these, and others of the like Nature, your Commissioners will not at present trouble you: They only beg Leave further to observe, that his Lordship has forgot to carry a Balance, due from him, of 20,792/. 7s. id.

II And

27,150

s.

16

d.

3

50,929 17 31

8 oj

Jo n° — 12 — 13 0 A. 1702.

Malmsbury

Writ.

Duke of Ormond's Answer to Vote of Thanks.

Manner of going to St. Paul's.

And that, in another Account he makes > £ A

the Balance, due to himself, i 3 ‘8>886 12 o But has carried to the following Account 98,429 13 11 -f Which, according to his own CalculaO

tion, is more than it ought to be, 3 T

As your Commissioners, from these, and other the like, Instances, see, that these subsequent Accounts are as extraordinary, and no less imperfect, than the former; so they have great Reason to apprehend, that, when they shall call upon his Lordship, to lay others before them, in such a Method, as they conceive most necessary, for their due examining and stating of them, it cannot be complied with; because, when thevsent Two of their own Members with a Precept to his Lordship, to see, whether he had kept such a Register of his regimental Accounts, as he was required to do by a Clause in an Act, passed in the 4th and 5th of the late King and Queen (for punishing Officers, and Soldiers, who shall mutiny, or desert) and continued, by several other Acts, till the 10th of April, 1698, they reported, that there was no such Register kept; that neither his Lordship, nor those he employed, owned, they knew of the Clause; but that his Lordship desired to know, where it was to be found, and said, he would read it, before he slept. They reported also, that his Lordship seemed as ignorant of the like Clause, passed in another Act of the last Session, against Mutiny and Desertion; % nd that he has kept no such Register in his Office.

This Narrative, and these Observations, your Commissioners humbly submit to the Consideration of the House.

(L. S.) W. Bromley. () Fr. Scobell. () J-( L. S.) //. St. John. () Gods. Copley. () R. Byerley.

(L. S.) T. Coke.

Ordered, That the Earl of Ranelagh have a Copy of the said Narrative, or Representation.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday seven-night, take the said Narrative, or Representation, into Consideration.

Sir Charles Hedges, being chosen a Burgess for the Borough of Caine, in the County of and also a

Burgess for the Borough of Malmsbury, in the same County, made his Election, to serve for the said Borough of Caine.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Malmsbury, in the foom of the said Sir Charles Hedges

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported, that the Committee, appointed, had attended his Grace the Duke of Ormond with the Thanks of tills House; and that he was pleased to say, It was the greatest Honour, could be. given to a Subject: That, as for his Part, he had done nothing, but what was his Duty; and that all the Troops under his Command behaved themselves very, gallantly: And he desired to express his utmost Thanks, for the Honour this House had done him.

Resolved, That this House will go from the House to St. Paul's Church Tomorrow, to the Solemnity of the Publick Thanksgiving.

Resolved, That this House will be going to their Places, prepared for them in the Choir of St. Paul's Church, Tomorrow Morning, by Eight of the Clock.

Ordered, That no Member do go into the Place in the Choir in St. Paul's Church, provided for the House, before Mr. Speaker, and the House, come thither.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do take into Custody all and every Person and Persons (other than Members and Officers of the House) that shall presume to press, or come, into the Place in the Choir in St. Paul's Church, provided for the Mem-j bers of this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do appoint the several Doorkeepers, to keep the Passages to the Places pro-12

vided for the Members of this House, in the Choir of St. Paul's Church.

Ordered, That the Members do go to St. Pauls Church in their own Coaches, with a Pair of Horses only in each Coach.

Ordered, That no Hackney Coaches be permitted.

Ordered, That no Hackney Coaches, Carts, or Drays, be permitted to be, or go, Tomorrow Morning, between the Palace-yard Westminster, and; and that

Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants to the Justices of Peace, the Bailiff of Westminster, and other proper Officers, to prevent the same.

Ordered, That, for the more orderly proceeding to the said Solemnity, and preventing any Disorder-therein, upon this Occasion, the Speaker do go first, and the Members Coaches follow his, one by one.

Ordered, That no Members Coach do go out of the Palace-yard before the Speaker's Coach.

Mr. Bertie reported from the Committee, appointed to go and confer with the Surveyor of her Majesty's Works, what Conveniencies are prepared for this House at St.Paul's Church; and to report, how they find the same, to the Hoilse; that they have been accordingly there, and do find the Stalls and Seats, on each Side the Choir, most convenient for the Reception of this House, which will contain Three hundred Persons; and for such of the Members, as cannot be placed below, there will be convenient Seats, for the Accommodation of them, in the upper Galleries on each Side.

Resolved, That this House do agree with the Committee, That the Stalls and Seats on each Side the Choir, and upper Galleries, be reserved for this House; and that Mr. Speaker do sit in the Middle, on the South Side.

Report from Committee superintending Preparations at St. Paul's.

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Ways and next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means, for raising the Supply, granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committee.

Anci then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Seven a Clock.

Jovis, 12° die Novembris;

AnnoprirnoAnns Regina.

THE House being met, in order to their proceed- The Hous# ing to attend her Majesty, in the Solemnity of the St>

public Thanksgiving, at St. Paul's Church; 11

They adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

And her Majesty being at St. James's, Mr. Speaker first (with the Officers of the House attending him) and the several Members, in their Coaches, went from the House, through St. James's Park, and through James's, and from thence along the Pall-mall, and Strand, and Fleet-street, to St. Pauls Church; and Mr. Speaker sat in the Middle of the South Side of the Choir, with the Mace before him; and the Clerk and Serjeant sat on the Steps below him, and the Members in the places provided for them.

Veneris, 13° die Novembris;

Amo primo Ann® Regirur.

Praters.

flRDERED, That the Thanks of this House be given Bishop of to the Lord Bishop of Exeter, for the excellent Ser- Exeter mon preached by him Yesterday before her Majesty, and thanlled-

both

PbOf.

Tythes of Hops

Tamworth

Writ.

Marsham's

Estate.

S p dy.

Ways and Mentis.

i Ann.

x 3 — 14° N

3

both Houses of Parliament, at Paul's Church; and that Colonel Granville and Mr. How do attend his Lordship with the Thanks of this House.

Mr. Webb (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, for the better Provision for, and settling of, the Poor, in Places extra-parochial: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time in a full House.

Mr. Secretary Hedges acquainted the House, that he Subsidies, was commanded by her Majesty to lay before this House, a State of the Subsidies due to the Allies, on account of the last War.

And he presented the same to the House accordingly; and the same was read, and is, as followeth; viz.

Upon WARRANTS remaining unsatisfied:

To the King of Pnissia, upon a Warrant, dated the 4-f) Day of May, 1696, for 40,000 Rix Dollars, which > remains unsatisfied ----- -j

To the Dukes of JVolfenbottle, upon the Three Warrants, dated as follow:

One Warrant, 9 November, 1695, for 11,111: 3. One,-,4 May, 1696, for 22,222: 6.

One, June, 1697, for 6,555: 25.

Which remain unsatisfied.

To Hanover and Cell, upon a Warrant, dated 20 June,7

1697, remaining unsatisfied.....j

To the Duke of Holstein, upon a Warrant, dated 2d April, 1697, S. N. for the Sum of 50,000 Rix Dol lars; whereof One 4th Part remains unsatisfied To the Landgrave of Hesse Cassel To the Bishop of Munster -To the King of Denmark -

Rix Dollars

Pounds Sterling, at 4 s.6d. each Rix Dollar

hi

-J

Further Debt, voted by the House of Commons the 30th January, 1697. Total.

Rix Dollar . 40,000 0 Rix Dollars. 180,000 0 Rix Dollars. 220,000 0

39,888 34 121,223 0 l6l,lll 34

37,500 0 50,000 0 87,500 0

12,500 0 25,000 0 37,5o 0

[ 254,000 0 254,000 0

149,997 0 M9,997 0

200,000 0 200,000 0]

129,888 34 980,220 0 1,110,108 34

£. s. C s- £ d.

29,264 16 250,549 10 249,774 6

Memorandum: There is further demanded by the King of Denmark, pursuant to the Treaties in the Years 1696, and 1701, the Sum of 100,000 Rix Dollars.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said State be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply, granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Pitt (according to Order) presented to the House

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had

Bill, to ascertain the Tythes of Hops: And the same directed him to report, when the House will please to

was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

And the Question being put, That the Bill be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also reported from the said Committee, That they had directed him to move, that they may

Henry Thyn, Esquire, being chosen a Burgess for the iaVp aVj a a!?'. , .

Borough of Weymollh, in the County of floret, and , " House w, II, upon Mmim,

.Iso a Burgess for the Borough of Tamworth, in the Mona wrt, at Eleven a Clock resolve itself into a Counties of Stafford and Warwick, made his Election, to Committee of the whole House, to consider further of

serve for the Ji Borough of W mautk. a?s , and Means- for """Slhe SuPP 8ranted to ber

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to aJes the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Ordered, That all Committees be revived, the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament . , TT,

for the said Borough of Tamworth, in the room of the t ie.n t ? . ous® adjourned till Tomorrow

said Mr. Thyn. Morning, Nine a Clock.

Committees.

Mr. Mountague (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, for rectifying a Mistake in a late Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable Sir Robert Marsham, Knight and Baronet, to dispose of Lands in Hertfordshire, and to settle other Lands, of better Value, in Kent, to the same Uses, as the Lands in -

shire are settled: And the same was received.

The First Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply, granted to her Majesty.

The House (according to the Order of the Day) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means, for raising the Supply, granted to her Majesty.

Vol. 14.

Sabbati, 14 die Novembris;

Anno prhno Anns Regina.

Praters.

A PETITION of the Serge or Worsted Weavers, Apprentice and other Woollen Weavers, living in, and near in Woollen Taunton, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the ra"u ac House, and read; setting forth, that their said Trades are very much decayed, by reason that several Persons, especially the Weavers, take Five, Six, or Seven, Apprentices at one time, and many intrude into that Trade, who never served their Apprenticeships thereto, and many Persons come into the said Town, with Discharges, who

The Sums, inclosed in Crotchets, are omitted in the Journal, but supplied from the original Account, which is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

cannot

Marsham's

Estate.

Cham Navigation.

Milborne Port Election.

Stawell

Estate.

3 2 140 Novembris. . 1702.

scannot be rfeirioved by Law, until they become chargeable to the Parish, although the Townsmen, upon Heat of Elections to Parliament, are turned out of Work, and others employed in their room; so that if the Act of the 2d Phill.' Mary Cap. the u, be not revived (it being a general Notion, that Serge-weaving is not within that Statute) the Petitioners are like to be undone: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to a Committee, to examine and consider the Matter thereof, and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Francis JVar, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Clark, Lord JVm. P Sir Tho. Sir

Math. Dudley, Mr. Smith, Mr. Jervoise, Mr. King, Mr. Grahme, Mr. England, Mr. Heme, Mr. Pagit, Sir Chr. Alusgi'ave, Mr. Aylmer, Lord Mr. Milton,

Mr. Monson, Sir Jos. Jekyll, Mr. Bruce, Mr. Mountague,

Sir Tho. Hanmere, Mr. Blofcil Mr. Price, Mr. Fagg, Sir Fra. Massam; and all, that serve for the Counties of Somerset, Devon, Dorsett, Wilts, and Gloucester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And it is to be an Instruction to the Committee, that they do consider of the best Ways, for the regulating and improving the Woollen Manufacture; and report the same to the House.

A Bill, for rectifying a Mistake in a late Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable Sir Robert Alar-sham, Knight and Baronet, to dispose of Lands in Hertfordshire, and to settle other Lands, of better Value, in Kent, to the same Uses, as the Lands in Hertfordshire are settled, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill, for clearing and making the River Cham, alias Grant, more navigable for Barges, Boats, Lighters, and other Vessels, from Clayhithe, alias Clayhive, Ferry, in the County of Cambridge, unto the Queen's Mill in the University and Town of Cambridge, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House being informed, that the Petition of Thomas Meddlecot, Esquire, against the Election of Sir Thomas Travell, Knight, for the Borough of Milborne Port, in the County of Somerset, is appointed to be heard with the Matter of the double Return for the said Borough, and the Petitions relating the reunto, although the same be distinct from those Petitions, or the Matter of the double Return; and by that means comes on to be heard sooner, than otherwise it would j and that Sir Thomas Travell is but lately come from his Command in Ireland, and cannot be provided so soon to make his Defence;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, that they do not hear the Matter of the said Mr. Medles Petition with the Matter of the said double Return, but that the said Petition be appointed to be heard in course.

A Petition of William Coleman, Christopher Bale, Elizabeth his Wife, and John Legassick, Clerk, was presented to the House, and read, setting forth, that William Stawell Esquire, deceased, being greatly indebted, about June last made his Will, and devised his Lands, and Estate, in Cornwall and Devon, to the Petitioners, and William Bogan (an Infant) equally between them, after Debts and Legacies paid; that, by reason of the Infancy of the said William Bogan, they cannot sell or dispose of the real Estate of the said Mr. Stawell, his personal Estate being insufficient to pay his Debts: And praying, that Leave be given to bring m a Bill, to enable the said Petitioners to make a speedy Sale of the said Lands, for Payment of the said Debts and Legacies, according to the Intent of the said Will.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr.

Gwyn, Mr. Serjeant Hooper, and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the same.

A Petition of Thomas Bowes, Esquire, an Infant, and Bowes' Charles Beard, Gentleman, his Guardian, was presented Estate, to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner's (Bowes') Father died, leaving an Estate of .500l. per Annum, whereof 120/. per Annum lies in and the Residue in London,the whole Estate being charged with

Debts and Legacies; so that the annual Payments, issuing, exceed the yearly Income of the said Estate; whereby the Itifants are destitute of a due Provision for their Maintenance and Education, the Petitioner Bones being incapable, by reason of his Minority, to sell the said Estate, or raise any Money for his and his Sister's Maintenance; And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for vesting in Trustees the Estate lying in Essex, and Two Tenements in London, for Payment of the said Debts and Legacies, and preserving the rest clear of Charges, for the Benefit of the Petitioner.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Comynsand Mr. Corn/ers do prepare, and bring in,

the same.

A Petition of Thomas Lyster, Esquire, and Eliz. Lyster, Lyster Widow, on the Part and Behalf of Elizabeth, Frances, Estate. Thomas, William, Dorothea, John, Edward, Charles, and Jane, Lyster, Infants, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that Richard Lyster, Esquire, deceased, Grandfather of the said Infants, did settle an Estate in Shropshire, of above 600l. per Annum, upon his eldest Son Tho. the said Infants Father, and his Issue Male, with divers remainders over; that Tho. the Father, enjoyed the said Estate but Four Years, and died suddenly, having made no Provision for his said younger Children, and his Widow, having but too/, per Annum Jointure, cannot thereout provide for them, so that they are wholly destitute of Maintenance: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for charging the said real Estate with 200l. per Annum, for the Support and Maintenance of the said younger Children.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir Humphrey Mackworth do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Sir Roger Mostyn, Baronet, being chosen a Knight of Flint Writ, the Shire for the County of Chester, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Flint, in the County of Flint, made his Election, to serve for the County of Chester.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue Lis Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Flint, in the room of the said Sir Roger Mostyn,

Mr. Lowndes (according to Order) presented to the Exchequer House An Account of Exchequer Bills, to the 16th Day of October, 1702: And also,

The 9th Contract, and Subscriptions, for circulating Exchequer Bills.

And the Titles thereof were read.

And the Account is, as followeth;

A State of the Exchequer Bills, issued by virtue of Two Acts of Parliament, that passed in the 8th and 9th Years of his late Majesty's Reign; also of new Bills, made out in lieu of old Bills, cancelled, pursuant to an Act of Parliament, that passed in the 12th Year of his late Majesty's Reign, computed from the Time they were first respectively issued, to the 16th of October, 1702.

Ay

i Ann.

14° Novem

33

n Mer- \ iitional f e 5 8.)f

c-

1,500,000

a. d.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, as well by a Land Tax, as by several Subsidies,-) and other Duties, payable for One Year; by virtue whereof was issued -j

An Act for granting to his Majesty a further Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage upon Merchandize imported, for the Term of Two Years and Three Quarters, and an additional Land Tax, for carrying on the War against France,directed i,200,000l. (Vide Page of which issued ——

Total issued between the 26th April, 1697, and 5th February following

More in new Bills, in lieu of old Bills cancelled, pursuant to an Act of Parliament,-) _ ,.

Anno 12 Willielmi.....- - - - - -J 354,604 n

o o

M99,99° 0 0

2,699,990 0 0 3i

3,054,594 3i

The Bills, cancelled between the 26th April, 1697, and the 16th Day of October, 1702, distinguishing the respective Funds, by which they were cancelled, and the Interest, as well as Principal, were, as follows:

Principal.

Interest.

Total.

£ S. d. £ 1. d. £ s. d.

On Subsidies - - - 589,981 10 4 - - 23,870 I4 6! - - 613,852 4 lof

Tonnage - - 698,757 0 0 - - 65,335 1 1 ui - - 764,092 11 ni

12 d. Aid - - 404,972 0 0 - - 13,921 3 6i - - 418,893 3 6

Second 3 s.Aid - - 168,391 u 31 - - 23,349 2 2i - - 191,740 13 6i

of of Fourth 3#. Aid - - - - 357,280 0 0 - - 78,049 2 4i - 435,329 2 4i

More, for which new Bills have been made-) 3l

out, by virtue of an Act, passed Anno >281,795 0 0 - - 72,809 11 3i - - 354,604 11

12° JViUielmi - J

2,501,177 1 7i - - 277,335 5 1 1 - - 2,778,512 7 6t

Standing out uncancelled - 553,417 9 8

3,054,594 11 3!

ne money, remaining appucaoie 10 me cancelling 01 r.xcnequer dins, as wen in me jlxci in the Receivers Hands, on the 16th Day of October, 1702, is computed, as followed):

Exchequer.

On Subsidies Tonnage -I2rf. Aid -Second 35. Aid -f of Fourth 3 Aid

£ " d. £.

21 11 2f - - 2,000

087!-- O

62 o of - - 4,000

3,229 82 - - 20,640

2,439 7 4i - - 9,307

Uncollected s.

O O O O 0

d.

O

O

O

O

O

Total.

£ 2,021 o

4,062 23,869 11.746

11

8

o

8

7

d.

2 i 7i

Or

2

4i

5,752 15 5i - - 35,947

- - 41,699 15 5i

Thus the Deficiency upon the Exchequer Bills (after all the Monies that remain upon the several Funds, hitherto granted for cancelling the same, shall be applied accordingly) may be estimated as follows; viz.

The Principal, remaining unsatisfied on the 16th Day of October, 1702, as before, was - - 553,417

The Interest upon the said 553,417/. 95. 8 d.from the respective Dates of the Bills, to the said-)

16th of October, 1702, by the nearest Computation, is -

s.

d.

9 8

o 0

667,417 9 8

From whence deduct, what remains yet to be applied of the Funds already granted, as before - 41,699 15 51

Then the Deficiency, Principal and Interest, is - - - - '625,717142!

The total Charge of Premiums, Interest, and Management, to the 16th of June, 1703, when the ytb Contract will determine, is computed; viz.

1st, For Premiums on the several Contracts 1st, On 431,450/. paid in at -

2d, On 695,170/....

3d, On 517,345/. (abating for 125. forfeited)

4th, On 300,000l.

5th, On 1,000,000l.

6th, On 1,000,000l. - -

7th, On 500,000l....

8th, On 500,000l. -

9th, On 500,000l....

303,384/. C s. d.

10 per Cent. 43A45 0 0

10 69,517 0 0

10 5L722 0 0

8 24,000 0 0

4 40,000 0 0

3 30,000 0 0

3 15,000 0 0

3 15,000 0 0

3 15,000 0 0

adly, For Interest, actually paid on the said 16th of October, 1702, as before 277,335 For Interest, computed to be due on Bills standing out, and-) . OOQ remaining uncancelled ----- - -3 4,

c

303,384

s.

o

d.

o

5

o o

For Salaries, Incidents, 8$c. in the Trustees Office, for Six Years') and upwards, from the 27th of April, 1697, to the 16th June, > -

1703, when the present Contract will determine, computed atj

Vo u 14,

Total Premium, Interest, and Charges

39L335 5 H 33,000 o o

' 727,719 5 11

An

34

I40 — 16 NovemBris. 1702.

An Account of Salaries to the Trustees, and Officers, for circulating Exchequer Bills, for One Year, from the 10th June, 1702, to 17th June, 1703, when the 9th Contract will determine; with an Estimate of the Contingencies attending the Circulation, during that Time.

For Salaries. £.

fSir James Bateman - 400

Trustees.] John Heathcote, Esquire - 400

{Henry Termor, Esquire - 400

Mr. Lionell Hern, Secretary") and Accomptant -

Samuel Mitchel, Assistant - 100

Ime Hawgood, Clerk - - 50

Sam. Edwards, Cashier - 200

Tho. Brookkouse, Clerk - 60

Daniel Bridge, Clerk - - 60

Charles Nezoman, Teller - 60

Edward Thomas, Clerk - .50

Wm.Parrot, House-keeper 40

John Walworth, Messenger - 40

Mary Parrot - - 10

Officers.

c

1,200

To the Clerks of the Auditor of the Receipt, for the whole Charge and Expence of managing and performing the Business, relating to Exchequer Bills, in that Office - - -j

>- - - 650

2,770

For Stationary Ware, and other incident ]

Disbursements, with Charges of pas- I sing the Account with the Auditor of >

the Imprests, and through the several I ______

Offices of the Exchequer, estimated atj ——

Note, The First Contract began the 27th April, 1697, and the Salaries commence the 27th April yearly, anil are unpaid from the 27th April, 1702.

Wm. Lowndes.

Ordered, That the said Account, and Contract, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

That a Duty of Fifty Shillings per Cent, for one Year, he laid upon the Value of all Stock in Trade.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of Twenty-five Shillings per Cent, for one Year, belaid upon all Monies at Interest.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 4 That a Duty of Five Shillings in the Pound, for one Year, be laid upon all Salaries, Fees, and Perquisites, of Offices.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Shillings in the Pound, for one Year, be laid upon all Annuities, Pensions, and yearly Stipends.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Persons, of any Profession, relating to the Common or Civil Law, or to the Ecclesiastical Courts, or to Physick, or Surgery, all Preachers and Teachers in Congregations, all Brokers, and Factors, and Persons exercising any Profession whatsoever, shall be charged with a Duty of Four Shillings in the Pound, for one Year, upon so much, as, by Estimation, they do or may receive or get by their Practice, Employments, or Professions, in the Year.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said First Resolution; and that Mr. Solicitor-general, Mr. Conyers, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Bromley (according to Order) presented to the Occasional House a Bill, for preventing occasional Conformity: And Conformity, the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Tuesday next, at Twelve a Clock, in a full House.

And then the House adjourned till Moiutay Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lunce, 16° die N

Anno primo Annae Regina.

Prayers.

f\ RDE RED, That Sir Henry Ashurst, Baronet, be Wilton

at liberty to withdraw his Petition, touching the Elec- Election, tion for the Borough of I Tilton, in the County of Wilts.

Owen's

Estate.

Money for

repairing

Churches.

Ways and Means.

Mr. Hayes (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, for vesting divers Lands and Tenements of Edward Owen, of Eaton-Mascott in the County of Salop, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts: And the same was received.

A Bill, for the more easy Recovery of Monies for repairing Churches, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House, to Mr. Conyers, Sir Mr.

Harley, Mr. Webb, Mr. Stonehouse, Mr. Boyle, Sir Edw. Hussey, Mr. Tuck, Mr. King, Mr. Comyns, Sir John Kay, Mr. Pitt, Colonel Lee, Mr. Clark, Sir Roger Mostyn, Mr. Aislaby, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Bruce, Mr. Rcynell, Mr. Foley, Sir Walt. Yang, Mr. Montague, Sir Tho.

Mr. Topham, Mr. Curzon, Sir Matth. Dudley, Sit Walter Clarges, Mr. Norton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider ,of Ways and Means, for raising the Supply, granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are, as follow;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards the Supply granted to her Majesty, an Aid, not exceeding Four Shillings in the Pound, for one Year, be laid upon all Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

A Bill, for Sale of Part of the Estate late of William Peachey Peachey, Esquire, deceased, for the Payment of Legacies Estate, charged thereon, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Topham,

Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. Conyers, Sir Fra. Windham, Sir John Williams, Sir Matth. Dudley, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Shackerly, Mr. Fred. Herne, Mr. Mr.

Lee, Mr. Foley, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Air. Moun-

tague, Mr. Lawson, Mr. Price, Mr. Irby, Mr.

Mr. Gape, Mr. Colchester, Sir Edw. Hussey, Mr. Ogle-thorp, Mr. Chase, Mr. Gulston, Mr. Bulkley, Mr. Ojjley,

Mr. Comyns, Mr. Gregory; and all that serve for the Counties of Sussex and Surrey:And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir Humphry Mackworth (according to Order) present- Lyster's ed to the House a Bill, for charging the Estate of Thomas tsUte-Lyster, Esquire, deceased, for making Provision for his Nine younger Children: And the same was received.

A Bill, for vesting divers Lands and Tenements o Owen'» Edward Owen, of Eaton-Mascott in the County of Salop} tat ' Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts> was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Gwyn (according to Order) presented to the House Staweir a Bill, to enable William Coleman, and others, to make a Estate, speedy Sale of Lands, for Payment of the Debts and Legacies of William Stazcell, Esquire, deceased, according to

the Intent of his Will; And the same was received.

A Petition

i An& t6 — 170 Novembris. 35;

Complaint A Petition of Mary Stout, was presented to the House, ?P!nEt£" and read; setting forth, that in , 1700, the Peti-

M r 1 tioner sued out of the Chancery a Writ of Appeal, for the Death of her only Daughter Sarah Stoat, in the Name of Henry Stout, an Infant of about 12 Years of Age, against Spencer Cozcper, Ellis Stevens, and John Marson, Gentlemen, which Writ was delivered to Mr. Toller, the Under-sheriff of Hertfordshirethat, some Time after, the Petitioner sent to Mr. Toiler, to know, what Return he would make to the said Writ; who answered, he would make such Return, as the Law directed, when it was returnable; that, upon the 13th of April following, the Petitioner was, by the Lord Chief Justice Holt, admitted Guardian to the said Infant; and the; Writ being returnable on the 15th of the said April, the Petitioner appeared in the Court of King's Bench, upon the First Day of the Term, in order to prosecute the said Appeal, and procured the said Under-sheriff to be often called in Court, to make a Return of the said Writ; but he made Default, and the Petitioner obtained a Rule of Court, to compel him to appear, and make a Return; thereupon Mr. Toller attended, and by Affidavit informed the Court, that upon the 16th Day of the said April, (which was after the Day of the Return of the said Writ) he had delivered up the Writ into the Infant's Hands; and that, he understood, the same was burnt or destroyed; upon which the Court ordered Mr. Toller to answer to interrogatories, and, upon the last Day of the Term, his Answer was repoited; whereby it appeared, that (amongst other Things) the said Writ was actually destroyed; whereupon the Court was of Opinion, that Mr, Toller was guilty of a high Misdemeanor, and was in Contempt of that Court, and committed him to the Marshal of that Court, and fined him 200 Marks; that, by reason of the Destruction of the said Writ, and the Time being elapsed for suing outanother, the Course of Justice is stopt, and the Petitioner thereby is rendered wholly incapable of finding out the cause of the Death ot her only Child, unless, aided by the House: And praying the House to take the Petitioner's Case into Consideration, and afford what Remedy shall be deemed most suitable; and that the Petitioner may be at Liberty to bring in a Bill for her Relief, and to prevent all future Abuses, in such or the like Kind, by Under-sheriffs, or others, to obstruct publick Justice.

But the House thought not fit to do any thing thereupon.

The First Order of the Day being read;

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ways and The House (according to the other Order of the Day) Means. resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means, for raising the Supply, granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also reported from the said Committee, that they had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means, for raising the Supply, granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Vox,. 14.

Mortis, I?" die Novembris;

Anno primo Annas Reg

P R a Y e it s.

A PETITION of the Mayor, and Burgesses, of the Darwent Borough of Derby, was presented to the House, and Navigation, read; setting forth, that the said Borough is an Inland Town,- but hath a large River (called Darwent) running

into the navigable River of Trent,within six Miles Distance

of it; and the County of Derby abounding with great Stores of heavy Commodities, as Lead, Iron, Marble,

Plaister, Milstones, &c. the Highways, especially towards the River Trent,being exceeding deep, renders the Land

Carriage very difficult and expensive; which John Bur-roues, Esquire, and other Undertakers, have, at their own Charges, proposed to remedy, by making the River Darwent navigable from the said Town to the River and also-to build a convenient Dock, and Wharfs, for the Benefit of the said Borough, and the Poor thereof: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for making the said River Darwent navigable.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill; according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Stanhope, Mr. llarpur, and Sir Thomas do

prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Bill, to enable JVUliamColeman, and others, to make stawell's a speedy "Sale of Lands, for Payment of the Debts and Estate.

Legacies of William Stawell, Esquire, deceased, according to the Intent of his Will, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill, for charging the Estate of Tho. Lyster, Esquire, Lyster'i deceased, for making Provision for his Nine younger Estate. Children, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Reports from the Committee of Colchester, Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Elections. Borough of Colchester, in the County of Essex, and for the Borough of IVmdover, in the County of Bucks, be' made upon Saturday Morning next.

The House being acquainted, that Mr. RichardFowkes, Montgomery the Under-sheriff of the County of Montgomery, who was bounty Resummoned to attend this House, attended, according to turn"

Order, he was called in, and examined, touching his not making a Return of the Writ, for electing the Members of the said County: And he acknowledged, that he executed the Writ, and signed the Return; but said, that he had no ill Design in not sending it up; and begged the Pardon of the House for not doing it; and then withdrew.

A Petition of Dame Frances Travell, Wife of Sir Tho. Petition con-Travell, Knight, was presented to the House: ®rn, P8 a

And the same relating to Sir Tho. Travell, a Member of this House; who not being in the House;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until Sir Thomas Travell do come into the House.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Travel! do attend this House, in his Place, upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for the Regulating Encouragement of the mineral Manufactures of this Miners. Kingdom, and for regulating Miners; and that Sir Humphrey Mackworth and Sir Thomas do pre-

pare, and bring in, the same.

A Bill, for preventing occasional Conformity, was (ac- Occasional cording to Order) read a Second time. on

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next (after the Reports from the Committee of Privileges and Elections) resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Motion

36 170 — 18° No . 1702.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for the exempting Dissenters from such Offices, as cannot, by Law, be executed, without receiving the Sacrament according to the Usage of the Church of England;

It passed in the Negative.

Ways and Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Means. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred, to consider further of Ways and Means, for raising the Supply, granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are, as follow;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards the Subsidies, granted for the Year 1703, the Cities of London and Westminster, and County of Middlesex, be charged with Six Seventh Parts of the same Proportions, that were raised there by the Subsidies in the Year 1697.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the growing Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, granted by an Act, made iii the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, be continued from the 23d Day of June, 1703, to the 24th Day of June, 1704.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in, upon the said Resolutions, and the former Resolutions of the said Committee, agreed unto by the House; and that Mr. Solicitor-general, Mr. Conyers, and Mr. Loicndes, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 18 die Novembris;

Amo primo Annas Regina.

Praters.

WestloeWrit. £fIDNEY Godolphin, Esquire, being chosen a Burgess

for the Borough of Helston, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Westloe, in the County of made his Election, to serve for the said Borough of Helston.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing aJBurgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Westloe, in the room of the said Mr. Godolphin.

Privilege — A Petition of William Lewis, Sheriff of the County of

Person Monmouth, (in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, for not Epsc'h'r for mak n$ a Return of the Writ, for electing Members for sc -rge. jje gaicj County to serve in this present Parliament) was presented to the House, and read; acknowledging his Offence, and begging Pardon for the same; and praying to be discharged out of Custody.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Lewis be brought to the Bar Tomorrow Morning, to be examined.

Cham Navi A Bill, for clearing and making the River Cham, alias gation. Grant, more navigable for Barges, Boats, Lighters, and other Vessels, from Clayhithe, alias Clayhive, Ferry, in the County of Cambridge, unto the Queen's Mill in the University and Town of Cambridge, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sharp, Mr. Tredenham, Sir Edw. Turner, Mr. Price, Mr.

Air. Knatchbull, Sir Edm. Bacon, Sir Cha. Bloys, Sir Tho. Roberts, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Lord Paw let, Mr.

6

Johnson, Mr. Harley, Mr. Verney, Mr. Jennings, Air.

Butk/ey, Mr. England, Sir Fra. JUa>san, Mr. Larne, Mr.

Rendu, Sir John Mordant, Mr Clerk, Mr. Vernon, Air.

Lloyd, Sir John Williams;and all that serve for the Coun-

ties of Cambridge, Huntingdon, Norfolk, Suffolk, and Essex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for Privateers, the better Encouragement of Privateers; and that Mr. Solicitor-general, Mr. Clayton, and Air. Johnson, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Bill, for rectifying a AJistakc in a late Act of Parlia- Marsham's ment, intituled, An Act to enable Sir Robert Marsham, Esiute. Knight and Baronet, to dispose of Lands in Hertfordshire, and to settle other Lands, of better Value, in Kent, to the same Uses, as the Lands in are

settled, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Air. Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Alountague, Mr. Stonehouse, Mr. Clerk,

Mr. Schrimpton, Mr. How, Mr. Stanhope, Sir Wm. pard, Lord Powlet. Air. Monckton, Colonel Stringer,

Mr. Bray, Sir John Thorold, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Fagg, Sir Edw. Hungerford, Mr. Johnson, Mr. ClaytonffSlv.

burnham, Sir Walt. Yonge, Mr. Wortley, Mr. Mr.

Phips, Mr. Irby, Mr. Chivers, Mr. Nevilt, Mr. Stone-house, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Child, Mr. Hayes, Mr.

Shepherd', and all, that serve for the Counties of Hertford and Kent: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of AndrewHackett, Esquire, was presented Hackett't to the House, and read; setting forth, that, upon the Peti- Estate tioner's Alarriage with his now Wife Dorcas, the Daughter and Heir of Robert Fullwood, Part of an Estate at ton, in the County of Lincoln, was settled upon the Petitioner, and his Issue Alale, and other Part to the Petitioner in FccSiinple, and another Estate, in the Counties oiStafford and Wandek, and City of Litchfield, are vested in Trustees, for the Benefit of the said Robert Fullwood, and Alice his Wife, and after, of the Petitioner, and his Wife, and their Issue; that all the Parties concerned are satisfied, it is better for the Petitioner, and his Family, that the said Fee Simple in Lincolnshire should be settled, as the other Part of that Estate is settled, whereby to make the Lincolnshire Estate one intire Estate, the present Fee Simple Estate being of better Value, than the said Estate in the Counties of Stafford, Warwick, and City of Litchfield:

And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, to enable, the Petitioner to dispose, of the Premises in Staffordshire and Warwickshire, for making Provision for his younger Children, upon settling the said other Estate in Stroxloti (of better Value) to the same Uses, as the Staffordshire and Warwickshire Estates are now settled.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir John Thorold and Mr. Monckton do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Bill, for the better Provision for, and settling, the poor. Poor, in extra-parochial Places, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Alorning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for Oath of the enlarging the Time for taking the Oath of Abjuration, Abjuration, and also for recapacitating and indemnifying such Persons, as have not taken the same by the Time limited, and shall lake the same by a Time to be appointed; and that Sir Matthew Dudley, Sir Christopher Musgrave, and Mr. Webb, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The

V

i Ann.

i 8° — 190 Novembris.

37

Privilege — Influencing Election by Bishop of Worcester.

Address for removing him from Office.

Mr. Lloyd to be prosecuted.

Committees.

The House (according to the Order of the Day) proceeded to take into Consideration the Complaint of Sir John Pachington, the Second Instant, against the Lord Bishop of WorccsUr, and Mr. Lloyd, his Son, relating to

the (lights and Privileges of the House of Commons. And Sir John Pachington, in his Place, acquainted the House, that lie had reduced the Matter of the said Complaint into several Heads; which he read in his Place, and is as followeth; viz.

Sir John Packington % Charge.

1 st, That soon after the last Parliament rose, the Bishop of Worcester took upon him to send to me, to desist from standing to be elected Knight for that County, and to threaten me, that, if I would not desist, he should think himself obliged to speak against me to his Clergy.

2dly, He sent some Letters himself and his Secretary sent others, to several of his Clergy, with Directions, to make what Interest they could against me in their several Parishes; and where they could not prevail with such who voted singly for me in the last Election, to give a Vote for one, or both the other Candidates, they should desire them to stay at Home; and, in order to this, his Lordship sent them Copies of the Poll of their respective Parishes.

3dly, He aspersed me to his Clergy, branding me, and my Ancestors, with several Vices; and, at his Confirmation, and Visitations, solicited his Clergy to vote against me; representing me as very unfit to serve in Parliament, and threatening them with his Displeasure, if they did not vote against me.

4thly, He aspersed me, and my Ancestors, to several of the Laity, who were his Tenants; and threatened them, that, if they would not vote against me, they should never renew any Estate under him, and that he would set such Marks upon them, that his Successors should not suffer them, nor their Children, to renew any more.

5thly, Mr. Lloyd, the Bishop's Son, aspersed me, and gave scandalous Characters of me to several Freeholders, whom he solicited to vote against me, and told them, I voted for bringing in a French Government

6thly, The Bishop'6 Secretary aspersed me to several Freeholders, in the like Manner; representing me as unfit to sit in the House, threatening them with the Bishop's Displeasure; and said, they might as well vote for the Prince of Wales, as for me.

After which, the Witnesses, to the respective Heads, were severally called in, and examined at the Bar thereunto: And then they severally withdrew.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That Sir John Pack-

ington has, by Evidence, fully made out the Charge, which he exhibited against the Lord Bishop of Worcester.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That Sir John Packington has, by Evidence, fully made, out the Charge against Mr. Lloyd, the said Lord Bishop's Son.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, that the Proceedings of William Lord Bishop of Worcester, his Son, and his Agents, in order to the hindering the Election of a Member for the County of Worcester, have been malicious, unchristian, and arbitrary, in high Violation of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of England.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, That she will be graciously pleased to remove William Lord Bishop of Worcester from being Lord Almoner to her Majesty.

Resolved, That the said llesolution, and Address, be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House, as are,of her Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Matter, relating to the Lord Bishop of Worcester, be adjourned till this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney-general do prosecute Mr. Lloyd, the Lord Bishop of Worcesters Son, for his said Offences, after his Privilege, as a Member of the Lower House of Convocation, is out.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Vo t. 14.

Jovis, 19 die Novembris;

Juno Primo Annas Regime.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant Blechingly to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Blcchingly,in the County of Surry, in the room of John Evelyn, Esquire, deceased.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the several Parishes Woodford of Epping, Harlow, North Weald, Basset, Latton, and Roads. Saffron-walden, in the County of Essex, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said Town of Epping is a great Market, and the nearest and most convenient Way, without Danger of Floods; but the Road from the North End of Thomwood Common, through Epping, to Woodford, is so very had, that the several Days Works in the Highways, as by Law is provided, are not sufficient to make and keep the same passable, nor are the Inhabitants thereon able to repair the same: And praying, that the Petitioners may have Leave to bring in a Bill, for the better repairing and amending the said Highways.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir Cha. Barrington, Sir Edward Turner, and Mr. Conyers, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Laois, the High-Sheriff of the County of Mon- \ Person in mouth, was (according to Order) brought to the Bar, Custody disand examined, touching his not making a Return of the char8ed-Writ, for electing Members for the said County: And he acquainted the House, that he executed and signed the Return of the said Writ, and soon after delivered it out of his Hands, to be carried to the Clerk of the Crown.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Lewis be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) presented to the Supply Bill; House a Bill, for granting to her Majesty a Land Tax, Land Tax. for prosecuting the War against France and And

the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Earl of Ranelagh have Time, till Earl of this Day Sevennight, to give in his Answer to the Narra- anela6h'f tive or Representation, of the Commissioners for taking ccounts-die publick Accounts, relating to his Lordship.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Travell do attend this a Member House, in his Place, Tomorrow Morning, at Eleven ordered u> a Clock. ttttend-

A Petition of Simon Jackson, Under-sheriff of the Privilege-County of Nottingham (in Custody of the Serjeant at a Person Arms, for not making a Return of the Writ, for the DUcbaree electing Members for the said County) was presented to 8

the House, and read; acknowledging his Offence, and begging Pardon for the same; and praying, that he may be discharged out of Custody.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Jackson be brought to the Bar Tomorrow Morning, in order to his Discharge.

The House proceeded (according to Order) to the hear- Gloucester ing the Merits of the Petition of Sir John Guise, Baronet, County Elec-relating to the Election for the County erf Gloucester.

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in, and heard; and also several Witnesses on both Sides were examined: And being withdrawn;

Ordered, That Candles be brought in.

And they were brought in accordingly.

The Question being proposed, That How, Esquire, is duly elected one of the Knights of the Shire, to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Gloucester;

The prev ious Question was put, That that Question be now put:

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

K Tellers

tion.

19 — 20° Novembris. 1702.'

Tellers for the Yeas, Mr. Bridges, Sir John Thorold: J 221.

Tellers for the Noes, Sir John Holland, Mr. Dowdswell: } 9°

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question bein put;

Resolvgd, That John How, Lsquire, is duly elected

one of the Knights of the Shire, to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Gloucester.

Reason) hope, the said Cathedral may be perfected in Five Years: And praying the Consideration of the House. in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are t6 consider further of the Supply, granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report, from the- Committee of Report fnw Privileges and Elections, upon the Petition of the Earl of Sandwich, be made Tomorrow Morning, with the other 0 nv"e ‘

Reports from the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 20 die Novembris;

Anno prhno Annas Regina.

Prayers.

Chancery A PETITION of several of the Inhabitants, and Lane and Farmers, of the Parishes of Lambeth, St. Mary

Field n lDn Netting ton, St. George the Martyr, within the Borough e ' of Southwark, and St. Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, within the County of Surry, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners are obliged to pay 25. 6d. per Quarter for their Carts, Tumbrels, and Drays, by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the t2th and 13th Years of his late Majesty's Reign, for making good the Deficiencies of the Charges of making a Way out of Chancery Lane into Lincoln's Inn Fields, although the Petitioners have no Use of the said Way, and do amend their own Ways, which are very bad, and chargeable: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises, and Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee; and that they do examine into the Accounts of the Produce of the Acts for the making the said Way, and report to the House, how they find the same.

And it is referred to the Lord Coningsby, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Mr. Onslow, Mr.

Eyre, Lord Powlet, Mr. Fagg, Mr. Jeffries, Mr. Topham, Mr. Clark, Mr. Palmes, Sir John Kay, Mr. Crosse, Mr. St. Loe, Mr. Drake, Mr. Webb, Air.

Mr. Mountague, Mr. Conyers, Mr. How, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Bray, Mr. Musgrave, Mr. Roberts, Sir Walter Yonge, Mr. Clayton, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Irby, Mr. Moncton, Mr. Hayes, Sir Cha. Hot ham. Air. and all that serve for the Cities of London and Westminster, and Counties of Middlesex and Surrey: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers: And have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Person Air.' Simon Jackson, Under-sheriff of the County of reprimanded Nottingham, was (according to Order) brought to the and dis- Bar; where he, upon his Knees, received a Reprimand

charged. frQm Speaker

Ordered, That the said Mr. Jackson be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

St. Paul A Petition of the Commissioners, appointed by Act of Cathedrul. Parliament, for rebuilding and finishing the Cathedral Church of St. Paul's, London, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, though the building of the said Church hath been carried on with the utmost Application, as was possible with such a Revenue, as has been granted for that Purpose, yet at Michaelmas, 1700, one third of the former Income going off to the Orphans, and so considerable Parts of the Remainder ropriated to Westminster Abby, the parochial of London, and St. Thomas Church in Southwark, which, with the Debt for Materials, to Workmen, and at Interest, so greatly sinks the Proportion left for St. Paul's, that very little Progress can be made unless the House will be pleased to grant an additional Supply; but, in case of a Supply, the Petitioners (with good

being app Churches

The right honourable John How, Esquire, being City of chosen a Knight of the Shire for the County of Gloucester, Gloucester, and also a Citizen for the City of Gloucester, and also a " nto Burgess for the Borough of Newton, in the County of Lancaster, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Bodmyn, in the County of Cornwall, made his Election, to serve for the said County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Air. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Citizen, to serve in this present Parliament for the said City of Gloucester; and also a new Writ; for the electing a Burgess, to serve in tins present Parliament for the said Borough of Newton;. and also a new Writ for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Bodmyn; in the room of the said Mr. How.

A Bill, for granting to her Majesty a Land Tax, for Supply BHt; prosecuting the War against France and Spain, was (ac- L»«»d Tax. cording to Order) read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Monday Alorning next.

Sir Thomas Traced attending inTiis Place (according to Privilege f Order) the Petition of Dame Frances his Wife, a Member la

was read; setting forth, that the Petitioner, being seised a 5vat of 8001, per Annum in Possession, and 3001, per Annum in Reversion, was, during her Infancy, intermarried to her said Husband; who, when the Petitioner came of Age (which was about Three Years since) by Threats prevailed upon her to settle her whole Estate upon him, and his Children by a former Wife, and the very next Day after such Conveyance he withdrew himself from the Petitioner, for above Three Months, leaving her without any Afaintenance; but afterwards, by the Alediation of Friends, he was brought to allow the Petitioner \6ol. per Annum separate Maintenance; and, for securing the same, the said Sir Thomas did, by Indenture, dated the 17th of May, 1701, covenant to pay the same quarterly to Trustees, and to appear gratis, and consent to a Decree in Chancery, for the more sure settling thereof, and that he would not insist upon any Privilege whatsoever; that Sir Thomas made Two or Three Payments, and refusing to continue the same, the Petitioner was forced to bring her Bill in Chancery against him, and obtained a Sequestration; but, before she could have any Benefit thereof, Sir Tho. was returned a Member of this House; that the Petitioner is reduced to great Necessity, and must starve, if she cannot proceed to recover her said Allowance: And praying, that she may have Leave to proceed in the said Suit, and that the House will order her said Husband to wave his Privilege.

To which the said Sir Thomas TraveU being heard, he declared, he is willing to wave his Privilege, according to the said Deed.

Resolved, That Sir Thomas Travell, having waved his Privilege, shall not resume the same in any Suit between him and his Wife, and her Trustees.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, that their Answm-1» Resolution, and Address to her Majesty, for the re- Address, moving William Lord Bishop of from being

Lord Almoner to her Majesty, had been presented to her Majesty; and that her Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer:

I am

v

i Ann. 2o° — 2i No39

I am very sorry, that there is Occasion for this Address against the Bishop of I shall order and

direct, that he shall no longer continue to supply the Place of Almoner, but 1 will put another in his room, to perform that Office.

Thanks on Resolved, That the most humble Thanks of this House

Answer. be returned to her Majesty, for her Majesty's most gracious Answer to their Address, relating to William Lord Bishop of Worcester.

Ordered, That Mr. Comptroller of her Majesty's Houshold do return the said most humble Thanks of this House to her Majesty.

The First Order of the Day being read;

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning

next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply, granted to, her Majesty.

Way and The House (according to the other Order of the Day)

Meant. resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means, for raising the Supply, granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also reported from the said Committee,

; that they directed him to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means, for raising the Supply, granted to her Majesty.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till -To-morrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 21° die Novembris;

Anno primo Annie Regina.

Prayers.

Letter's A BILL, for charging the Estate of Eiute. il Esquire, deceased, for making Provision for his Nine younger Children, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. Guy, Sir James Mr. Moor,

Mr. Grahmc, Mr. ChetuynMr. Fagg, Mr. Sharp, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Drake, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Stringer, Mr. Child, Sir Dudly CullMr. Moncton, Mr. Dry den, Mr. Gee, Mr. Chaplin, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Smithson, Mr. Foley; and all that serve for Salop, and North Wales and South Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Abcryitwith Sir Humphry Mackworth (according to Order) pre-Hvbour. sented to the House a Bill, for repairing the Harbour of

Aberystwith, in the County of Cardigan, and erecting a Pier there: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Owen' A Bill, for vesting divers Lands and Tenements of

Estate. Edward Owen, of Eaton-Min the County of Salop, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill lie committed to Mr.

Mr. Mountague, Mr. Irby, Mr. Fagg, Mr. Conyers,

Vo l. 14.

Colonel Granville, Sir Fra.Massam, Mr. Price, Mr.

Foley, Mr. Gee, Mr. Laurne, Mr. Sir John

Thorald, Mr. Masters, Mr. Stanhope, Mr. Grahme, Mr.

Shackerly, Mr. King, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Lloyd, Mr.

Vaughan, Sir Geo. Rook, Mr. Drake, Mr. Mr.

Tuck, Colonel Stringer, Mr. Perry, Sir Tho. Roberts,

Mr Stonehouse; and all that serve for the Counties of

Salop, and Hereford, and for North Wales and South Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill, to enable William Coleman, and others, to make stawell'e a speedy Sale of Lands, for Payment of Debts and Lega- Estate, cies of William Stazve/l Esquire, deceased, according to the Intent of his Will, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Drake, Colonel Rolls, Mr. Hoblyn, Sir John Poole, Sir Cha. Barrington; Mr. Musgrave, Mr. Colonel

Granville, Sir John Molesworlh, Mr. Lee, Sir Matth.

Dudley, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Rowney, Mr.

Blofield, Mr. England, Mr. Pigott, Mr. Sparks, Sir Robert Edon, Mr. Moor, Sir Walter YongMr. Morgan, Mr. Holmes, Mr. Moncton, Mr. Gxvyn, Sir Fra. Massam,

Mr. Perry, Mr. Snell; and all that serve for the Counties of Cornwall and Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir George Rook being come to the House, Mr. Speaker Sir G. Rook acquainted him, That the House had, the tenth Instant, tbanlwd-unanimously resolved, That the Thanks of tins House be given to his Grace the Duke of Ormond, and Him, for the great and signal Services, by them performed for this N ation, both by Sea and Land; and Mr. Speaker gave him the Thanks of the House accordingly, as followeth; viz.

Sir George Rook,

Y O U are now returned to this House, after a most glorious Expedition. Her Majesty began her Reign with a Declaration, that her Heart wasiutirely English, and Heaven hath made her to triumph over the Enemies of England. For this, Thanks hath been returned, in a solemn Manner, to Almighty God: There remains yet a Debt of Gratitude to those, that have been the Instruments of so wonderful a Victory; the Duke of Ormondf and yourself, who have had the Command of the Sea and Land Forces. In former Times, Admirals and Generals have had Success against France, and Spain, alone; but this Action at Vigo hath been a Victory over them confederated together. . You have not only spoiled our Enemies, but you have also enriched your own Country.

Common Victories bring Terror to the conquered; but you have brought Destruction upon them, and additional Strength to England. France had endeavoured to support its Ambition by the Riches of India; your Success,

Sir, hath only left them the Burthen of Spain, and stripped them of the Assistance of it. The Wealth of Spain, and Ships of France, are by this Victory brought over to our juster Cause. This is an Action, so glorious in the Performance, and so extensive in its Consequence, that, as all Times will preserve the Memory of it, so every Day will more and more inform us of the Benefit

No doubt, Sir, in France you are written in remarkable Characters, in the black List of those, who have taken French Gold; and 'tis a Justice due to the Duke of Ormond, and Your Merit, that you should stand re-

corded in the Registers of this House, as the Instruments of this glorious Victory: Therefore the House have come to this unanimous Resolution:

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the Thanks of

this House be given to his Grace the Duke of Ormond, and Sir George Rook, for the great and signal Services, by them performed for the Nation, by Sea and Land.

Which Thanks, Sir, by their Command, I now return you.

And Sir George Rook returned the House his Thanks, His Reply, for the great Honour they had done him, as followeth; viz.

Mr.

Thanks from Convocation for recarding their Privilege in the Case of Mr, Lloyd.

Message

from the Queen — Provision for Prince of Denmark.

Ways and Means.

40 ai° Novembris. A. 1702.

Mr. Speaker,

I am now under a great Difficulty, how to express myself upon this very great Occasion. I think myself very happy, that, in my Zeal and Duty to your Service, it hath been my good Fortune to be the Instrument of that, which may deserve your Notice, and much more the Return of your Thanks. I am extremely sensible of this very great Honour, and shall take all the Care I can, to preserve it to my Grave, and convey it to my Posterity, without Spot or Blemish, by a constant, affectionate, and zealous Perseverance in the Queen's and your Service.

Sir, no man hath the Command of Fortune, but every Man hath Virtue at his Will; and though I may not always be so successful in your Service, as upon this Expedition, yet I will presume to assure you, I shall never be more faulty.

I must repeat my Inability to express myself upon this Occasion; but as I have a due Sense of the great Honour the House hath been pleased to do me, so I shall always retain a due and grateful Memory of it; and though my Duty and Allegiance are strong Obligations upon me, to do my best in the Service of my Country, yet I shall always take this as a particular Tye upon me, to do Right and Justice to your Service upon all Occasions.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, that there had been with him, this Morning, the Prolocutor of the Lower House of Convocation, and also the Dean of Canterbury, Archdeacon Ottley, and Mr. Moor', and brought him the following Order; viz.

By the Lower House of Convocation.

Die Veneris, Novembris 20°, 1702.

ORDERED, That the Prolocutor, the Dean of Canterbury, Archdeacon Ot, and Mr. Moor, do attend Mr. Speaker of the honourable the House of Commons, and return our most humble Thanks to him, and to that honourable House, for the great Favour to the Church, and Convocation, which they have on all Occasions been pleased to express; and particularly, for the late Regard, which they, of themselves, without Suggestion, or Solicitation, were pleased to have to the Privilege of this House, in the Case of one of our Members, who had the Misfortune to fall under their Displeasure.

Resolved, That this House will, upon all Occasions, assert the just Rights and Privileges of the Lower House of Convocation.

Mr. Secretary Hedges acquainted the House, that he had a Message to this House, signed by her Majesty: And he presented it to the House; and the same was read by Air. Speaker, and is, as followeth; viz.

A NNER.

HER Majesty, considering, that there is but a very small Provision made for the Prince her Husband, he shall survive her Majesty, and that her Majesty is restrained from increasing the same, by the late Act of Parliament, for settling her Revenue, thinks it necessary to recommend the making a further Provision for the Prince to your Consideration. St. November

the 20th, 1702.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That this House will,

upon Monday Morning next, take into Consideration her Majesty's said gracious Message.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported fi-om the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred, to consider further of Ways and Means, for raising the Supply, granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are, as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties upon Coals and Culm, granted by an Act of the 9th Year, and the Duty upon Cynders, granted by

an Act in the 10th Year, of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, be further continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duties be continued for Five Years, from the 15th Day of May, 1703.

The first Resolution being read a Second time; and a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Debate be adjourned;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,

Mr. Gery,

80.

130-

Mr. Thompson:

Tellers for the Noes,

Mr. Moncton,

Mr. Masters:

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Duties upon Coals and Culm, granted by an Act of the 9th Year, and the Duty upon Cynders, -granted by an Act in the 10th Year, of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, be further continued.

Hie Second Resolution being read a Second time;

Resobced, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the said Duties be continued for Five Years, from the 15th Day of May 1703.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions; and that Mr. Solicitor-general, Mr. Conyers, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Bromley (according to Order) reported, from the privUej Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it a Mem appeared to the said Committee, upon the Petition of the Suit. Earl of Sandwich, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are, as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of the Earl of Sandwich, praying that he might not be hindered proceeding in Chancery by any Privilege of Parliament of Sidney Wort-ley, Esquire, for the Matters therein set forth:

That the Committee had heard Counsel on both Sides; and that the Counsel for the Earl stated his Case thus:

That the late Earl, his Father, did, by his Will, make several Executors, of whom Mr. Wort ley is the only acting Survivor.

That he devised several Legacies, and, among others,

50/. to Mr. Woi'tley, and made him only an Executor in

Trust for the Residuum; and that the Earl of Sandwich enjoyed some Goods, Part of this personal Estate; but an Action hath been lately brought by Mr. Woi'tley for the same, and a Verdict obtained; upon which the Earl of Sandwich hath been advised to bring his Bill in Chancery, to stop Proceedings at Common Law, and to have this Matter settled there: He has also brought another Bill in Chancery, for Mr. Wortley to account as a Trustee.

That the Counsel for Mr. Wortley acknowledged the late Earl of Sandwich's Will, and the Case, upon that, to be, as stated, only with this Difference; that the Residuum was to be divided betwixt this Earl, and his Brother, Mr. Richard Mountague; to whose Share he is now entitled in his own Right, as his Executor. That, out of Respect to the Earl, Mr. Wortley let him have some of the best Goods, but took Security, from him, of 1,000l. for them. That he brought his Action, and recovered 710/. but the Earl insisting on his Privilege, he has had no Benefit of the Verdict.

To this Mr. Saunderson was called; who said, he spoke to the Earl's Attorney, who would not say, the Earl waved his Privilege; and therefore they deferred going to Trial, till Privilege was out. He did not speak with the Earl, and cannot directly say, that what his Attorney said, was' by his Order. They further alleged, that Mr. Worthy has now a Right of his own, and therefore is not barely a Trustee: That the Earl has given a Release, as to his- Father's

r Ann.

2i° Novembris.

4i

Colchester

Election.

Father's Will; and one of the Bills iri Chancery calls in question the Validity of Mr. Richard s Will;

which is to defeat what Mr. JVortley claims in his own Bight.

That the Counsel for the Earl of Sandwich denied his having insisted on his Privilege, and, in his Name, declared his waving it in all Suits with Mr. Worthy. They said, if there is any Release, it was obtained unduly, and by Surprize, and one of the Bills in Chancery is to be relieved against it; and that, by the other, he only desires a just and fair Account of the Trust Estate.

And that, upon the whole, the Committee came to these Resolutions; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sidney Worthy, Esquire, ought not to have the Privilege of this House, as to the Bill exhibited against him in Chancery by the Earl of Sandwich, to be relieved against the Verdict obtained at Common Law.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sidney Worthy, Esquire,"ought not to have the Privilege of this House, as to the Bill exhibited against him by the Earl of Sandwich, to bring him to an Account for the personal Estate of the said Earl's late Father.

The First Resolution being read a Second time; an Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by adding, " unless the said Earl shall insist upon, or resume, his Privilege."

And the same Was, Upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That Sidney Worthy, Esquire, ought not to have the Privilege of this House, as to the Bill exhibited againsbhim in Chancery by the Earl of Sandwich, to be relieved against the Verdict obtained at Common Law, unless the said Earl shall insist upon, or resume, his Privilege.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time; an Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by adding, w unless the said Earl shall insist upon, or resume, his Privilege."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That Sidney Worthy, Esquire, ought not to have the Privilege of this House, as to the Bill exhibited against him by the Earl of Sandwich, to bring him to an Account for the personal Estate of the said Earl's late Father, unless the said Earl shall insist upon, or resume, his Privilege.

Mr. Bromley also reported, from the said Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of Colchester in the County of Essex, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petitions of John Potter, Esquire, and of several Freemen of the Borough of Colchester, complaining, that Sir Isaac Rebow and his Agents, by treating, and corrupt Practices, did procure several of the Electors to vote for him at the last Election; as also upon the Petition of several other free Burgesses of the said Borough, complaining of the like ill Practices by Sir Thomas Cook, and his Agents:

That the Committee began with the Two first.

And it was admitted, that Sir Isaac had the

Majority, on the Poll, of Mr. Potter; but insisted, that several Voters were procured by Treats, and corrupt Practices: And to prove this, the Petitioners Counsel called several Witnesses:

{Some of which said, that John Weely, Edward Johnson, Joseph Pierce, and Anthony Hill,were busy Men for Sir Isaac Rebow; and that they went from House to House, to ask Votes for him.

That Weely and Hill promised to hel p Cornelius Worren

' Yol. 14.

to a Loom's Work: That Joseph Piei'tc said, he Should carry Sir Isaac Rebow in the Chair; or, that B should have a Crown, if he did not: That, the Day before the Election, he was in Company with Sir Isaac Rehow, and others, and staid an Hour with them, and drank Wine, without paying for it: That, the Day of the Election, he. went to the Red Lion, being invited thither by Joseph Pierce; that he was drinking the re an Hour and Half, but was not then asked for his Vote. It was testified by several Witnesses, produced by the Petitioners (and nqt contradicted by Sir Isaac Rebows Witnesses) that the Red Lion was a Place of general Entertainment On the Day of Election, many going thither, and eating and drinking; only, that it was alleged by the latter, that those, who eat and drank there, paid for what they had, and were not treated by Sir Isaac Rebow, or his Agents: And therefore some were called, to testify, that they were at the Red Lion, and did not pay.

One Witness said, he laid down a d. at his Daniel Browne, first coming the re, though his Share in the Wm. \ Reckoning came to more. It appeared,

John Johnson.I SOme of these voted for Sir Thomas Cook, as

[_well as for Sir Isaac Rebow; and 1 Locegate acknowledged, that, on the Election Day, he was invited by Hill, who appeared for Sir Thomas Cook, to the Queens Head, and did not pay. William Johnson said, that, going out of the Red Lion, Joseph Pierce spoke to him, saying, he hoped, he would give his Vote for Sir Isaac; and then he went in, and drank again. The Two Johnsons received 5 s.a-piece, about Three Weeks before the Election (they think) by Sir Tho. Cook's Order, but said, this was what they looked upon as due to them ever since the preceding Election, they having carried him in the Chair, and received nothing before for it.

James Aldway, another Witness, said, that Joseph Pierce treated him at the Red Lion, and desired his Vote for Sir Isaac Rebow.

Jane Swan, a Maid Servant, that lived at the Red Lion, testified, that John Weely and Edmond Johnson promised to see her Mistress paid the Reckoning.

That the Counsel for Sir Isaac Rebow insisted, that every one paid their Share in the Reckoning at the Red Lion; and called Witnesses, who said,

That the Reckoning was chalked to every particular Company; and that they had only Ale, and Bread and Cheese; and every Man, as far as they observed, paid his own Share; and one of the Witnesses gathered 4 or 51, of the Reckoning.

John Sheldrake said, that he saw John Weely and Joseph Pierce give 205. to Four Men, Two Days before the Election, to vote for Sir Isaac Rebow.

Samuel Deacon said, he lived at Ipsicich; and Mr. ling, of Ipswich, sent for him, and desired him to go to Colchester, and vote for Sir Isaac Rebow, and carry what Friends he could with him, and not let them want Money; Meat, or Drink: And he said, one Samuel Crockett had 35. 6d and another 15. by Sir Isaac Rebozo's Order, being poor, and having nothing to entertain themselves: Which was owned by Crockett.

James Betts, another, said, that the Night Sir Tho. Cook came to Town, several were drinking at the King's Head; and Tho. Thompson offered to give 20 Crowns to 20 Men, that would vote for Sir Isaac Rebow.

Sir Isaac Rebow's Counsel called one Abraham Dutch,

to speak to the Reputation of James Betts; who affirmed, that Betts had said, speaking of his giving Evidence to the Committee, that he would swear right or wrong: But Dutch being asked particularly to this Matter, owned himself to have been present, when Thompson pulled Money out of his Pocket, and said, " Here is 20 Crowns for 20 Men, to vote for Sir Isaac

Abraham Wyat spoke to the Reputation of John Sheldrake. '

And that, upon this Evidence, the Committee came to these Resolutions:

L Resolved

Bevj. Clamprey, Daniel Tabor, Tho. Smith> < Geo. Wood)

Ben. Howell.


Colchester

Election.

42

a i" Novembris. A. 1702.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Agents of Sir Isaac have been guilty of

Treating, and other corrupt Practices, in order to procure the said Sir Isaac Rebow to be elected a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Colchester, in the County of Essex.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir IsaacRibcw is not duly elected a Burgess, to

serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Colchester.

That then the Committee proceeded to hear the Evidence upon the Petition against Sir Tho. Cook.

And first, to prove, who were Agents to Sir Thomas Cook, they called a Witness; who said,

f That Alderman Boyce, Bcrtj. Cock, with m/ «i»Xu jAothers> went out to meet Sir Thomas Cook, {when he came to Colchester:And another

said, that they both desired his Vote for Sir Thomas Cook.

He spoke also to several Sums of Money, due from Sir Thomas Cook, upon Account of the former Election;

which were promised a little before, though not paid till some Days alter, this Election.

That the Counsel insisted, that there had been Treating on Sir Thomas Cook's behalf; and called several Witnesses, to prove it.

WMlctm llau kins, one of them, said, Mr. Potter gave him a Shilling, to drink his Health; and put him in mind, to keep close to Sir Thomas Cook. That, the N ight before the Election, he gave Notice to several, to meet at Alderman Cox's, and other Houses; w here a great many, that

voted for Sir Thomas Cook and Mr. Potter, were entertained, and some, that voted for Sir Isaac. Rebow.

Thomas Smith, another, said, that Sir Tho. Cook's Friends were also entertained at Alderman and Widow

Cars, on the Election Day: And Samuel Woodall said; further, that those, who drank there, did not pay; and that Broun declared, he had Order to give every one of Sir Thomas Cook's Friends a Flagon of Drink.

Abraham Byer, another, said, he was at the White Hart, and the Queen's Head, on the Election Day; and that several of Sir Tho. Cook's Voters were entertained in both Places.

George Wood, another Witness, said, profered

him a Loom's Work, to poll for Sir Tho. Cook; and Mr. Potter gave him 1 s. to poll for Sir Tho. Cook, and himself; which i«. was stopped afterwards out of his Wages, because he voted for Sir Tho. Cook and Sir Rebow.

Richard Howell,another, said, that, the Morning of the

Election, he believed, there were about 16 of Sir Thomas Cook's Friends at the Shoulder of Mutton; and one IT all advised him to give a single Vote for Sir Thomas Cook, and gave him a by Chain, and said, he would pay the Beckoning: Himself voted for Sir Isaac; but, he said, the rest voted, or promised to vote, for Sir Tho. Cook.

Ja. Morris, another, said, he came from Chelmsford to Colchester, to vote for Sir Thomas Cook and Mr. Potter, and had Half a Crown given him by Mr. Potter, for the Charges of his Journey.

Others, viz.John Hedgethorne, Andrew Musson, spoke

again to their receiving 5 s. a-piece, not long before this Election, for having carried Sir Tho. Cook in the Chair at the former Election.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir Thomas Cook is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Colchester, in the County of Essex.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That John Potter, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Colchester.

The said several Resolutions being severally read a Second t:m?, the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the Charge of Sir Isaac Rebow against Sir Thomas Cook, a Member of this House, for Bribery, is false, and groundless.

Ordered, That John Weely, Agent for Sir Isaac Rebow,

for his corrupt Practices, in endeavouring to procure the said Sir Isaac Rebow to be elected a Burgesj|.for the said Borough of Colchester, be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Mr. Bromley also reported, from the said Committee of Privileges and Election-, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of in the County of Bucks, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are as follow;

Upon the Petition of Richard Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Sir Roger Hill, to serve for the Borough of

That the Poll was agreed to stand thus:

For Sir Roger Hill, 89.

For Mr. Crawley, 76.

That the Right of Election was agreed to be in the Inhabitants, being Housekeepers, and not receiving Alins within a Year.

That the Petitioner's Counsel insisted, there was great Partiality in the Constable, Mr. Ginger; and that they should object to several, that voted lor Sir Roger Hill, either, because they were not Inhabitants and Housekeepers, or because their Votes were obtained by Corruption and indirect Practices.

That, in the first Place, they offered Evidence, to prove the Constable an Agent to Sir Roger Hilt, and partial; and to that they called several Witnesses;

George Ilumphryes, Phil. Hughes, James IJaijward, John Sly, Thomas Davy, Mr. Sheldon, Mr. Boheme, u no spoke to his ordering Drink to be drawn, to entertain Sir Roger Hill's Friends; to his taking an Account of what Drink was drawn on Sir Roger Hill's Account; to Ins putting a Man into a House, that promised to vote for Sir Roger Hill, and telling him, he should pay no Rent; to the appointing the Friends only of the Sitting Members to attend the Court; to his refusing any Scrutiny 01 Examination of the Poll; and to his declaring, he w ould return right or wrong.

That then the Petitioner's Counsel proceeded to their Exceptions to several, who voted for Sir Roger Hill.

And, as to Six of them, it appeared, they only came to Wendover, by Certificates from other Parislies.

And a Question arising betwixt the Counsel, whether they were such Inhabitants, as were entitled to vote; the Committee came to this Resolution:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Persons, coming by Certificate to live in the Borough of Wendover, have not thereby a Right to vote for the Election of Members, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough.

That the Persons, coming to Wendover, by Certificate, were John Stevens, John Crojts, Rich. Chandle, John Fountaine, II. Holmes, Joseph Hughes.

Thomas Duffle said, that, as to Joseph Hughes, one of them, he was, about a Fortnight after Michaelmas was 13 Months, made an Headborough, and had now served a Year in that Office.

A Witness was called, who said, that lie did not believe James Dancer was an Housekeeper; but that he lived with his Sister. It was proved, he had voted at several Elections, though with a Qaccre.

Then another was objected to, as being an excommunicated Person.

Mr. Sheldon, another, said, That s Mother has

told him. She was the Housekeeper, and not her Son.

Mr. Boheme, John Aldridge, spoke to Henry Baling: That he was a melancholy Man, and scarce compos mentis; that his Vote was carried by others to the Place of Polling, he being at some Distance from it; and that he only named Mr. Hampden: Though a Witness for the Sitting Member said, he named Hill, short.

James Hayward, the Exciseman, said, that John Nash, and others, to the Number of 18, who had not used to draw Drink (unless some of them at Fairs) and were unlicensed.

A TVrson

comntited lor Bribery.

Wendover

Election.

Occasional

Conformity.

Privilege-Persons eom-vnitted for libellous Petition.

i Ann. 21° — 2 30 Novembris. 43

licensed, had drawn Drink for Sir Roger; but could not say, it was after the Writs came out.

Thomas. Harding said, he was 40/. the worse, for being for Mr. Crawley the last Time, but should be now the

better for his Vote.

Thomas Duffle, — That John Sly came Three Weeks or a Month before the Election, and went away before the Election.

That Robert Cawdry came a little before the Election, and w-ent away soon after.

That Robert Beeson came to the Town about a Fortnight or Three Weeks before the Election.

That, as to Charles Wootton, it is generally thought, the greatest Part of the House, where he lives, is his Sisters.

Thomas Stevens, — That Matthew Stevens was no Housekeeper, but lives with his Mother.

Another said, that William Smith's Wife htid received i8</. from the Overseers of the Poor, in the Month of April, 1702; but it was said, she lived from her Husband, and that her Husband was not in the Poor's Book.

The Nonage of Thomas Davall was objected to; and a Certificate produced, that he was baptized the 27th July, 1681.

That Sir Roget Hill's Counsel insisted, that Edward Neighbour, and Machell,had polled for the same House. Upon the Examination of Neighbour, it appeared, the House was divided into Twro distinct Habitations, and they had several Doors, but they went to them through one common Gatehouse.

That one of the Counsel for Sir Roger Hill offered to recriminate upon Mr. Crawley, as to corrupt and indirect Practices, but the other waved it, and no Evidence was given of that Matter;

And that, upon the whole, the Committee came to these Resolutions;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir Roger Hill, Knight, is not duly elected a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Wendover, in the County of Bucks.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Richard Crawley, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the Mouse.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House upon Monday Morning next, to amend the Return for the Borough of Wendover, in the County of Bucks, by erasing out the Name of Sir Roger Hill, Knight, and inserting instead thereof Richard Crawley, Esquire.

Resolved, That this House w ill, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for preventing occasional Conformity.

Resolved, That the Petition of several of the free Burgesses of the Corporation of Colchester, against Sir Thomas Cook, a Member of this House, is false and scandalous.

Ordered, That William Mott, junior (one of the Petitioners) be, for his said Offence, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That Arthur Winslcy, junior (another of the Petitioners) be, for his said Offence, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That Peter Brasier (another of the Petitioners) be, for his said Otfence, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That Edmund Johnson (another of the Petitioners) be, for his said Offence, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That Thomas Gregson (another of the Petitioners) be, for his said Offence, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That William Freeman (another of the Petitioners) be, for his said Offence, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Vol. 14.

Ordered, That William Leech (another of the Peti-tio nes) be, for his said Offence, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna, 2S° die Novembris;

Anno primo Annae Regina.

P R A Y E ItS.

MR. Crosse (according to Order) presented to the Queen's House a Bill, for Prevention of Escapes out of the Queen's Bench and Fleet Prisons: And the same was ns received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Wednesday Morning next.

The Clerk of the Crown attended, and (according to Wendover Order) amended the Return for the Borough of Wendover Retur" in the County of Bucks. 4men eJ‘

Sir John Thorold (according to Order) presented to the Hacket's House a Bill, for enabling Andrew Esquire, to Estate,

dispose of several Messuages, and Lands, in the Counties of Stafford and Warwick, and City of for

making Provision for his younger Children, upon settling another Estate in Stroxton, in Lincolnshire, of better Value, to the same Uses as the said Estate in the Counties of Stafford and Warwick, and City of Litchfeild, is now settled: And the same was received.

A Bill, for granting to her Majesty a Land Tax, for Supply Bill; prosecuting the War against France and was (ac- Land Tax.

cording to Order) read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill, after the Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means, for raising the Supply, granted to her Majesty.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to impower the Commissioners, who are to execute the said Act, to deduct, out of the Assessments, such Sums, as have been assessed double, and the same Estates are since come into the Possession of those, who quality themselves;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of relieving such Places, where any Lands are doubly charged in the Year 1693, and are nowr only chargeable with a single Assessment;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Knights of the Shires, and the Members for such respective Places, as used to have separate Commissioners, do bring in, to the said Committee, Lists-of Commissioners for the Execution of the said Act.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, that the Hundred of Oxenheath, in the County of Kent, be assesed in the same Division, the same was in the Year 1693.

The House (according to Order) took into Considera Provision for tion her Majesty's gracious Message on Saturday last. Prince of And the said Message being again read; Denmaik.

And a Motion being made, for a further Provision for his Royal Highness Prince George of Denmark, in case he shall survive her Majesty:

Resolved, That this House will, To-morrow- Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

Ordered, That the Consideration of her Majesty's said gracious Message be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered,

9

Priacfc of

Denmark's Set dement.

Supply.

Committees.

Da/went

Navigation.

Gascoigne's

Estate.

Hacket's

Estate.

Prince of

Denmark's

Settlement.

a,30 — 2-4° Novembris. A. 1702.

Ordered, That the Letters Patents, for the Settlement upon his Royal Highness Prince George of Denmark, hk laid before tins House.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply, granted to Iter Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mn Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had tome to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That all Committees be adjourned;

It passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis,24 die;

Anno primo Annae Regime.

Praters.

MR. Harpur (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, for the making the River Darwent, in the County of Derby, navigable: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Joseph Gascoigne, Doctor of Divinity, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that Sir Robert Kemp, late of Spains hall, in Essex, in case of Failure of his own Issue, devised Part of his Estate to his Four Sisters; that the Petitioner is entitled to the said Estate; and Suits arising, on the Will of the said Sir Robert Kemp, between the Petitioner, and the Descendants of the Four Sisters, to end all Differences, the Petitioner did contract for the absolute Purchase of their Shares, and the Descendants of Three of the Sisters have accordingly conveyed; but, by reason of some Disability in some of the Representatives of the other 4th Part, it cannot be conveyed to the Petitioner, although it would be for the Benefit, and is by the Consent, of all Parties: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for vesting the said 4th Part in Trustees, to be sold and conveyed to the Petitioner, pursuant to the said Agreement.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Conyers do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Bill, for enabling Andrew Hacket, Esquire, to dispose of several Messuages, and Lands, in the Counties of Stafford and JVarwick, and City of Litchfield, for making

Provision for his younger Children, upon settling another Estate, in Stroxton in Lincolnshof better Value, to the same Uses as the said Estate in the Counties of Stafford and JVarwick, and City of Litchfield, is now settled, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second time.

Mr. Nicholas (according to Order) presented to the House the several Letters Patents, by which a Settlement was made upon his Royal Highness Prince George of Denmark.

And the Dates thereof were read.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said several Letters Patents be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Motion, Yesterday, for

a Provision for his Royal Highries&t in case he shall survive her Majesty.

Ordered, That the Reports, from the Committee of Wilton, Ac. Privileges and Elections, relating to the Elections for the Election . Borough of Wilton and the Borough of East Retford, be made upon Saturday Morning next.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) presented to the Supply Bill; House a Bill, for granting divers Subsidies to her Majesty, Sub6ld e«. for carrying on the present War.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Thursday Morning next

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Supply Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred, to consider further of the Supply, granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are, as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Seventeen thousand Five hundred Pounds, be granted to her Majesty, for the Charge of circulating Exchequer Bills, for one Year, from die 27th Day of April, 1702.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Supply be granted to Iter Majesty, for the finishing the Cathedral Church of St.Paul's.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Petition of Sir Robert Burdet, in the Name, and at Hemlingford the Request, of a great Number of the Freeholders and L 111 1 Tax-Inhabitants of the Division within the Hundred of Hcm-lingford, in the County of JVarwick, for which Mr. Kendall is High-constable, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that they were assessed their full Proportion of 3.V. in the Pound, according to the Land Tax Act for the Year 1698, and they paid the First Payment; but, soon after, a Warrant was sent by other Commissioners, to raise above 4 s.in the Pound upon the said Persons; who were distrained for it, though some of them had been relieved by Appeal, under the Hands and Seals of Eight Commissioners; after which another Warrant was sent by the Under-sheriff, to raise Money upon the aforesaid Persons, and divers other Warrants, and Distresses, have been since made, which are very grievous to the Petitioners: And praying, that the Proportions, and Payments, within Hemlitigford Hundred, may be so regulated, that Satisfaction may be made for those Goods, and Sums of Money, which have been wrongfully taken from them, and that the like Irregularities may be prevented for the future.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for granting her Majesty a Land Tax, for prosecuting the War against France and Spain, is committed;

It passed in the Negative.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a ProvUion for Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion, Prince of Yesterday, for a Provision for his Royal Highness Prince Denmark-George of Denmark, in case he shall survive her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Oi'dered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- poor> night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

12 upon

L

I Ann. 240 — 2$° NoVemhriSi 43

upon the Bill, for the better Provision for, and settling, the Poor, in Places extra-parochial.

Occasional The House (according to Order) resolved itself into Conformity. a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for preventing of occasional Conformity.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bromley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bromley reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mereurii, 25° die Novembris;

Anno primo Ann® Regime.

Prayers.

Aldwerth's A PETITION of Charles A/dworth, Esquire, was £itate. jt\. presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that William Aldzcorth, the Petitioner's Father, deceased, in 1699, being seised of divers Lands and Premises in the Counties of York, Lincoln, Kent, and Berks, made a Settlement of Part thereof, for raising his Daughters Portions, and Payment of Debts and Legacies; which Lands are insufficient to answer those Purposes: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill, to enable the Petitioner to sell some other Lands and Tenements, that he may perform the Intents of the said Settlement

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Topham and Mr. Harvey do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Peachy' Mr. Harvey reported from the Committee, to whom

Estate. the Bill, for Sale of Part of the Estate, late of William Peachy, Esquire, deceased, for the Payment of Legacies charged thereon, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned have given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with die Amendments, be ingrossed.

Cham Navi- A Petition of S\r John Willis, and Sir Paul gation. Baronets, Gilbert Wigmo John Rant, Peter Sadler, John Clinch, and Tho. Archer the younger, Esquires, John Butler, Doctor of Laws, and others, in behalf of themselves, and others, the Inhabitants, and Owners, of Lands within the County of Cambridge, as well within the Precincts and Liberties of die University and Town of Cambridge, as without, in the Body of the said County, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, upon the Petition of the Vice-chancellor, Masters, Fellows, and Scholars, of the said University, and of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the said Town of a

Bill is brought into the House, for clearing, and iptddng more navigable, the River Cham, alias Grant, for Barges, Boats, Lighters, and other Vessels, from Clayhithe, Clayhive, Ferry, in the County of Cambridge, unto the Queen's Mills in the University and Town of Cambridge; upon which Bill the Petitioners, and other Inhabitants, and Owners, of the Lands near die said River, were not con-V UL, 14.

suited or advised with, though their larids tire greatly it!

Danger of receiving Damage by the intended Navigation: And praying, that they may be heard, what they have to offer against the passing of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed} and that die Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, before the said Committee, thereupon;

A Bill, for Prevention of Escapes out of the Queens Queen's Bench and Fleet Prisons, was (according to Order) read Bench and a Second time. Fleet prison *

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Francis Massam, Mr. Crosse, Sir Robert Edon, Sir Wm. Hustler,

Mr. Heivey, Mr. Colchester, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Masters, Mr.

Musgrave, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Pigott, Mr;

Mr. Gregory, Mr. Mountague, Sir Edw- Hussey, Mr.

Hysham, Mr. Eyres, Mr. Fagg, Sir Wm. Phippard,

Mr. Moncton, Mr. Thyn, Mr. Stevens, Mr. Dolben, Mr,

Webb, Sir Wm. Drake, Mr. Manafon, Mr. Lee, Sir Fra. Blake, Mr. Clayton, Sir Walter Clarges, Sir Hen,

Lyddal, Mr. Smithson, Mr. Shackand all the Gentlemen of the long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do make Provision, in the Bill, against Escapes of such Persons, as are committed by Courts of Equity.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction also to the said Committee, that they do provide, that all Securities, given by Prisoners for their true Imprisonment, may be made void

A Petition of the Commissioners, for putting in Eke Tower cution, within the Tower Division, in the County of Hamlet Middlesex, the Act of Parliament, for granting an Aid to Land her Majesty, by divers Subsidies, and a Land Tax, in behalf of themselves, and other Land-owners, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, according to the Directions of the said Act, the Petitioners did settle the Quotas upon the several Places, within the said Division, according to the Proportions, which were raised on Land, Tenements, and Offices, in 1692, toward? raising the Sum of 34,057 /. 5 s.5 d. now charged on the said Division; that, in 1692, the Office of Ordnance(Par-cel of this Division) did pay 1,983 /. 6 8 d. but seems,

by an Exception in the present Act, exempted: And praying the Consideration of the House, so as the other Parts of the said Division may not be charged more than they paid in 1692, it being then raised with great Difficulty.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition he referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for granting her Majesty a Land Tax, for prosecuting the War against France and Spain, is committed.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, that the Commis- Army Ikbtti sbners, for taking the Accounts of the Debt, due to the Army, Navy, and for Transport Service, aDd also an Account of the Prizes, taken during the late War, had beet! with him, and informed him, that they are ready to lay before the House an Account of their Proceedings, when the House will please to appoint them so to do.

Ordered, That the said Commissioners do lay the Account of their Proceedings before this House upon -day Morning next.

Denmark.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Provision for Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred, Prince of to consider of a Provision for his Royal Highness Prince George of Denmark, in case be shall survive her Majesty, the Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Places, and afterward? delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is, as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a further Provision be made for his Royal Highness Prince George of Denmark, ip case he shall survive her Majesty.

M The

25° — 26° Novembris. . 1702.

The said Resolution being read a Second time.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a further Provision be made for his Royal Highness Prince George of,

in case he shall survive her Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Provision to be made for his Royal Highness Prince George of Denmark, in case he shall survive her Majesty.

Occasional Mr. Bromley (according to Order) reported from the Conformity. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for preventing occasional Conformity, was committed, the Amendments, mnde by the Committee to the said Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and alterw ards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to oblige all Persons in Office to come to Church.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up to the Table;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ways and The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Means. Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means, for raising the Supply, granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they bad directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

St Paul's Ordered, That an Estimate be laid before this House, Cathedral, of what will be the Charge of finishing the Fabrick of St. Paul's Church, and of purchasing the Houses, proposed to be bought near it, and in whom the Interest of those Houses are.

Ordered, That the said Estimate be laid before this House by the Commissioners for building St. Paul's Church.

Privilege — The Order of the Day, for taking into further Cou-Jhfluejicing sideration the Matter, relating to the Lord Bishop of Bisho°nofhy Worcester, being read;

Worcester. Ordered, That the Evidence, given at the Bar of this House, upon the Charge of Sir John against

William Lord Bishop of Worcester, and Mr. Lloyd, his Son, be printed, together with the Proceedings of this. House thereupon.

Ordered, That the Clerk's Books, in relation to the said Evidence, be examined; and that Mr. Speaker do take care of the printing the said Evidence, and Proceedings.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Matter, relating to the Lord Bishop of Worcester, be adjourned till this Day Seveunight

Supply Bill; Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Laud Tax. next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for granting her Majesty a Land Tax, for prosecuting the War against France and Spain.

Committee . Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 26 die Koveihbris;

Anno primo Annte Regina.

Prayers.

MR. Gregory acquainted the House, that the Persons, Privilege, against whom there was a Complaint of a Breach

of Privilege, on his behalf, had been with him, and acknowledged their Fault; and therefore he desired, the Matter might proceed no further.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the said Complaint.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for the- Punishing punishing Officers and Soldiers, that shall mutiny, or Mutiny and desert; andthattheLordConingsby, Mr. Solicitor-general, 1Jt5fcrtion-and Mr. Conyers, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to them, that they do bring into the said Bill the Articles of War.

A Bill, for repairing the Harbour of in Abery twith

the County of Cardigan, and erecting a Pier there, w as harbour read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Humphry Mackworth, Mr. Comyns, Mr. Lloyd, Mr Mr.

Topham, Sir Wm. Danes, Mr. Johnson, Sir Cha.

Mr. Mitton, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Pit field, Mr. Jervoi.se,

Mr. St. Loe, Mr. Dolben, Sir God}'. Copley, Mr. Sco-bell, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Cor, Mr. Vaughan, Lord Dysert,

Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Rowcher, Lord Povict, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Verncy, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Holmes', and all that serve for the County of Salop, and for North and South Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do apply Part of the Money, to be raised by the said Bill, for the repairing the Harbour of Cardigan.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for Naval continuing the Act, made in the 5th and tith Year oft his Ducipliu . late Majesty's Reign, for the better Discipline of the royal Navy; and that Mr. Solicitor-general and Mr. Conyers do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Bill, for granting divers Subsidies to her Majesty, Supply Bill; for carrying on the present War, was read a Second time. Subsidies.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,: upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for Sail-cloth the Encouragement and Improvement of the making of Manufacture. Sail-cloth in England', and that the Lord Marquis of Hartington and Mr. Topham do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition o(Thomas Colepeper, Esquire, was presented. Petition for to the House, and read; acknowledging, that he having, desisting in the Reign of his late Majesty, given just offence to the [ r08e House of Commons, and thereby justly draw n on himself, not only their Displeasure, but also their Vote for his Prosecution by the Attorney-general; and that he is truly sorry for all those Causes, by which he ever offended the said House of Commons, or might incur their Displeasure; and humbly praying, that the House will be pleased to interpose with her Majesty in his behalf, to give Order to her Attorney-general, to surcease further Proceedings in the Prosecution against him.

And the said Mr. Colepeper was called in to the Bar, and owned the said Petition; and then withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Colepeper be called in again.

Ordered, That Mr. Colepeper be asked, whether he is sorry for his several scandalous and seditious Practice by him acted, against the Honour and Privileges of this

House,

v

Address for that Purpose.

Ways and Means.

Hindon Election — -Bribery by s Member.

Earl of Ra-nelagh's Accounts.

Public Accounts.

i Ann.

i6° — 27° Novembris.

House, against the Peace of the Kingdom in general, and the Quiet of his own Country in particular.

And Mr. Colepeper was called in to the Bar, and Mr. Speaker asked him that Question accordingly.

And he answered, that he was very sorry: And then he withdrew.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that she will be graciously pleased to give Order to her Attorney-general, to stop the Prosecution against The. Colepeper Esquire, which hath been made at the Desire of the House of Commons.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House, as are of heir Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred, to consider further of Ways and Means, for raising the Supply, granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are, as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a further Time be' allowed for the purchasing of Annuities at the Exchequer, where the Nominees are deceased, and the Reversions have not been sold upon any former Act of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of 2 s.per Chaldron, be laid upon all Coals, which shall be imported into the Port of London, or the River of Thames, within the Liberties of the City, upon the same River, after the 15th Day of , 1708.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duties upon Coals be granted for a Term, not exceeding Eight Years, and applied to the finishing of the Cathedral Church of S Paul's.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, , upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That several Bills be brought in, upon the said Resolutions; and that Sir Thomas Mr.

Solicitor-general, Mr. Conyers, and Mr. do

prepare, and bring in, the same.

The Order of the Day being read, for hearing the Matter of the Charge of Mr. Jervoise against Mr. ley, and the Petition, touching the Election for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts;

Ordered, That the hearing the Matter of the said Charge, and Petition, be adjourned.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Charge, and of the said Petition, be beard Tomorrow Morning, and to be proceeded upon at Eleven a Clock.

The Order of the Day for the Earl of Ranelagh to give in his Answer to the Narrative, or Representation; of the Commissioners of Accounts, being read;

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, that he had received a Letter, this Morning, from the Earl of Ranelagh; that he could not bring in his Answer to the said Narrative, or Representation, until Monday next; and desired, that lie might have time till then to do it

Ordered, That the Earl of Ranelagh do, upon Monday Morning next, bring in his Answer to the said Narrative, or Representation.

Ordered, That Mr. Lonmdes have Leave to make a Motion (it being after Two a Clock) for Leave to bring in a Bill, to appoint Commissioners, to examine and state the publick Accounts of the Kingdom.

And he. moved the same accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for the appointing Commissioners, to examine and state the publick Accounts of the Kingdom; and that Mr. Lowndes, Vo l. 14.

Mr. Hammond, and Sir Richard Onslow, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 27° die Novembris;

Anno pritno Ann® Regina.

Praters.

MR. Harley (according to Order) presented to the williams' House a Bill to enable Sir Edward Williams to Estate, sell certain Manors and Lands, in the Counties of Brecon and Radnor, for Payment of Debts: And the same was

received.

The Bill was redd the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Richard Lord Bulkley Viscount Cashells, Lord

in the Kingdom of Ireland, and of Richard Bulkley, i

Esquire; his Son, was presented to the House, and read; 4le -

setting forth, that the Petitioners have agreed upon a.

Marriage, to be had between Mr. Bulkley and a Lady of good Fortune, but the Lord Bulkley, being Tenant for Life, and, Mr . Bulkley Tenant in Tail, and under Age, they cannot make a legal Settlement upon the Issue of the said intended Marriage, as agreed upon, without the Aid of an Act of Parliament: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, to enable the Petitioners to make a Settlement of their Estate, in Consideration of the said intended Marriage.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Conyers and Mr. Cocks do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Vicar, and Churchwardens, of the St. Martifc Parish of St. Martin in the Fields, in the County of J?the Middlesex, and other Inhabitants of the said Parish, was Estat ‘ presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, by the rebuilding certain decayed Houses in St. Martin's Lane, belonging to the Poor of the said Parish, the Rents thereof may be preserved and improved, the Churchyard enlarged, and the Passage, called Heming Row, widened, for the Conveniency of Coaches passing by each other; but the same cannot be safely undertaken, without an Act of Parliament, for settling the Property of the said Premisses in the said Vicar and Churchwardens, for the Purposes aforesaid: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, to enable the Vicar and Church- . wardens to improve the said decayed Houses, for the Benefit of the Poor of the said Parish.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr.

Crosse and Sir Walter Clarges do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) presented to the Supply Bill House a Bill, for granting a Supply to her Majesty, by Malt several Duties imposed upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next

Ordered, That Sir William Bowes, Sir John - Queen's worth. Sir Fra. Blake, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Bench and Dormer, Mr. St. Johns, be added to the Committee, to Prisons, whom the Bill, for Prevention of Escapes out of the Queen's Bench and Fleet Prisons, is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Cha. Bertie, Colonel Palmer', Mr. Cham Navi Palmes, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Portman, Mr. Clarke, be gation. added to the Committee, to whom the Bill, for clearing And making the River Cham, alias Grant, more navigable,

from

HimJon Election — Bribery by a Member.

Candles.

Disfrau-chining Hindoo Borough.

Committees.

Provision for Prince of Denmark.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Committees.

Strand Land Tax.

48 . 270 — -28° N. A. 170a.

from Clayhithe ferry, unto the Qticen's Mill in the University and Town of Cambridge,is committed.

The House proceeded to the hearing of die Matter of the Charge of Thomas Jervoise, Esquire, against George

Morley, Esquire, and of the Petition, touching the Election for the Borough of Hindon,in the County of Wilts.

And the Counsel of both Sides were called in, and heard; and divers Witnesses, on both Sides, were severally called in, and examined.

And then the Counsel, and Witnesses, withdrew.

OrderedThat Candles be brought in.

And they were brought in accordingly.

And the Counsel were again called in, and heard; and some more Witnesses were called in, and examined.

And then they withdrew.

And the Question being put, That George Morley, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the County of Wilts;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Leave bg given to bring in a Bill for the disfranchising the Borough of in the County of

Wills, from electing Members to serve in Parliament; and that Mr. Harley, the Lord Mordaunt, and Mr. bell, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 28° di Novembris;

Amo primo Annie Regina.

Prate us.

D ESO LVED, That this House will, upon Monday

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Provision to be made for his Royal Highness Prince George of,

in case he shall survive her Majesty.

Resolved, That tins House will, open Monday Morning next (after the said Committee of the whole House) resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for granting her Majesty a Land Tax, for prosecuting the War against France and Spain.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for granting her Majesty a Land Tax, for prosecuting the War against Franee and Spain, is committed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for Gloucett«i the incorporating certain Persons, for the better providing Poor-for, and setting at work, the Poor in the City of Gloucester: and that Mr. How and Mr. Cocks do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of George Doddmgton, Esquire, was pre- Burton-sented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the dasaet In-Petitioner, with others, being seised of undivided Shares clo8Uie-of the Manor of Burton-dasset, in the county of,

they have agreed upon a Partition thereof, for ascertaining each Party's Share: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for confirming the said Division.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that

Major Morgan and Mr. Harvey do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Mountague reported from the Committee, to M.ruham't whom the Bill for rectifying a Mistake in a late Act of EstoU‘ Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable Sir Robert Marsham, Knight and Baronet, to dispose of Lands in Hertfordshire, and to settle other Lands, of better Value, in Kent, to the 6ame Uses, as the Lands in Hertfordshire are settled, was committed, that they had examined the Allegations in the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the said Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill, for Sale of Part of the Estate, late Peachy' of William Peachy, Esquire, deceased, for the Payment Estate of Legacies charged thereon, was read die Third time.

Resolved, that the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate, late of Wm. Peachy,

Esquire, deceased, for the Payment of Legacies charged thereon.

Ordered, That Mr. Harvey do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered\That all Committees be revived.

A Petition of several of the Freeholders, Landlords of Houses, and Inhabitants, within the Dirtchy Liberty in the Strand, in the County of Middlesex, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Freeholders, Landlords, and Inhabitants, of the same Liberty, was presented to the Housd, and read; Betting forth, that, in Four Years last, the Petitioners have paid to the 3 and 2 Aids, for their Quotas, 17,818/. its. 6d. but there was a Deficiency, according to the Quotas, of 2,400l. which the Petitionm were forced to make good; the said Deficiency arising by the Determination of the Office for the Duties on Glass Wares, which was kept within the stud Liberty, and paid there 369/. 10 s. per Annum; and also by reason of the Salaries of the Offices for Wlne-Hcences, and Hackney Coaches, which pay at Westminster, though executed within the said Liberty; and also, for that Somerset-house was, in 1701, taken out of the said Liberty, and assessed with St. James's, and Whitehall; by reason whereof, and the Fall of'Rents, and Removal of Persons, who paid for very considerable personal Estates, the Petitioners are greatly grieved in raising the Taxes imposed on them, and are informed, Endeavours are used, for taking away the Wine-licence Office, and Office for licensing Hackney Coaches, and also the Palace of Somerset-house, out of the said Liberty, for the Land Tax for 1703: And praying the House to take their Grievances into Consideration, and to relieve them therein.

11

The House being informed, that the Commissioners, Army D«bts. for takkig, examining, and determining, the Debts, due to the Army, 8$c. attended, according to Order, they were called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House an Account of their Proceedings, and several other Papers relating the reunto.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts werlT read, and are, as follow; viz.

An Account of the Proceedings of the Commissioners, appointed, by Act of Parliament, to take, examine, and determine, the Debts, due to the Army, 8$c.

A Report of Mr. Whitaker's Accounts.

A List of the Regiments, Garisons, 8$c. which hare been certified for before the First of September:

Not certified for, but under Examination:

Not yet brought in.

An Abstract of Certificates, and Debentures, made forth to the Paymaster of her Majesty's Forces by the Commissioners of Accounts for the Army, fyc.

An Account of the Sums of Money, arising from Respites taken off, and other Allowances made in the Regiments, certified for since the last Account thereof laid before the House.

Her late Majesty's Warrant, relating to the Pay of several Regiments in Ireland.

The 9aid Account, Report, and other Papers, are with the Papers of this Session.

Ordered,

Westbory

Election.

Clandestine

exporting

WooL

Raising the Militia.

Wilton

Election.

I Ann. 28® Novembris. 49

Ordered, That the said Account, Report, and other

Papers, relating the reunto, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of Westbury,in the County of Wilts, be made upon

Tuesday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next (after the Account, and Report, from the Commissioners of Accounts, relating to the Army, are considered,) resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Laws against exporting of Wool, and of the most effectual Ways to prevent the Exportation of Wool.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for raising the Militia of this Kingdom, for the Year 1703, although the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid; and that Mr. Puget and Sir Charles Barrington do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Bromley (according to Order) reported, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Elections for the Borough of Wilton, in the County of Wilts, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are, as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition o iJohnGauntk Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Sir John Hawks, Knight, and George Esquire, to

serve in Parliament for the Borough of Wilton, in the County of Wilts:

That the Right of Election was agreed to be in the Mayor and Burgesses.

That, upon the Poll, there were,

For Sir John Hawks, 37

For Mr. Bodington, 37

For Mr. Gauntkt, 24

That the Petitioner's Counsel argued, that the Mayor and Burgesses constituted the Corporation, and did all corporate Acts; and therefore, according4 to the Act of 130 Car. II. for the well governing and regulating of Corporations, they ought to have received the Sacrament, according to the Rites of the Church of England, within One Year before they are elected Burgesses. The Counsel said, they should, on this Head, object to several; viz. to 20, that had voted for Sir Hawks, and to 21, that had voted for Mr. Bodington; and that they had long since delivered a List of their Names to the Sitting Members. That, of these, 19 had been made Burgesses between the 1st of September 1701, and the 25th of June 1702; that John Lee and Joseph Ckevs were made Burgesses, in 1697, and John Carpenter before that Time. Some Witnesses were called to the Manner of making these Burgesses; viz.

Thomas Danet said, he was at the former Election of Parliament men, and that, as soon as it was over, the Mayor and Burgesses returned to the Council-house, where the Mayor spoke to this Effect: That Sir Henry Ashurst, and Mr Gauntlet, had then carried the Election; but, before another Election, he would make so many new Burgesses, there should be no Occasion for the old to attend.

William More, another, testified, he had heard the Mayor say, that he would make none Burgesses, that were not Dissenters from the Dam's Teat; for if they chose Churchmen, they would be always against them.

That it also appeared, by the Testimony of the Witnesses, that, according to this Constitution of the Corporation, the Mayor summoned the Burgesses to do every Corporation Act; that they had all a Right to come to these Meetings; that 16 must be present, to make any Act valid; and that, at such Meetings, they let Leases, and made By-laws, for the better Government of the Corporation.

Vol. 14,

That it was likewise by them testified, that most of the Burgesses, so excepted to, were generally reputed Dissenters, and others of them were seen veiy rarely at Church; and therefore it was insisted, that they had not received the Sacrament, according to the 13th Car. II. a Year before they were chosen Burgesses; which made such their Election void.

That the Counsel for the Sitting Members argued, that the Office of a Burgess, in this Case, was an inferior Office, and the Act did not extend to it; however, if it did, and that they were only Burgesses de facto, all Acts by them done, while in Office, were valid.

That they also insisted, that there was no Evidence offered by the Petitioner, to prove, that the Burgesses, who voted for him, had qualified themselves according to the Act.

To which it was replied by the Petitioner's Counsel, that, if they had made this Objection before, and given the Petitioner any List of Names (as was done on the other Side) that they intended to except to on this Head, he would have taken care to have come prepared to justify his Electors, and to have proved them qualified.

And that the Committee came to these Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Election of any Person, to be a Burgess of Wilton, in the County of Wilts, who has not taken the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper, according to the Rites of the Church of England, within One Year before such Election, is a void Election.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, /

That Sir John Hawles, Knight, is duly elected a Burgess,

to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Wilton, in the County of Wilts.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That George Bodington, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Wilton.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That John Gauntktt, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Wilton.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House upon Monday Morning next, to amend the Return for the Borough of Wilton, in the County of Wilts, by rasing out the Name of George Bodington, Esquire, and inserting John Gauntlet, Esquire, in the stead thereof.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, for preventing occa- Occasional sional Conformity, be ifead the third time this Day, after the Conformity. Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of East Retford.

Mr. Bromley (according to Order) reported, from the East Retford Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it Election, appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of East Retford, in the County of Nottingham, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are, as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of Sir Willoughby Hickman, Baronet, and William Levinz, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of John Thornhagh,

Esquire, and Thomas White, Esquire, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of East Retford, in the County of Nottingham:

That, upon the Poll, the Numbers were thus:

For Mr. Thornhagh, 77

For Mr. White, 74

For Sir Willoughby Hickman, 39 For Mr. Levinz, 3 8

But the Petitioners Counsel insisted, that they should take off so many of the Sitting Members Votes, as would give the Petitioners a Majority.

That the Right of Election was agreed to be in the Bailiffs and Burgesses; but they did not agree, how they were qualified to be Burgesses.

N That

50 $8 Novembris. 1702.

East Retford That the Petitioners Counsel said, that no Persons the Freemen, pretended to be made by ,were

Election. ought to be made free of the Borough of East Retford, not duly made.

but the Sons of Freemen, and such as had served Seven And Mr. Clayton, the Steward, said that the senior Years Apprenticeship within the Borough; and that the Bailiff had ordered him to adjourn the Court; and that younger, as well as the eldest, Sons of Freemen, and his Deputy only attended Mr. Popplewell, when they were such, as had served Apprenticeship within the Borough, made free.

had a Right to their Freedom; and that others, living in The Disfranchisement of Popplewell was also produced;

- the Borough, but not Foreigners, might be made Freemen in which one Reason given, was, for making these Free-by Redemption. men.

The Sitting Members Counsel said, that the eldest Sons The Petitioners also called Evidence, as to the Right of

only of Freemen, and such, as had served Apprenticeship younger Sons to their Freedom.

within the said Borough, had a Right to demand their Tho. Moody, Threescore Years old, and upwards, said. Freedom; but that the Corporation had a Power to make he was a younger Son, and he, and his two younger Bro-whom they pleased free, as well Persons living without thers, were made free.

the Borough, as Persons that lived within the Borough, fVm. Moody, the elder Brother, testified the same; and, if they thought fit. as he has heanl, Three of the Souths, and Three of the

' That the Committee first examined, what Power the Coltons, were made free.

Corporation had to make Foreigners free; and called William Bunby, Robert Mason, Two youngdr Sons, said,

several Witnesses: they were summoned to take their Freedom, and were

RichardBunby, Wm.Nicholls, Wm.Bunby, Wm.Smith; madefree: One said, he paid a Noble; the other $s. io<i who said, they had been acquainted with East Retford 17, Court Fees.

20, and 40, I ears, and did not know any Instances of And Nicholls said, that he beard Alderman Foreigners being made free; yet they acknowledged, Sir deceased, say about 3 or Years ago, upon the Demand Edw. Nevill was elected Alderman, and Sir Willoughby of a younger Son to be made free, that it had been the Hickman, though not resident, was a Burgess. Custom, for younger Sons to be made free, but it should

That the Counsel for the Sitting Members insisted, that be so no longer, this Matter had been determined for them by Vote of That the Sitting Members Counsel excepted to some this House: Then they produced Two Orders in the of the Petitioners Voters.

Town-books; the First, 6 Jacobi I. that no Foreigner Wm. Booth said, that Robert Bibby and Tho. Clark had should be made free, under 20#. Fine to the Corpora- received Wharton's Charity; 20 in June last,

tion; and an Admittance of a Person to his Freedom, Matth. Boa ted said, that William Buttery and Martin 6 E. VI. he paying 20 s. prolibero suo. did each of them, as he himself, receive 20#. a That they also called some Witnesses. Year, at Two Payments, being a Gift of 3/. to Three

Thomas Rawson, one, said, he was made free of East ancient Men; but that he paid to Church 'and Poor: Retford, and did not live there; and paid for his Free- And he could not say, Martin Colton received any thing dom, in all, 5 /. and that he lived with Sir Edward Nevill, from the Parish; and they voted in other Matters be-who was also made free. longing to the Corporation.

John Reynolds,another, confirmed his Testimony, as That some Witnesses were also called against the Right to his Freedom. Evidence was also given of several of younger Sons to be made free.

Foreigners, made free about 17 Years since. Mr. Reynolds said, that he knew Richard Cal ton, a

' To this it was replied, that Sir Edward Nevill was en- younger Son, made free, 22 or 23 Years ago, and paid a

titled to be a free Burgess, as he had served in Parliament Fine.

for the Corporation: And it appeared by the Return, that Mr. Clayton, the Steward, and Wm. Jessop, who had he was elected a Burgess, to serve in Parliament, 31 Car.II. gone through all Offices, said, they never knew the

and was not made an Alderman till 32 Car. II. younger Sons of Freemen made free, without paying a

The making several Foreigners free, in the late King Fine, unless they had served Apprenticeships.

James' Reign, was not denied; but they said, they looked That they read Two Entries in their Books: That upon them to be very irregular. William Woodrofe paid a Fine of 40 and Fra. W

And that, upon this Matter, the Committee came to paid also a Fine, this Resolution: That they desired a Resolution of this House, the last

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Parliament, might be read; in which the House agreed That Persons, not inhabiting in the Borough of East Ret- with the Committee, That the younger Sons had not a ford, in the County of Nottingham, are incapable of being Right to their Freedom.

made free of the said Borough by Redemption. And that, upon the whole, the Committee came to these

Upon this Head, it was affirmed, that they took off 3 6, Resolutions; who lived in the Counties of Nottingham, TJcrby, and Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, York, and were made free soon after the late King's Death. That all the Sons of Freemen of the Borough of East That the Counsel for the Sitting Members admitted 33. ford have a Right to the Freedom of the said Borough.

The Petitioners Counsel then excepted to Three others; Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

viz. to Mr. Thomhagh junior, as being made free, and That John Thomhagh, Esquire, is not duly elected a Bur-no Inhabitant; and to the Sitting Members, voting both gess to serve in Parliament for the Borough of East

for themselves, and each for the other. ford, in the County of Nottingham.

That the next thing, the Petitioners Counsel proceeded Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, on, was to add several to their own Poll. That Thomas White, Esquire, is not duly elected a Bur-

Then Witnesses were called; viz. gess, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of

William Smith, William Nicholls; who spake to the East Retford. making free of John Leary, John Colton, and Tho. Bony- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, vant, by Bailiff Popplewell: One was a Freeman's eldest That Sir Willoughby Hickman, Baronet, is duly elected a Son, another a younger, and the last had served an Ap- Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of prenticeship, which entitled them all to demand their Free- East Retford.

dom; but they, and Popplewell himself, were refused to Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, be polled for the Petitioners. That William Levinz, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess,

William WooMead Others, that had a Right to their Free- to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of East John Stephenson, dom, were refused to be admitted, and Retford.

Savil Atkinson, not suffered to vote, as they desired, for The First Resolution being read a Second time-; rho. Sibly. Sitting Members. And the Question being put. That the House do agree

That the Counsel for the Sitting Members insisted, that with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Persons,

not

Occasional

Conformity.

St. Martin in the Fields Estate.

Aldworth's

Estate.

Supply Bill; Coed Duties

Wilton, &c. He turns amended.

Earl of Marlborough's Answer to Vote of Thanks.

i Ann. 28® — 30' Novembris. 51

1624

864

not inhabiting in the Borough of in the County of Nottingham, are incapable of being made free of the said Borough by Redemption;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,

Sir Matthew Dudley,

Mr. Knatchbull:

Tellers for the Noes,

Mr. Woollaston,

Sir John Holland:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The rest of the Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House upon Monday Morning next, to amend the Return for the Borough of East Retford, in the County of Nottingham, by rasing out the Names of John Thomhagh, Esquire, and Thomas White, Esquire, and inserting Sir Willoughby Hickman, Baronet, and Wm, Leoinz, instead thereof.

An ingrossed Bill, for preventing occasional Conformity, was (according to Order) read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Press L. by inserting, " and by the Authority of the same:"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Tide be, An Act for preventing occasional Conformity.

Ordered, That Mr. Bromley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

attended his Lordship accordingly; and that thereupon his Lordship expressed himself to this Effect; viz.

That nothing could add to the Satisfaction, he took in the Queen's most gracious Acceptance of his hearty and sincere Endeavours for the publick Service, but the obliging and favourable Sense, which this House is pleased to express of them; of which Honour no Matt carl be more truly sensible than himself: That our Success is chiefly to be imputed to God's Blessing upon her Majesty's happy Conduct, and the great Bravery of her own Troops, and those of her Allies.

A Bill, for granting a Supply to her Majesty, by Supply Bill; several Duties imposed upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Malt Dutiei. Perry, was (according to Order) read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, that the Two Irish F«-Trustees for the Irish Forfeitures, who are in Town, had feitures. been with him, and informed him, that their Papers are now come, and that they are ready to attend; when the House will please to appoint them.

Ordered, That the said Two Trustees do attend this House upon Wednesday Morning next, with such Papers, as they have to lay before the House.

The Earl of Randagh (according to Order) presented Earl of to the House his Answer to the Narrative, and Objee- Ran l®§h tions, of the Commissioners for taking the publick Accoant Accounts, relating to his Accounts: And the same was read, and is, as followeth; viz.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lunce, 30 die Novembris;

Anno primo Annae Regince.

Pbaveks.

MR. Crosse (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, for the better improving a certain Piece of Ground in the Parish of St. Martin in the,

and for other the Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Topham (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, to enable Charles Aldworth, Esquire, to sell some other Lands and Tenements, than his Father settled, for raising his Daughters Portions, and Payment of his Debts, those settled being not sufficient for that Purpose: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, for continuing the Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Cinders: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Clerk of the Crown attended, and (according to Order) amended the Returns for the Borough of Wilton, in the County of Wilts, and for the Borough of East Retford, in the County of Nottingham.

Mr. Comptroller of her Majesty's Household reported, that the Committee, appointed to attend the Earl of borough with the Thanks of this House, for the great and signal Services, by him performed for this Nation, had Vox.. 14.

The Answer of Richard Earl of Ranelagh, Paymaster general of her Majesty's Forces, 8$c. to the Narrative, and Objections, relating to his Accounts, contained in a Paper, under the Hands and Seals of the Seven Commissioners of Accounts, and by them delivered to this honourable House on j

the 1 ith Day of this instant November, 1702.

THE said Paymaster, in the First Place, returns his humble Thanks to this House, for their having ordered him a Copy of the said Narrative, <§ c. and a Time to answer it.

In the next Place, he must say, that he cannot but think himself very unhappy, to fall under so severe Animad versions, as are contained in the said Narrative, after his having been 17 Years in his Office, without any material Objection made to his Management, either by the Six former Commissioners of Accounts, or by any other Person whatsoever.

In the 3d Place, he must observe to this honourable House, that his Office of Paymaster is altogether ministerial: That, though, by Virtue of it, he hath received vast Sums of the publick Revenue, no less than One-and-twenty Millions, and upwards, between the 1st of January, 1685, and this Day, yet he hath no Power to issue the same, but according to Establishments, Regulations of Subsistence, and Warrants signed by the Crown, or according the Directions of the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury: That he never receives any Money from the Exchequer, but by Orders of the Treasury; and most commonly, if not always, the Uses, to which the Sum, so ordered, is to be applied, are particularly set down and expressed in the same Order.

In the 4th Place, he must observe, that, during the said Seventeen Years of his Management, he hath had the Misfortune to bury Three Deputies, and all other the Officers, which he found in his Office, when he first entered upon it; by which means his Books are not in so good Order, as he heartily wishes they were; byt, whatsoever Trouble this creates to him, he will use his utmost Care, that the Publick shall not suffer by it.

In

Earl of

Runelagh's

Accounts.

52 30 0 NovembrisA. 1702.

In the 5th Place, he must observe, that several Millions of the aforesaid Sum, received by him, were issued and paid out by his Deputies in Holland, Flanders,

and the West Indies:That this Variety of Payments, in so many Places, hath, as may easily be believed, begot some Confusion in his Vouchers; which, howsoever, he doth not doubt to set right, though with great Trouble.

What the said Paymaster hath next to observe, is, that the Paper, to which he is to answer, contains, First, A Narrative of Proceedings between the Seven Commissioners, and him: Secondly, Ten Observations of theirs upon his Accounts, passed, and declared: Thirdly, Some Animadversions, not numbered, on his Accounts, not yet passed.

As to the Narrative, the said Paymaster answers, that, pursuant to a Letter of theirs, dated the 15th of April last, desiring a true Copy of his Commission, he sent them his Two original Patents, under the great Seal of;

the one from the late King ;the other, from the late King William.

He owns, that he received a Precept from them, dated the 15th of May last, requiring him to exhibit to them, on Thursday, the 25th of June following, according to the Schemes therein prescribed, the Balance remaining in his Hands on the 5th of November, 1688, and Accounts of all his Receipts, and Paymfents, between that Time, and the 25th of December, 1701.

He saith, that, in pursuance of his Precept, he attended the said Commissioners on the Day appointed, and then delivered to them a Paper, intituled, A State of the Accounts of Richard Earl of Ra, Paymaster-general

of her Majesty's Forces, dSpc. from the 1st of January, 1685 (on which Day he first entered upon the Execution of that Office) to the last of March, 1692, inclusive, being Six Years and Three Months; as also a State of the Poundage, deducted by him within the same time: The said Paper telling them, that, by that State, they might see, at one View, the whole of his Receipts, and Payments, within that Time; which could not be clear to them by any State, beginning from the 5th of November, 1688, as they desired; since the Balances of his Accounts, preceding that Period, would not appear. He likewise told them, that his Accounts, for the said Six Years and Three Months, were, in Number, Seven, and were all actually passed, and declared; and that he had a upon

each of them: And he then delivered to them true Copies of the said Seven Accounts; as also an Abstract of his Account, lying before Mr. Auditor Bridges, from the 1st of April, 1692 (being the next Day after his last Account declared, ended, as aforesaid) to the last of September,

1695, inclusive; and an Abstract of his Account, lying before Mr. Auditor Done, from the 1st of October, 1695, to the 25th of March, 1699, inclusive; each of the said Two Accounts being for Three Years and an Half, in all, Seven Years; his Receipts, and Payments, for that Time, being' divided into the said Two Accounts, by Order of the then Lords' Commissioners of the Treusury, that so

9

both the Auditors might proceed to examine, and state the said Two Accounts, at one and the same Time, for the more speedy Dispatch of them. He also then told them, that lie was making ready Three further Accounts, which should contain all his Receipts, and Payments, from the said 25th of March, 1699, to the 25th of December,

J 701, being Two Years and Three Quarters: So that, by these Twelve Accounts, viz. the said Seven declared Accounts, the said Two Accounts, lying before the Two Auditors, and the said Three Accounts, preparing, they might see all his Receipts, and Payments, from the 1st of January, 168.5, to the 25th of December, 1701, being 16 Years; he desiring nothing more, than to lay all his publick Transactions plainly before them: And at the same Time he delivered to them a current Account of his Receipts, and Payments, from the said 25th of December, 1701, to the 24th of June, 1702; he being required so to do by Two Precepts of theirs: And, on the 29th of June last, he sent them, as they desired, the original Parchment Duplicates of his said Seven declared

Accounts; which the said Commissioners, however, are pleased to call general Abstracts of Accounts, with gross Items of his Payments.

On the 26th of September last he sent to them the Three Accounts, which, he told them on the 25th of June, he was making ready; which contained his Receipts, and Payments, from the said 25th of March 1699, to the 25th of December, 1701; and which he could not possibly make ready sooner, by reason of the Multiplicity of his other publick Business; particularly, by his being obliged, by Act of Parliament, to make out all the Debentures, payable out of the forfeited Lands in by the 30th of September last; which was a very tedious, troublesome, and voluminous, Work: And, on the said 26th of September last he likewise sent them a current Account of his Receipts, and Payments, from the 24th of June last, to the 1st of September last: So that he can safely say, he made as much Haste, as possibly he could, to comply with their several Precepts; and he did then think, that, having thus laid all his Accounts before them, they would have applied themselves to examine, and state such of his Accounts, as were not passed, and declared; which were Five in Number, and contained, as aforesaid, all his Receipts, and Payments, from the 1st of April, 1692, to the 25th of December last, being Nine Years and Three Quarters; his Receipts, for that Time, amounting [to] 14,798,215/. os. 5 But the said Paymaster soon found, that the Commissioners, instead of proceeding upon his said Five Accounts, not yet passed, were resolved to lay open and unravel Four of his Seven Accounts, passed, and declared, and upon each of which he had a Quietus est; the said Four Accounts beginning from the 1st of January, 1687, and ending the last of March, 1692; for, on the 27th of June last, being but Two Days after he had delivered them so many of his Accounts, as aforesaid, they sent him a Precept, to make up regimental Accounts, for die Time of the said Four Accounts, in the same Manner, as he was required to do by Act of Parliament, and had done from the 1st of April 1602, to the 25th of March 1699; and the next Day, when, by Summons, he waited on them in their Office, they insisted upon this Direction: To which the Paymaster answered, that the Act, which required regimental Accounts for the Time aforesaid, did not look back beyond the 1st of April, 1692: That the Reason of its requiring such Accounts for that Time, was, because the Army had not been cleared between the said 1st of April, 1692, and the said 25th of March, 1699; which Reason could have no Operation in what they now directed, since the Army was cleared to the last of March, 1692: That, when he passed the said Four Accounts before the Auditors, he had delivered up all his Vouchers, relating to them; which made it almost impracticable for him to comply with their Directions: That, though his Books might, in some measure, guide his Compliance, yet, he could not, in Justice to himself, and Family, consent to lay open his Accounts, upon which he had his Quietus est. He likewise told them then, or soon after, that he did not think (with great Submission to them) that they had any Authority to unravel passed and declared Accounts; and thatuone of the Six former Commissioners of Accounts had ever pretended to do it

Upon this they required him to send them the original Leidgers of his Office, from the 1st of January, 1687, to the last of March 1692; that so they might extract and frame out of them such regimental Accounts, as they desired. To this he answered, That he had no distinct Leidgers for that particular Time: That Leidgers were no publick Books, but only Helps to an Accomptant, to settle Accounts with his Cashier: That they could neither charge, nor discharge, an Accomptant, before an Auditor; and therefore they were never offered/or accepted, as Vouchers: And after many other Arguments, of this Kind, he told them, that, since it was plain, they required them, in order to ravel into, and lay open, his said Four Accounts, passed, declared, and

upon

t AnM.

3ob Novembris.

53

upon each of which he had a Quietus est, he could not part with them; neither did he think (with great Submission) they had any Authority to require them,. none of the Six former Commissions of Accounts having ever demanded them.

On July the 2d they sent one of their Number to his Office, with a Precept, directing the Paymaster, and his Deputy and Deputies, his Clerk or Clerks, belonging to his said Office, to per mit and assist the said Commissioner, and Mr. Cartwright,their Army Accomptant, to inspect

the Leidgers and Journals of the Office, which contained the Receipts, and Payments, from the said istof January, 1687, to the last of March, 1692: To which Precept he returned an Answer, which the said Commissioners writ down; the Substance of which was, That he hoped, they would not take it ill, if he did advise with Counsel, whether any of his Accounts, passed . by the Auditors, could be laid open by their Authority, especially, since the said Accounts, before declared, had been laid before former Commissioners of Accounts. Nol withstanding this Answer, they sent another Precept to him, dated the very next day, requiring the said Books to be laid before them the next Morning; and by a Letter, dated the Day following, being a Saturday, he was summoned to attend them in their Office on Monday Morning; where and when they repeated their Earnestness to have the said Leidgers, and he still insisted to have Time to advise with his Counsel: lrpon which they told him, that, from that Day, they intended to make a Recess for Three Weeks, or a Month; that they hoped, he would advise with his Counsel in the mean time; and that, if he was advised to deliver the said Leidgers, their Secretary, Mr. King, would be in the Way, to receive them, and to give a Receipt for them. To this he answered, he would lose no Time in taking Advice, nor in delivering his Books, if advised thereto. Accordingly, the Wednesday following, he endeavoured to meet with

Two Gentlemen, who have always been his Counsel, but found, they were both gone out of Tow n, to attend their Elections; where they staid till the Beginning of August; on the 4th of which Month the Commissioners, being likewise returned, sent him a Precept, requiring him, on Saturday following, to exhibit his said original Leidgers to them, or his Reasons, in writing, why he refused them; which Order they repeated in their Letter of the 10th of that Month. On the 19th of that Month he sent them a Letter, which told them, that the Reason, they had not sooner heard from him, was, his Counsel's being out of Town: That, though, upon their Return, they had both agreed in Opinion, that the present Commission of Accounts gave no Authority to lay open any Account, passed, and declared, which had been before the former Commissions of Accounts, nor to demand the Leidgers of any Accomptant (they being not publick Books) yet, to shew his Readiness to give them any Satisfaction he could, he had sent them his '1 wo original Leidgers, from the 1st of January, 1685, to the last of March, 1092; and, that he should have sent them sooner, had he not thought it reasonable to take such Abstracts of them, as might inform him, what they contained, should any Misfortune happen to them: Which Word " Misfortune," he solemnly avers, was not used by him, out of any Jealousy of the honourable Commissioners, but for the sake of their Army Accomptant, who hath most maliciously and scandalously behaved himself towards the said Paymaster for some Years past.

The foregoing Particulars, though many, the said Paymaster thinks necessary to lay before this honourable House, that they may be thereby truly informed, from whence the Disputes and Differences have arisen l>etween the Commissioners, and him. As to his Part, he humbly leaves it to your Judgment (to which he will always readily submit) whether he was in the right, to insist, that they have no Authority, by their Commission, to lay open any Account, passed, and declared, and which hath heretofore been examined by any of the Six former Commissions of Accounts: But, that it may not be thought, he starts this Question, in order to shelter himself against

Vol. 14.

answering the particular Objections in their Narrative, Earl of Ra-he will now hasten to return a particular Answer to each nelash's of them. Accouat

As to the Charge of his Four declared Accounts which begin from the 1st of Januar, 1687, and end the last of March, 1692, the Commissioners make it

3,935 13 3,838,540 18

64,359 6

d.

8{

0

3

4,344 8 3

consist of the following Particulars:

Balance, due from the AccompQ tant,of the preceding Account ji The Exchequer Charge - -

What his Lordship voluntarily) charges y

Interest, received on Tallies,} more than what his Lordship i brings to Account - -

To this the said Paymaster answers, That he makes no Objection to the First of the said Four Sums, being 3,985/. 13s. 8 id.nor to the Third of the said Sums, being 64,359/. 6s. 3d. but to the Second, being 3,838,540/. 18 . oJ</. he objects; and saith, that this Sum, by the Auditors Charge, is but 3,791,080/. os. 8 which is short of the Commissioners said Sum of 47,460 L i~s.4</. The Reason of which Difference is, because the said 47,460 /. 17 s.4 d.though received from the Exchequer in January, 1687, yet it was issued to him, to clear the Establishment to the last of December, 1687,

and he is charged with it in his Account then ending; and consequently, he ought not to be charged with it in his Account from that Day: And the right honourable the Lord Haiti fax, when he delivered to the Commissioners his Account of the Paymaster's Receipts, between the 1st of January, 1687, and the last of March, 1692, told them, that this was the Truth of the Fact; and, for a further Confirmation of it, the Total of the Paymaster's Charge from the Exchequer, between the 1st of January, 1685, and the said last of March, 1692, agrees, to a Farthing with the Total, charged by the Auditors for that Time which is all taken into his Seven declared Accounts.

To the 4U1 Sum he likewise objects, being 4,344/. 8s> 3 d. alleged to be received by him for Interest on Tallies, more than he hath accounted for; because he is positive, he never received that Sum, nor any Part of it; but the said Sum was received by the several Persons, to whom these Tallies were assigned by him; who had a Right to receive them, with all the Interest due from the Date of them. He further saith (as the Commissioners have very faithfully reported) that his constant Course hath been, as it ala ays w as in the Pay-offices of the Army and Navy, to write his Name only upon the Back of the Orders, without any formal Assignment; and that, upon Examination, it appears, that, when the Money, due on such Orders, hath been received at the Exchequer, Acquittances have been written over the Paymaster's Name, as if he had received both Principal and Interest. This he hath discovered in several Orders, which, in Part, make up the said,344/. 8$. 3 d.and he is in pursuit of the rest. In the mean time he humbly conceives, he ought not to be charged with that Sum, in regard that, bva Clause in an Act, for making good Deficiencies, passed in the last Parliament, the Account of Interest, received by Paymasters (if any) is to be brought into their final Accounts.

And this is all the said Paymaster hath to offer, in Answer to that Part of the Commissioners Narrative, which relates to the Charge of his Four declared Accounts, from the 1st of January, 1687, to the last of March, 1692.

As to the Discharge of his said Four Accounts, their Observations, and his Answers to them, are here set down in Order, as follows:

First, That all the Regiments, Troops, and Companies, which were in the Service of the late King James, and which, it is notorious, had many popish Officers and Soldiers in them, and were broke, and dispersed, upon the Earl of Fever sham's disbanding the Army on the 13th of December, 16.S8, are, by Warrants upon his Lordship's Certificates of Debentures, paid compleat to several Days in January, February, March, and April, following.

To this Observation the said Paymaster answers, and O agrees,

Cti! of Ita-nelagh's Accounts

Jo° Novembris. A. 170

54

agrees, That thereWere several popish Officers and Soldiers, in the Regiments, Troops, and Companies, which were in the Service of the late King James: He likewise agrees, that several of the said Regiments were dismissed by the Earl of Feversham on the 13th of December, 1688: Rut he said), that the late King, the then Prince of Orange, did the very next Day issue a Declaration, setting forth, that, he being informed, that divers Regiments, Troops, and Companies, had been encouraged to disperse themselves in an unusual and unwarrantable Manner, whereby the publick Peace was very much disturbed, he had thought fit thereby to require all Colonels, and Commanders in Chief, of Regiments, <§x\ to call together the several Officers, and Soldiers, belonging to their respective Regiments, in such Places, as they should find most convenient for their Rendezvous, and there to keep them in good Order and Discipline.

That, in pursuance of this Declaration, most (if not all) of the said Regiments, so dismissed, did re-unite, and were kept in good Order and Discipline; and when his late Majesty did think fit, soon after, to disband several of the late King James's Forces, none of the said disbanded Regiments, Troops, and Companies, were paid compleat, but a Deduction was made, for what was due to their popish Officers, according to the Method prescribed by his said late Majesty; and the same care was taken, in paying the Remainder of the late King James's Forces, which his late Majesty thought fit to continue in his Service; none of which were paid compleat (as this Observation alleges) there being a Deduction made also, for what [was] due to their popish Officers, as by a List of their said Deductions will appear: And all the Certificates of Debentures, made by the said Paymaster, for the Payment of the said Forces, contrary to the usual Method (of which this Observation seems to complain) were so made pursuant to several Warrants under his late Majesty's Hand, positively directing them to be so; as by Copies of the said Warrants will fully appear, the Originals thereof being in the Hands of the said Commissioners. Secondly, That the Warrants, for several such Payments, bear Date, some a Year, others Two Years, after the said Regiments, Troops, and Companies, were disbanded.

To this the said Paymaster answers, That the private Soldiers of a Regiment always receive, by way of Subsistence, their full Pay, except what reserved for their Clothing; and the Clothing, and Subsistence, of the non-commissioned Officers, leaves but a small Matter due to them; which, if paid, as generally it is, before, or upon, their disbanding, there remains only a Debt due to the commissioned Officers; for the Payment of which, Warrants are seldom, or never, prepared, till there is Money ready to pay them; which many times there is not, till a Year or Two after the disbanding: Witness the Regiments, disbanded upon the Peace at Reswick; where only the Subsistence was cleared to the common Soldiers, and a Bounty-money given them; and the non-commissioned Officers being cleared, and a Bounty-money given them also (which a small Sum effected) the commissioned Officers were left unpaid; and so they are to this Hour, there being no Warrants to clear them, although it is full Five Years, since they were disbanded.

Thirdly, That there are several Warrants, for paying compleat Numbers allowed on the Establishment, notwithstanding any Defect in, or Want of, Muster-rolls. To this Observation the said Paymaster answers, That Warrants, for paying the Forces, are never prepared by the Paymaster, that being the Work of the Secretary at War; and, if Warrants are signed, directing the Paymaster to pay compleat, according to the Establishment, notwithstanding Defects in, or Want of, Muster-rolls, it is his Duty to obey such W arrants, and to pay accordingly.

Fourthly, That there is a Warrant, dated the 1 "th of October, 1680, to the Auditors of the Imprests, to allow his Lordship the Sum of 172,340/. which he had Direction from his late Majesty to pay to several Persons, without Deduction. The Auditors are not to charge the Persons aforesaid with these Sums, or any 12

Part thereof; his Majesty reserving the Examination of the Particulars to himself, or to such, as he shall appoint for that Purpose.

This Observation seejns to complain of the Warrant, mentioned therein, and not of the Paymaster; who certainly paid all the Sums, contained in the said Warrant, upon proper Directions, and delivered to the auditor authentick Vouchers for the same: And though he need say no more, to justify himself, yet, for the Vindication of the Warrant, he begs Leave to set down here the particular Sums, mentioned therein, which, together, make up the said 172,340/. and the Nature thereof. The Sums are, as follow:

To my Lord Portland, by the Name of William -tinck, 1,000l.

This Sum was paid to his Lordship on the 22d of February, 1688, for the Use of his Majesty's privy Purser by Direction, in Writing from the then Lords Commissioners of the Treasury.

To George Lord Dartmouth, 700 /.

This Sum was paid to his Lordship on the said 22d of February, 1688, and by the like Direction, for transporting the late King James's Horses, who had desired they might be sent after him; which his late Majesty readily agreed to.

To Henry Powle Esquire, Speaker, 1,140/.

One thousand Pounds of this Sum was paid on the 26th of January, 1688, for his Equipage-money, as Speaker of the then Convention; and the remaining 140/. was paid him for his Allowance, as such, for 28 Days, at the usual Rate of 5 /. a Day; the whole being paid by Direction, in Writing, of the Treasury.

To Peter Isaac, 6,000 /.

This Peter Isaac was Steward to his late Majesty's House, when Prince of Orange; and this Sura was paid him, for that Use, by Three several Payments, in the Month of January, 1688; all by Direction, in Writing from the then Lords Commissioners of the Treasury.

To Mrs. Anne Van Golstein, 1,000 /.

This Gentlew oman was one of the late Queen's Dressers; and this Sum was paid her on the 22d of February,

1688, for her said Majesty's Service, by an Order of his late Majesty in the Treasury Chamber.

To Jacob Vander Esch, Esquire, 162,500l.

This Gentleman, as every body knows, was Paymaster to his late Majesty's Dutch Forces, from the Time they first landed in England; and the aforesaid Sum was paid to him by the English Paymaster, for their Use, at several Times, between the 31st of December, 1688, and the 12th of April following, by Directions, in Writing, from the Treasury.

So that the Sums, mentioned in this Warrant, are Six in Number. The Five first (which make together 9,840/.) may seem improper to be paid out of the Pay-office; but the Reason, they were so, was, because there was no Privy Seal in being, but that of the Paymaster's of the Army, when these Payments were directed; and no body can think, that any of these Five Sums were proper to be accounted for but to his late Majesty, or such, as he should . appoint for that Purpose: And as to the 6th Sum, being the great Sum, paid to Vander Esch, it is well known, that his late Majesty would not, for many Years after his Accession to the Crown, suffer his Dutch Forces either to be mustered, or paid, but according to their own Method; and therefore, not only in this Warrant, but in several subsequent Warrants, relating to the Payment of his said Dutch Forces, his said Majesty always reserved the said Vander Esch's Accounts to his own Examination.

Fifthly, That his Lordship discharges himself of several Sums, paid for levying the Lord Mordant's (now Earl of Peterborough) and Sir Guise' Regiments, although your Commissioners find, one of the Articles in the Account, laid before this House, of the Charge, the States General had been at in the Resolution, and upon which you paid them 600,000 /. is for raising the Regiments of the Lord Mordant, Sir Robert Peyton, Sir John Guise, and others. And here your Commissioners must observe, that the Earl of

Regiment

V

i Ann. 36 0 Novembris$$

Regiment is paid from the 5th of November, 1688, the Earl of Monmouth's from the loth, and that of Colonel Lutt roll's from the 23d of the said Month, though his late Majesty landed in England on the 5th of November, Five Days before the 2d, and Nineteen before the last. Besides, as to the Payment of 1,582/. 2.?. to the Earl of your

Commissioners find the Vouchers signed, and, they believe, writ, by the said Earl himself; in which it is expressed, that Part of this Sum was received from Mr. Rozv, Part from the Dutch Paymaster, and the rest from the Earl of Ranelagh: Now his Lordship has surcharged himself with what was paid by Mr. Row, but not, as lie ought to have done, with what was paid by the Dutch Paymaster. To this Observation the said Paymaster answers. That be has lately seen an Account, laid before the House of Commons on the 14th of March, 1688, of the Charge, the States General had been at in his late Majesty's Expedition lor England, for which that House paid them 600,000l. in which Account there was this following Article:

" Several Charges to those, that followed his Majesty,

* and to the Forces, that came over, and also to the raising the Regiments of the right honourable the Lord " Mor daunt, Sir Robert Peyton, Sir John Guise, and " others, Two hundred and Fifty thousand Guilders."

But the Paymaster never yet heard, nor indeed was it any ways material for him to esquire, what Part of that Sum was paid to the Three Colonels, mentioned in that Article, for raising their Regiments. Sure he is, that what he charges, a3 paid for Levy Money to the said Three Colonels, was a very inconsiderable Sum, and not sufficient, according to the lowest Allowance, to raise Three Companies; for what he charges in his Sixteen Months Account, ending the lust of April, 1689, to which this Observation refers, is in all but 300l. viz. 100l. to my Lord Monmouth, 100l. to Sir John Guise, and 100l. to Colonel Francis Luttr ell; and his late Majesty's Warrant, which directs the Allowance of these Three Sums, saith, that he was graciously pleased to allow the said Three Colonels the said 100l. each, as Levy Money, for completing their respective Regiments: So that nothing is charged by the Paymaster, for raising the said Three Regiments. And as to that Part of this Observation, which saith, that my Lord Levins Regiment is paid from the 5th of November, 16F8, the Earl of Monmouth's from the 10th, and that of Colonel Luttrell's from the 23d, of the said Month; the Paymaster answers, that he was positively directed, by Warrant under his late Majesty's Hand, to compute the s (id Three Regiments from these respective Days, as by the said Warrants will appear. And as to the Objection, which Closes this 5th Observation,

That the Paymaster ought to have surcharged himself with what the D itch Paymaster paid my Lord Monmouth, in Part of the i,;582/. 2 s.as well as he hath surcharged himself with whatt paid by Mr. in part of that Sum; the Paymaster an swers, that he cannot imagine, how the Dutch Paymaster's Name came to be mentioned in the said Earl's Acquit tance; nor can the said Farl (who has been spoke to in t his Matter) recollect, how he came to mention him therei n: Besides, it appears by a Certificate, hereunto annexed, 1 mder the Hand of Mr. Sohinus, who was Deputy to the Dutch Paymaster from the 5th of November, 1688, tl at the said Paymaster never paid my Lord Monmouth an y Money whatsoever, for his Regiment, between the sa id 10th of November, 1688, and tire last of April, 1689.

Sixthly, That, wb ereas his Lordship discharges himself of several S urns, paid by Warrant to Captain Mathew Smith.t Japtain Anthony Power, and Captain Henry Davis, & id hath passed his Account for the same, by Vouch rs under their Hands, the said Captains Smith and 1 )avis have made positive Oaths, that

their Hands are forged; and your Commissioners have some Reasc n to suspect, that Captain Parer's Hand is so too; and, as an undeniable Evidence of this Fact, in what concerns Captain Smith, it appears to your Commissioners, that, after his Lordship had Vot. l i.

made use of the Voucher, in order to stop a Com- Earl of ( plaint, which was coming into this House, he made up J Captain Smith's Accounti, and paid him the Balance. '

To this Observation the Paymaster answers, That there was a Warrant, signed by his late Majesty, dated the 28th of February, 1688, directing him to pay to the aforesaid Three Captains, for the Pay of themselves, and the Three independent Companies milder their Command, from the several Days in October, November, and December,

1688, on which they were first mustered, to the Time of their disbanding (which was on or about the 7th of January, 1688) the Sums following t vis.

s. d.

To Captain Math. Smith - - 237 13 2 To Captain Anth. Power - - 221 15 8

To Captain Henry Davis - - 253 7 4

In all - £.712 16 2

That the said Sum of 712 /. i-6 r. 2 is charged, as paid to the said Three Captains, according to their respective Proportions aforesaid, in his Account for Sixteen Months; which ended the last of April, 1689: That the said Sum, so charged, was vouched by the original Warrant of his late Majesty, upon the Back of which the said Three Captains Names were endorsed: That his said Sixteen Months Account has been passed, and declared, many Years since, and none of the said Three Captains ever complained, or pretended to say, that their Names, endorsed upon the said Warrant, were not their own Hand-writing, till those, who had been employed by the Paymaster in the Management of the Business of his Office, in the Years 1688, 1689, and 1690, Were all dead, but who, when living, were known to be Men of undoubted Integrity; and therefore it cannot be presumed, either in Justice, of Reagon, that such Alen, through whose Hands this War rant passed to the Auditor, could be guilty of counter- feiting Names upon the Back of it. Besides, it is to be observed, that Captain Anth. Power, one of the said Three Captains, never made any Complaint, that his Name was counterfeited, or that there was any one Farthing unpaid of the 221/. 15 . 8 d.charged to his Account} and that, when Captain Mathezv Smith, another of the said Three Captains, did pretend, in the Year 1695, that his Name was counterfeited, and that he had not received the full of the said 237/. 135. 2 charged to his Account, he then claimed but 50/. 5 11 as unpaid of that Sum; which 50/. 5 . 1 id. the said Paymaster's Deputy, Mr. Mordecai Abbot (being tired with his clamo rous Importunity) paid him out of the said Paymaster's private Money; telling him, when he did so, that he thought, it was-better for his Service, to give that Sum, than to have his Name brought into the House of Commons, with a Complaint from so scandalous a Man, as Captain Smith; who, upon receiving that Sum from the said Mr. Abbot, gave this following Acquittance, ready to be produced:

" Received from the right honourable Richard Earl of " Ranelagh the Sum of 50 /. 5 s. 11 d.being the Balance

" of a Warrant, for my independent Company's Pay?

"dated the 28th of February, 1688; his Lordship " having formerly paid it in his own wrong, without " my Acquittance, or my Agent's, but upon an Acquittance, to which my Name was set, but was not " my Hand-writing; whereby both his Lordship, and " I, have been abused. Witness my Hand this 25th " of March, 1695. M. Smythe."

This is the Truth, as to Captain Smith; who certainly confirms the ill Chafacter he has in the World, by his complaining of, and swearing against, the Pay-office, after he had been so well used there. As to Captain Henry Davis, the Third of the said Three Captains, and one of the Two late Swearers, his Case is as follows: He, being made a Captain of an independent Company in October,

1688, did, by a Letter of Attorney, in the usual Form, dated the 17th of that Alonth, constitule.one Mr. Roderick Mackenzie his Agent; which Letter of‘ Attorney is entered at large in a Book of the Pay-office; and when the said Captain did, about Two Years since, pretend, that his

Name,

Earl of

Ranelagh'g

Accounts.

5<S 3 o° Novembris. 1702.

Name, on the Back of the said Warrant, was counterfeited, and that some Part of the said 253 /. 7 4 directed for

him by the said Warrant, was still unpaid, and due to him, he was shewn the Entry of his said Letter of Attorney, and the original Receipt, signed by his said Agent, Mr. Roderick Mackenzie, for the said full Sum of 253/. 75. 4 d.and at that Time there was a Gentleman present, who had been his Lieutenant, who very well knew the said Mr. Mackenzie, was acquainted with his Hand, and declared, before the said Captain Davis, and several others in the Office, that he verily believed, the Body of the Acquittance, and Name, w ere Mr. Mackenzie's own Writing; to all which the said Captain then made no Objection. This being the Matter of Fact, which your Commissioners might have known, had they been pleased to have heard the Paymaster upon this Observation, before they made it, he must now humbly desire this House to consider, of what fatal Consequence it may be to the Publick, if Men be allowed to swear themselves into a Claim of Money, by denying their Hands to Vouchers, delivered by an Accomptant to his Auditor 12 or 13 Years ago, and for which he has a legal Discharge; and how improbable, or rather incredible, it is, that an Office, which, during the said Paymaster's Management, has received, and paid, more than One-and-twenty Millions, without any Reflections upon it, should be guilty of the Forgery, pretended, for so inconsiderable a Sum as 50/. 5#. 11 d.To which he has this only further to add, that it is neither just, nor reasonable, to asperse any principal Officer for Miscarriages, supposed to be committed (nor indeed, though actually committed) by any of his inferior Officers; since it cannot be presumed, that any principal Officer can be always inspecting their Proceedings, nor can any Paymaster pretend to judge of the Variety of Hands, which go through his Office.

Seventhly, That some of his Lordship's Vouchers, for Payments, are only loose Papers, put into Warrants, with a Name, and nothing more, writ on them.

To this Observation the Paymaster answers, That such, as are acquainted with Business of this Nature, know it to be no unusual Thing; and the only signing the Back of a Warrant, or writing a Name on a loose Paper, to put into a Warrant, by a Person, who is impowered to receive the Money, has always been esteemed a good Voucher, and allow ed as such.

Eighthly, That the Payments differ very much, in many Particulars, from the Establishment: That there are Rasures in some Warrants, and very extraordinary Payments directed in others; of which your Commissioners w ill give you the Instances, when you please to require them.

To this Observation the Paymaster answers, That, no doubt, in some Cases, he has made Payments, which differ very much from the Establishment; which ought not to be reckoned as a Fault in him, when it is visible, that the said Difference is occasioned by Warrants: For, though he is obliged strictly to pursue the Establishment, where no Warrant interposes; yet where Warrants direct him otherwise, he is obliged to obey the Warrant; since, [as] one Establishment supersedes another in the whole, so a Warrant, signed by the same Authority, supersedes any Establishment in Part, and hath ever been accounted, for what it contains, as authentick as the Establishment itself: And, where there are Warrants, which direct very extraordinary Payments, the Paymaster is not to be blamed; since he has nothing to do, either with preparing, or procuring, those Warrants. And as to the Rasures, which, this Observation says, are in some Warrants; the Paymaster knows nothing of it; and he dares aver, that, if any such be, they were made, before they came to his Office; and do not, in any material Matter, alter the Intention of the Warrant; for then he should have taken notice of them so far, as not to make any Payment upon them.

Ninthly, That his Lordship charges himself, for Interest received, 916/. due intermediately upon Tallies, transferred over to Sir Joseph Heme: Your Commissioners find a Warrant, signed by the late King, for allow ing the Earl of Ranethis Sum, as paid to George Clark Esquire, for secret Service, together with another Sum, paid to Rudolph of 2,000l. without Account; and also a Privy Seal, dated the 18th of June last, for the Auditor to allow his Lordship the same, upon his Account: And, upon further Enquiries, it appears to your Commissioners, that the said Sum of 916/. (the only Interest his Lordship brings to Account) was never paid, as is pretended, to George Clark Esquire, but his Name was only used in Trust for his Lordship, who had the same to his own proper Use.

To this Observation the Paymaster answers, That lie freely owns, whatsoever is said in it, relating to the 916/. particularly, that the said Sum was granted by his late Majesty to George Clark Esquire, in Trust for him: He further saith, that the Warrant, granting this Sum, was dated the 4th Day of March, 1692, and countersigned by the then Lords of the Treasury: That his Petition, desiring it, was publickly read in the Treasury Chamber; and the Consideration, upon which he desired it, was the great Loss he had suffered by the late War in Ireland; having had his Two Castles of Athlone and Roscommon utterly-destroyed, his Mansion-house in Dublin pulled down, and upwards of 12,000l. of his Rents in that Kingdom entirely lost. And as to the 2,000l. mentioned in this Observation, as paid to Mr. Rudolph Kein, without Account; he saith, It was for his late Majesty's own private Use; that he, the said Paymaster, never saw one Shilling of it; and that the Warrant, which allowed him the Payment of this Sum in his Account, was dated the 8th of February, 1692, and countersigned by the then Lords of the Treasury, who well knew, that his said late Majesty had then a pressing Occasion for that Sum.

Tenthly, That, whereas his Lordship discharges himself by Payments to Colonel and to

Lieutenant-colonel St. John, each 2,000l. your Commissioners are not very well satisfied with his Lordship's Vouchers for the same, and are making further Enquiry into that Matter; but, in the mean time, they think themselves obliged to acquaint you,

that Colonel Cunningham has made Oath, that he repaid to the said Earl of Ranelagh 1,500l. or thereabouts, in Part of the 2,000 /. which had been imprested to him; and this, your Commissioners conceive, his Lordship ought to have surcharged himself with.

To this Observation the Paymaster answet s, That, pursuant to Two Warrants, signed by his [latej Majesty, and countersigned by the then Lords of the Treasury, the one, dated the 14th of March, 1688, and the oth er, the 10th of April, 1689, he paid to Colonel John Cunningham, and Lieutenant-colonel Thomas St. John, 2,000 /. each without Account, he being directed by the said W/arraut so to do; that their Receipts for those Sums are e ndorsed ©n the Back of the said W arrants, and are passef 1, and allowed to him, in his 16 Months Account, ending the last of April, 1689, which has been passed, and declared, many Years since; and therefore he cannot well understand, what the Commissioners mean, by saying, they are not very well satisfied with his Vouchers, and that they are making further Enquiry into that Matter: An</| as to their saying, that Colonel Cunningham has made O ath, that he repaid the said Paymaster 1,500 /. or there abouts, in Part of the said 2,000 /. the Paymaster answers, That, though, in the paying out more than One-and- twenty Millions of Money, he has paid many and great Sums to several Persons, without Account, yet he never knew any one of those, who received it so, return any one Farthing of it again: And he further says, That Ciolonel Cutminghams Oath (w ho has been for many Years lin great Distress and Want, and is still a Prisoner for Debll) is not to be regarded; for certainly, if he had repaid tine Sum pretended, he would have produced the said Pay! master's Acquittance for that Sum; it being altogether irj credible, that such a Sum, as 1,500l. or thereabouts.shouj Id be paid by any one Man living to another, without a U/eceipt for it.

And

I A-KN. 30 0 Novembris57

And now the Paymaster, having thus humbly offered, to this honourable House, his Answers to the Ten Observations of the Commissioners of Accounts, must beg Leave to observe to you, That all the said Ten Observations relate to Four of his Seven Accounts, which are passed, and declared, and upon each of which he has a Quietus est; and therefore, with great Submission, he is humbly of Opinion, that the said Commissioners had no Authority to unravel them, for the Reasons, which he shall humbly ofter to your Consideration and Judgment at the End of this Paper: In the mean time he will apply himself to answer that Part of the Commissioners Narrative, which, though not numbered, follows the said Ten Observations.

The First Paragraph is, That to their said Observations they have only this further to add, That the Earl of Ranelagh makes a Balance, due to himself, of

185,268/. 14#. o d.

To this short Paragraph, which seems to imply, as if the Paymaster was rich enough to credit the Government with so great a Sum, the Paymaster answers, That, at the Foot of his Inst declared Account, which ended the 31st of March, 1692, there is written, "And then the " said Accomptant will be in Surplusage 185,268/. 145." which, in the Language of an Auditor, is saying, that the Payments, in that Account declared, do exceed the Sum, received within the Time of that Account, so much; and it is the Auditor, who always makes the Balance, and not the Accomptant: And, when the Payments, in any declared Account, do exceed the Receipts, it is well known, that those Payments have been made with publick Money, received after the Period of Time, which ends the said declared Account; and no Accomptant is one Penny the richer, for being in Surplusage, nor one Earthing the poorer, for having a Balance due from him, except it be his last and final Account; for, in the first Case, he tnakes his Surplusage Part of his Discharge in his next succeeding Account; and, in the other Case, he makes the Balance, due from him, Part of his Charge: And, for Proof of this, the Paymaster needs only to observe, that, though that great Sum of 185,268/. 14J. was his Surplusage on the last of March, 1692; yet, in his next succeeding Account, which k now under the Examination of Mr. Auditor Bridges, he is Debtor, as far as yet appears, somewhat above 20,000l. And to this he must add (though with Grief lie says it) that he Was never yet in a Condition to lend Money, his Folly having always led him to spend his Income.

The next Paragraph saith, That the Army was cleared to the last of March, 1692; and therefore they made this the first Period of Time for examining the Paymaster's Accounts: That they have not been able to proceed much further upon those, which follow, and Which seem to be laid before them very confused, and imperfect; and, upon the little Inspection-they have made into them, they observe, the Paymasters Discharges are generally by Payments of gross Sums, upon Account; others, by Payments to several Persons, for Services, and on several Occasions, without specifying the Services, or Occasions: Particularly, he discharges himself, in some Instances, thus: Paid to several Persons, for especial4 ,

Services, and for sundry Disburse- f ments for especial Services, relating f

to the Forces - - - 3

Paid several Persons for Contingencies )_, , _ ,

of divers Natures - - >7 3i

To Monsieur Schuylenburg, for several i

Sums advanced by him, for several>76,477 8 oj

Services relating to the Forces - )

To this Paragraph the Paymaster answers, That the Words, " very confused ana imperfect," are not commonly applied to Accounts, till the said Accounts have been thoroughly examined; which, the Commissioners are pleased to say, they have not yet been able to do: That the Army has not been cleared between the First of April, 1692 (to which Day they are cleared) and the 25th of March, 1699, is certain; and therefore, whatsoever Vol. 14.

hath been paid theni within that Period of Time (being Earl Seven Years) was paid them upon Account, and must iUwl consequently be charged, as so paid, in the Paymaster's Acco Accounts. And as to the Three Instances given, that the Paymaster charges Payments to several Persons, and on several Occasions, without specifying the Services, or Occasions; the said Paymaster answers, That the first Sum instanced, being 27,150/. i6$. 3 is an Article in his Account, which begins from the First of October,

1695, and ends the 25th of March, 1699, now Under the Examination of Mr. Auditor Done, of which he delivered an Abstract to the Commissioners bn the 25th of June last; and though, in that Abstract, this Sum is mentioned only in general, to avoid Perplexity, yet in the Account, delivered to the said Auditor in December, 1701, the Particulars, making up that Sum, are enumerated, being about Seventy in Number.

That the Two other Sums instanced, being 50,929/.

17 s.3 id.and 76,477/, 8s. are contained in his

Account, which begins the First of April, 1692, and ends the last of September, 1695, now under the Examination of Mr. Auditor Bridges, of which he also delivered an Abstract to the Commissioners on the said 25th of June last; and though, in that Abstract, the said Two Sums are ouly mentioned in general, to avoid Perplexity, yet in the Account itself, delivered to the said Auditor in November,

1701, the Particulars, making up those Tw'o Sums, are enumerated, befog 210 in Number, or thereabouts.

And the Paymaster further saith, that the Commissioners have not only an Abstract, before them, of his Accounts delivered by him, as aforesaid, to Mr. Auditor Bridges, but they have also had, for some Months past,

the original Acoouut itself, they having sent to the said Auditor for it; by which they may be easily satisfied of what is here averred.

The Third Paragraph, which speaks particularly, is,

That the Paymaster has forgot to carry a Balance, due from him, of20,792/. 7 id. and that in another Account he makes the Balance, due to himself, 58,88 61. 12 s.but has carried to the following

Account 98,4 9/. 13$. 11-f-rf. which, according to lik own Calculation, k more, than it ought to be, 39>5431 is. uid.

To this Paragraph, the said Paymaster answers, First, in general, That no Accomptant can ascertain the Balance of any Account, whilst it is under Examination, since it is the Auditor, as before hath been observed, who alone settles the Bailance, due either to, or from, the Accomptant; and it is a Justice, which hath been always shewn to an Accomptant, to leave his Account open, for some time after the Delivery of it to an Auditor (especially when the Account is for great Sums, and for a long Period of Time) that so the Accomptamt may have Time, and Liberty, to add any Articles omitted in the first Delivery, either to his Charge, or Discharge.

He further saith, That he never yet knew an Auditor forget to carry the Balance, due at the Foot of one Account, to the Charge of the next succeeding Account; nor did any Auditor, as he hath heard, ever allow a Balance due to an Accomptant, beyond what his Discharge, well vouched, made it. And the Paymaster, having said this in general, hastens to answer the particular Instances in this Paragraph.

In order to which, he must first humbly acquaint this honourable House, that he hath delivered to the said Commksioners Five Accounts of his Receipts, and Payments, from the First of April, 1692 (to which Day his Seven declared Accounts go on) to the 25th of December, 1701, none of which are yet passed, and declared; the two first of them depending before the Two Auditors, as before hath been said, and the Three last not befog yet delivered them, by reason they cannot properly take them into their Examination, till the said Two first are ready for Declaration; and the said Three last Accounts were framed pursuant to the Commissioners Precepts, and for their present Satkfaction, in order to shew them the State of his Receipts, and Payments, from the 25th of March, 1699, to Christmas, 1701; which, as far as the said Paymaster P cai>

Earl of stanelagh's

Account, *

30° Novembris. A. 17021

Can compute, will very near balance each the other: And he further saith, that the Balance, due from him, of 20,792/. 7 s. 1 d. (which, this Paragraph saith, he hath forgot to carry to his next succeeding Account) relates to the Fiistof the said live Accounts; that the Balance, due to him, of 58,886 /. 12 s.relates to the 2d of the said Five Accounts; and the Increase of that Balance, from 58,886/. 12 s.to 98,429 /. 13J. 1 i-I (which, tins Paragraph saith, is an Addition to it of 39,543/. 1 1 i\d.

according to his own Calculation} relates to the 3d of the said Five Accounts: To all which he answers, that, when he delivered his 2d Account to Mr. Auditor Done, in December, 1701, he then delivered to him an Abstract of it, at the Bottom of which there was a Memorandum, acquainting him, that he had other Articles to add to the Discharge of that Account, which were not then ascertained; but which he hath since added, and make his Discharge, upon that 2d Account, not only sufficient to answer the Charge of it, but also to clear the said 20,792/. 7 s. 1 d. (said to be forgot, as aforesaid) and still to leave a Balance, due to him, of 98,429/. 13s. 11 which therefore is carried to the Discharge of his 3d Account. And this whole Matter was fully explained to the Commissioners, before they delivered in their Narrative to this honourable House, by a Letter, which the said Paymaster writ to them, and of which he hath a Copy ready to produce.

In the 4th and last Paragraph the Commissioners are pleased to say, That, as they see, from these, and other the like, Instances, that the Paymaster's subsequent Accounts are as extraordinary, and no less imperfect, thau the forrqpr; so they have great Reason to apprehend, that, when they shall call upon him, to lay others before them, in such a Method, as they conceive most necessary, for their due examining and stating of them, it cannot be complied with; because, when they sent Two of their own Members with a Precept to him, to see, whether he had kept such a Register of Ins regimental Accounts, as he was required to do by a Clause in an Act, passed in the 4th and 5th of the late King and Queen (for punishing Officers, and Soldiers, who shall mutiny, or desert) and continued, by several other Acts, till the 1 oth of April, 1698, they reported, that there was no such Register kept; that neither he, nor those he employed, owned, they knew of the Clause; hut that he desired to know, where it was to be found, and said, he would read it, before he slept: They reported also, that he seemed ignorant of the like Clause, passed in another Act of the last Session, against Mutiny and Desertion; and that he had kept no such Register in his Office.

To this Paragraph he answers, That a Precept was brought him, to his Office, dated the 13th of October last, by Two of the Commissioners of Accounts; by which he was required to permit the said Two Commissioners to inspect such Offices, Books, and Papers, as they should think lit. Upon Sight of this Precept, the Paymaster assured them of his Readiness to comply with it. Upon this they asked him, whether he had kept such a Register of his regimental Accounts, as he w as required to do by a Clause in an Act, passed in the 4th and 5th of the late King and Queen (for punishing Mutiny and Desertion) and continued, by several other Acts, to the 10th of April, 1698. To this he answered, That, pursuant to the Clause aforesaid, he had, with great Labour and Pains, made up all the said regimental Accounts, belonging to his Office, from the first of April, 1692, to the 25th of March, 1699; that he had given out the said regimental Accounts, so made up, to the several Colonels, or their Agents; and that, before he did so, he had caused them all to be fairly entered, or registered, in large Books, prepared for that Purpose. Whereupon they desired to see those Books, which were immediately laid before them; and after tiiey had inspected them some time, and taken notice, how fairly they were entered, they told him, that he was obliged, by the Clause aforesaid, to attest, undpr his own Hand, or that of his Deputies, that each regimental Account, so entered, was a true Account To this the Paymaster aqswered, that he, or his Deputy, had signed all the original Accounts, delivered, as aforesaid, to the several Colonels, or their Agents; and that, having done so, lie thought, there was very little need of signing the Copies of them, entered in those Books: And when they replied to this, that the aforesaid Clause required such signing, he told them, that he had not read that Clause of a long Time, but that lie would read it, before he slept; and that he thought, he had fully complied with the Intention of it, by signing the original Accounts; given out to the Colonels, or Agents; and, if it were thought necessary, he would have the sevei al Entries of them signed by such of his Clerks, as had both entered; and examined, them; adding, that, though he entered all his Letters of Business in Books, yet he never thought it necessary to attest, or sign, those Entries. After this they asked him, whether lie had made up such regimental Accounts, pursuant to the like Clauses, passed in another Act, of the last Sessions, against Mutiny and Desertion: To which he answered, That he.had not as yet much minded that Clause, thinking, there was no great need of it, since the Forces, under his Care, were now paid regularly, as soon as the Rolls for any Muster were brought into his Office; and that, though the Letter of this last Clause had not been,1 as yet, exactly complied with, yet he had the Vouchers and Warrants, belonging to each Regiment, from Christmas last, ready to shew them, though that last Clause was to take Effect only from the 1 st of Mtu ch last.

This is a true Narrative of what passed between the said Two Commissioners, and him, on the Day aforesaid; and therefore the Paymaster cannot but wonder, that this Paragraph should so positively suggest, that he had kept no Register of the regimental Accounts, required by the aforesaid First Clause, and that even he had forgot, there was such a Clause; though he can safely say, that it cost him very near Two Years constant Trouble, in making up, and entering, the said Accounts.; which were made up with that Exactness, that the Five Commissioners of Accounts have grounded all their Certificates for Debentures upon them; and as to the last Clause, now in being, he hath since punctually complied even with the very Letter of it, from Christmas last.

These are the Answers, which the said Paymaster humbly offers to all the material Observations, contained in the Narrative of the Commissioners of Accounts; to w'hich he begs Leave now to add the Reasons, why he hath, and still doth insist, that the said Commissioners have no Authority to ravel into, or lay open, any of his Accounts, passed and declared, upon which he hath his Quietus est in due Fbrm of Law, and which have been heretofore under the Examination of any of the former Commissions of Accounts.

The First Act, appointing Commissioners of Accounts, passed in the 2d Year of the late King and Queen: The Commissioners, thereby appointed, had a general Power and Authority to examine all Accounts of publick Money between the 5th Day of November, 1688, and the 25th of January, 1691: Which Act was revived to the 25th of April, 1693, by the last Clause in the Act, granting a quarterly Poll to their Majesties, in the 3d Year of their Reign.

The next Act, appointing Commissioners of Accounts, passed in the 4th and 5th Years of their said late Majesties Reign. That Parliament, thinking, that it was no Ways reasonable, to give such Persons, as had delivered in their Accounts to the Commissioners, appointed by ' the said first-recited Act, the Trouble of accounting over again, for the same Matters, before the Commissioners, appointed by this Act, did not give them a general Power, as in the First Act, but confined and limited their Power, to take Accounts of all Monies, issued between the said 5th of November, 1688, and the 24th of April, 1694, not accounted for by virtue, or in pursuance, of the said first-recited Act, or the last Clause, touching publick Accounts, enacted in the aforesaid Act, granting a quarterly Poll.

i Ann.

jo Novembris — 1-° Decembris.

59

And the Powers of the Commissioners of Accounts, Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply Bill; appointed by an Act, made in the 5th and 6th Years of Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Land Tax. their said late Majesty's Reign, and of those appointed by whole House, upon the Bill, for granting her Majesty another Act, made in the 6th and 7th Years of his said late a Land Tax, for prosecuting the War against France and Majesty's Reign, and of those appointed by another Act, Spain. made in the 7th and 8th Years of his said late Majesty's

Reign, are all, for the same Reason, limited and confined And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

to the taking the Accounts of the publick Money, not Morning, Nine a Clock.

accounted for by virtue, or in pursuance, of any of the __________ - -__________

former Acts; and therefore the respective Commissioners, in the said Acts named, did never require an Account of any Money from any Paymaster, an Account of which had been laid before any former Commissioners.

And since the Power of the present Commissioners is given them in the very same Words, in the late Act, as was given to the respective Commissioners in the said

former Acts; viz. To take Accounts of all publick Mo- __________ __________ __________

nies, due or payable on the 5th Day of November, 1688, third Part of the Manor of in the County closurc

a m a 4 nr a T-w. a 4 U -C VT — - 1__ t WWT ft t / t . 1 . rx . 1 1 / %

Mart is, 1° die Decembris; Anno primo Attn® Regime.

PRAYERi:

MAJOR Morgan (according to Order') presented to Burtoii-. the House a Bill, for confirming a Division of a Dasset Ini

or at any Time between the said 5th Day of November, 1688, and the 25th Day of March, 1703, not accounted for by virtue, or in pursuance, of the said former Acts, or any of them; and that the publick Money, paid to the Paymaster of the Forces, between the said 5th of November, 1688, and the said last Day of March, 1692, hath been accounted for by the said Paymaster to former Comrtiissioners of Accounts, by virtue, and in pursuance, of the said former Acts; the said Paymaster did, and still doth, humbly conceive, that the present Commissioners had not a Power to require an Account of the same from him, much less to ravel into, and lay open, his said Four Accounts, passed and declared, from the 1st of January, 1687, to the said last of March, 1692, upon which their Ten Observations, and the additional Clause to them, are entirely grounded.

And the said Paymaster must further add, That in the first Act, appointing Commissioners of Accounts, which passed, as before hath been said, in the 2d Year of their late Majesty's Reign, there is a Clause, which saith,

Provided always, and it is the true Intent and Mean-

of Warwick, heretofore made by the Owners thcfeof:

And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of John Arderne, of in the Ardeme's

County of Chester, was presented to the House, and read; Estate, setting forth, That Sir John Arderne, the Petitioner's late Father, deceased, did, upon the Petitioner's Intermarriage with his now Wife Anne, settle, in .1685, several Manors, Messuages, and Lands, in the County of Chester, upon the Petitioner, and his Wife, and the Issue Male of their Two Bodies, Remainder to Ralph, Richard, and Henry Arderne, the Petitioner's Brothers, for Life, Remainder to the Heirs Males of their Bodies; that the Petitioner has no Issue Male, his Father dying in 1701, leaving his said Three Sons, and a Daughter, all above 21, utterly unprovided for, and was indebted above 2,000l. more than his personal Estate will reach to pay; that the Petitioner is willing to pay his Father's Debts, and make Provision for his Brothers, and Sister, by making an Estate, ing of this present Act, that all Accomptants to their not in Jointure, a Fund of Credit, to raise Money for Majesties, of all such Sum or Sums of Money, so by those Purposes; but the same cannot be done (as advised) " them received, and issued, or to be received, and issued, without the Aid of an Act of Parliament, though all " as aforesaid, shall render and make their respective Parties concerned are consenting: And praying, that " Accounts, in their Majesties Court of Exchequer, Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, to enable the " according to the usual Course of the said Court; any Petitioner to raise Money upon his Estate, for the Paything contained in this Act to the contrary notwith- ment of his Father's Debts, and providing Portions for " standingWhich Clause is revived in all the Five his said Brothers, and Sister.

succeeding Acts, and in the present Act: Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, ac-

And that, though this Clause was certainly intended cording to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. for the Ease and Quiet of Accomptants, yet it will prove John Conyers and Mr. Thomas Conyers do prepare, and altogether useless to them, if their Accounts, when bring in, the same.

passed, and declared, according to the Direction of this Clause; shall be laid open, and unravelled.

AH which the said Paymaster humbly submits to the Judgment of this Honourable House.

Monday, November the 30th, 1702.

Ranelagh.

Mr. Hamond/according to Order) presented to the Public Ac-

House a Bill, for taking, examining, and stating, the counLs-publick Accounts of the Kingdom; And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of Accounts have a Copy of the said Answer delivered to them.

Ordered, That (upon the Desire of the Commissioners) Thursday next be appointed, for them to deliver in their Reply to the said Answer.

A Bill, for making the River Darwent, in the County Darwent

" ' ... ‘ ' ' Navigation

Provision for Prince of Denmark.

of Derby, navigable, was read a Second time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Harpur, Mr. SI Mr. Stanhope, Sir Edw. Turner, Sir Gilbert Mr. Dyot, Mr. Gery, Sir John Mordent,

Mr. Johnson, Mr. Mr. Nicholson, Mr. England,

Mr. Crosse, Mr. Mr. Renda, Mr. Chehvynd, Mr.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Gregory, Mr. Masters, Mr. Mr. Child, Mr.

Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Mountague, Mr. Mr. Lonether, Sir John Fleet,

the Provision to be made for his Royal Highness Prince Mr. Mr, Sir Tho. Hales, Mr.

George of Denmark, in case he shall survive her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning. '

Vo l. 14.

Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Webb, Mr. Wilkins, Mr. Curson; and all that serve for the Counties of Stafford, Leicester, and Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Mayor, and Burgesses, of the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, was presented to tire House, and read; setting forth, that there is a Bill in the House, for the making the River Darwent, in the County of Derby, navigable; which, if it should pacs,

will

Ditto.

Colchester

Writ

Queen's Bench and Fleet Pri sons.

Cham Navigation.

Williams

Estate-

Supply Bill; Annuities.

St. Paul's Cathedral.

t>o ib Etecembris A. 1702.

will impoverish 6ie Betitionkre Families, by diverting their Trades, lessening their Tolls, lowering the Kents of Lands thereabouts, and will be the utter Ruin of many Families, whose only Support is to bring Lead, Salt, and other Commodities, frdm several Parts to Nottingham, and carry back Malt, and other Goods, by Land-carriage; and many other evil Consequences will attend the Petitioners, if the said Bill do pass i And praying to be heard by Counsel, before the passing of the said Bill.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Said Bill is committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Colchester, in the County of Essex, in the Room of Sir Isaac Reboot, Knight whose Election hath been declared to be void.

Ordered, That M r. Vernon, Mr. Blofeild, Mr.

Mr. North, Mr. Brewer, Lord Sir Onslow, Mr. Egerton, be added to the Committee, to whom

the Bill, for Prevention of Escapes out of the Queen's Bench and Fleet Prisons, is committed.

Ordered, That Sir Fran. Blake, Mr. Clayton, Colonel Colchester, Mr. Gape, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Bertie, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill, for clearing and making the River Cham, alias Grant, more navigable, from Clayhixe Ferry, in the County of Cambridge, unto

the Queen s Mill in the Town of Cambridge, is committed.

A Bill, to enable Sir Edward Williams to sell certain Manors and Lands, in the Counties of Brecon and Radnor, for Payment of Debts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Francis Windham, Mr. Harvey, Colonel Stringer, Mr. Crosse, Mr. Renda, Mr. Wilde, Mr. Stonehouse, Mr. Mount ague, Mr. Childe, Sir Cha. Barrington, Mr Air.

Price, Mr. Jeffries, Sir John > Mr. Air.

Floyd, Mr. Alcyridc, - Mr. Gen/, Sir Jacob Air.

Hungerford, Sir Edward Turn;and all that serve for North and South Wales, and Counties of Hereford and Salop: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Afr. Lowndes (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, for purchasing Annuities in the Exchequer: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House being acquainted, that Sir Christopher Wren, from the Commissioners for building the Cathedral Church of St. Paul's, attended, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, Estimates for the finishing the said Cathedral Church; viz.

An Estimate of Materials, and Work, for finishing the Cathedral Church of St. Pauls in Five Years, from the End of 1702:

A Plan of the Houses near , proposed to be purchased, and removed, for better securing the said Cathedral from Fire, with the State and Value of the same:

A State of the present Revenue for building St. Pauls, with an Estimate of the further Produce of it, and of an additional Fund proposed, and how both together will answer the computed Charge of finishing, adorning, and securing, the said Cathedral, in Five Years, from the End of 1702.

And the Titles thereof were read.

And the said Estimate and State are, as follow:

The said ESTIMATE.

pORTLAbfD and other Stone, with Freight, Cranage, Wharfage, and Cartage 6 - -J Masons Work, with Lime and Sand for setting Timber, Nails, and Carpenters Work - _ Carvers, in carving great and small Bas Re-) lievoes, Capitals, and Mouldings, &c. -Bricks, Lime, Sand, and Brick-work -

Plumber, for Lead, Solder, Pipes, and Work -Glaziers, for Glass, and Work - - - - -Smiths, for Iron, and Work ——

Plaisterers, for Materials, and Work - - -Joiners, for Materials, and Work, in the Con-) sistory, and Library ----- -- -J

Marble and other Step, with Workmanship Marble, and other Paving, with Workmanship Doon, great and small, with Ironwork apd Locks Fine Iron-work, to inclose the Side Isles, and) thfc Consistory ----- -- - -j

Statues, and Urns, round the Outside of the) Church, and Dome ----- - -J

Hoisting up Stone and other Materials - - -Cleansing the Inside of the Church, and Dome,) and laying it in Oil ----- - -j

Stone Lantern, with Copper-work, and Gilding Clock, Bells, and Font ——

Inclosing the Church-yard with Stoups of Stone, A and rurbeck Step between, with outside spa- f puled Paving, and leveling, ip and about the Church, with carting away Rubbish -j

c

51,017

39,262

n,052

1|,4»4 4,6oft 7,45» ,630 5,836 537 3,8oo

2>95a

5,078

80ft

500

7,200

6>9»?

4.500

!,7QQ

3.000

5.500

Total, - v £. 184,76

The said Statu of the present Rjevinue, S/c.

The Revenue is Part of a Duty on Coals in the Port of London, continued to Michaelmas 17 J 6.

The whole Duty is 12d. per Chal-l £. droo, and, one Year with another, > 15,000 may amount to, per Annum -)

Whereof i, or 2 d,pern Chaldron, is appro- £. priated to the Repair >2,500 '

of WtestminslerAbbey; ktii. per Annum - -J And -f of the Remainder, or 2d. per Chaldron more, is applicable to perfecting the paro-L chial Churches of)2' *

London, and will be little enough for that Purpose; viz. - -

d.

o

* - 5,®«>

s.

[Remains for St, Paul's ] per Annum 10,000 Whereout deducting 4 d.per Pound, allowed by Act of Parliament for collecting, paying, 8yc. which will be a> 166 13 4 standing Charge to the End of the 1 Term; viz. ----- - -J — . —

Neat Income is ----- - - 9,833 6 ft

Which, when the following Charges are defrayed out of it; viz.

Scaffolding, Sheeting, Capstems,

Ladders, Engines, Ropes, Repair of Portland Ways and Cranes, Wharfs, Wages to Day- 3.780 labourersandWatchmen, Books,

Vellom, Paper, and other inci-dentCharges, about, per Annum Salaries to Officers, and Clerks,) employed about the Building -j

475

----- 4,255 o o

Remainder will be.

5.578

6 8

These Words are supplied from the Original.

Which,

i° Decembr

i Ann. i° Decembris. i

Which, at 5 /. per Cent, per Annum, is worth, in ready Money, about ----- And, in case the Building be finished in Five Years, as proposed, there will be the Advantage of)

4,255 //from the End thereof, to Michaelmas 1716, which may yield in ready Money about -j And ttus is the utmost, that can be expected from the present Duty; -

From which deducting the present Debts, charged thereon; viz. £ s. d.

At Interest - -- 35,000 o o

For Work, Materials, and Management - - - - 15,931 15 3

Ali, that is left of the present Duty, for carrying on the Fabrick, is but -

Now the Estimate, for finishing and adorning the Cathedral, amounts to -And the Charge of purchasing and removing such Houses, as expose the Church to Accidents by )

Fire, by Paper, N# 2, is computed to-. ——

The whole Charge is ——

Towards which the present Duty will but pay, as before computed -So that there wants, for finishing, adorning, and securing, the Cathedral, about -

Which 170,000 /. is proposed to be raised by a Duty of Two Shillings per Chaldron on Coals, for Eight Years, from the 15 of May, 1708; and, if complied with, the Method of advancing it, for the Uses of the Fabrick, may be viewed in the following Scheme; viz,

PRINCIPAL, proposed to be raised on the neWDuty.

53,809 0 0

22,608 0 0

76,417 0 0

50,931 15 3

5,485 4 9

184,762 0 0

11,000 0 0

195,762 0 0

25.485 4 9

170,276 15 3

Anno At the Beginning of the Year. At6 Months. At the Years End. Total. Interest. Total of Principal and Interest.

£ £ £ £ £ What remains of the present Duty, is

1703. . 5,000 5,000 10,000 125 10,125 proposed to be made use of this Year for the Fabrick. Note, 11,000l. of the Money, taken

4 15,000 20,000 10,000 45,000 1,750 46,750 up this Year, is proposed lor Purchases.

5- 15,000 15,000 10,000 40,000 3,875 43,875

6. 15,000 15,000 15,000 45,000, 5,875 50,875

7. 15,000 9,000 6,000 30,000 7,975 37,975

60,000 64,000 46,000 170,000 19,600

o

10

rf.

o

o

Publick

Accounts.

Running of Brandy.

So that the Debt on the new Duty, at the End of Five Years, w ill be - - - 189,000

And the Interest of 170,000l. from the End of 1707, to the Commencement of the new Duty,) , 0g2

viz. from Lady Day to the 15th May, 1708, will bo ----- - -y ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ! ——

Whereby the whole Debt on the new Duty, at its Commencement, will be - - - - 190,662 10

And it being reckoned at 29,500 /. per Annum, over and above all Charges, it is worth, in ready) Q gg Money, about - - j 9 > 4 3

Which is but 2/. 35. 10 d.more than making good and answering the Estimates.

r, T-V 1 l .,

bam. Dashwood, Mayor.

London.'

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Ta- other substantial Tradesmen, may be permitted to sell

ble, to be perused by the Memberyof the House, until the Brandy, and Strong Waters, w ithout taking Licences;

x Bill, for finishing the said Church, shall be brought in and to prevent the running of foreign Brandy.

a tvii c4. 1: . ... , Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for

A Bui, for taking, examining, and stating, the publick r\- ,f , '

a . f., ./ , 0 ,ij.°' . 1 the encouraging the Consumption of malted Corn: and

Accounts of the Kingdom, was read the First time. e 5 5? r c v n 4

n 1 j rru . d:ii u j 4 for preventing the frauds in running of Brandy:

Rooked, That the Bill be read a Second time. sirK , Fka, Mr. Wdpdc, Mr. How, Ut.

A Petition of the Master and Wardens of the-Company - Moor, and Sir Gilbert Ueathcott, do prepare, and bring of Distillers, London, on behalf of themselves, and others, in, the Bill, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

that by Act of Parliament, made in the 2d Year of his late Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the prov;s;on for

Majesty's Reign, the Petitioners were encouraged to distil Committee of the whole House, who are to consider fur- prince of Brandy, and Strong Waters, from malted Corn, and they therof the Provision to be made for his Royal Highness Denmark, weekly consumed many thousand Quarters of malted Prince George of Denmark, in case he shall survive her Com, which was not fit for the Brewers; but of late they Majesty, the Resolution, winch they had directed him to do not spend half what they used to do, by reason many report to the House; which he read in his Place, and . unskilful Persons, who are under no Regulation, have set after wards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the up the Distillers Trade, and make unwholsome Brandies, same was read, and is, as followeth; and Strong Waters, to the Disreputation of the Petitioners Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Commodities, both at borne and abroad; the Petitioners That the Provision for his Royal Highness Prince George Trade is also very much lessened,' by reason of a Clause in of Denmark, in case he shall survive her Majesty, be One a late Act of Parliament, which obliges most of the sub- hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, stantial Traders in all the Market Towns in England, who The said Resolution being read a Second time;

sell Brandy, and Strong Waters, by Retail in their Shops, Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Com-

to take out Licences, as common Alehouse-keepers, mittee in the said Resolution, That the Provision for his although their chief Dealing is in other Commodities, 0 Royal Highness Prince George of Denmark, in case he that many of them have left off selling Brandy: And shall survive her Majesty, be One hundred thousand praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, to Pounds per Annum.

prevent the making of unwholsome and unmerchantable Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

Brandy, and Strong Waters; and that the Petitioners, and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

tol. 1-1.

Q

consider

Poor.

Wcitbury

Election.

61 i Decembris. 1702.

consider of Ways for raising the Provision, made for his Royal Highness Prince George of Denmark, in case he shall survive her Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for the better Provision for, and settling the Poor, in Places extra-parochial;

And the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fort-nigh tj resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Bromley (according to Order) reported, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared- to the said Committee, touching the Election for the Borough of Westbury, in the County of Wilts, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are, as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of Henry Bertie, and Robert Bertie, Esquires, complaining of an undue Election and Return of William Trenchard and Thomas Phipps, Esquires, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of West bury:

That the Poll stands thus:

For Mr. Robert Bertie, 24.

For Mr. Henry Bertie, 22.

For Mr. Trenchard, 30.

For Mr. Phipps, 28.

That the Petitioners Counsel insisted, that this is a Borough by Prescription; and that the Right of Election is in the Owners of Burgage Houses, either Freeholders, or such, as hold immediately of the Lord for Lives, or by Lease for Years, and reside in the Borough.

That the Counsel for the Sitting Members agreed, the Right to be, as opened; only denied, the Leaseholders for Years had any Right to vote, unless their Leases were determinable upon Lives.

That they further agreed. Burgage Houses were known, by paying a Burgage Rent.

Several Witnesses were called, to speak to the Right of Leaseholders, for Years absolute, Robert Cat. to vote at the Election of Members, to serve enj. oune. parijament for this Borough; who said, they had known the Borough several Years; and that such Tenants were always reputed to have a right, if they lived in the Borough; and that one Brown, who had only a Lease for Years, had voted: And Robert Cox said, he knew Bi'own's Lease was for 99 Years absolute, because

he bought it of him, and there were but Nine Years to coine, when he bought it.

John Coward, That, in Answer to this, Witnesses were Tho. Mtin. called, who said, they had known this Borough many Years: That Freehold, and some Copyhold, Leases, if they paid a Burgage Rent, had a Right to vote; but that they had not heard, that Leaseholders, for Years absolute, had any Right to vote: And one of them said, he believed, Brown's Lease was for Lives.

That the Committee came to this Resolution:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Tenants of Burgage Houses, by Lease for Years absolute, have a Right to vote in the Election of Members, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of West bury, in the County of Wilts.

That the Petitioners Counsel then objected to several, that did not reside in the Borough at the Time of the Election.

Jane Hough said, that Edward Patient's Family was in the Town, and not in the Borough, at the Time of the Election; and that she had heard him say, he would lodge in the Borough, to pleasure Mr. Phipps and Mr. Trenchard in voting; and wished the Election over, that he might return to his Family again.

Ben. Ror«csaid, that JohnCoward and Nicholas Coward lived out of the Borough, but were often in the Borough, and lived in a Tenement with one Moor: But it was owned, they had always a little Shop in the Borough, being Card-makers by Trade.

That it was affirmed on the other Side, that John Cowdrd lived in the Borough, and his Daughter lived with him; and that Nicholas Coward had lived in the Borough since April: But it was affirmed, that in Moors House there was room only for Two Beds; and yet, at the Election, he pretended to have 12 Persons in his Family.

That Matthew Neat was at Moor's House, but pretended to an House in the Borough.

That, on the other Side, it was answered, that he, and his Family, had lived in the Borough ever since April.

Ben. Borne, Sam. Switters,said, that John Cockle lived

in the Tything, out of the Borough, and only lodged at his Brother's at the Time of the Election: But on the other Side it was affirmed, that John Cockle had a Burgage House.

James Edgill said, that Samuel Wherat's Estate was a Copyhold, and his Father was to enjoy it for his Life.

That to this it was answered, that was admitted

Tenant at the last Court.

Ben. Borne said, that Henry Murjitt had no Burgage House; and that what he paid, was only a Year for an Encroachment, not for Burgage Rent, which he had collected on that Account

That, on the other Side, it was affirmed to be a Burgage House; and that one Thomas Holdway voted for it formerly.

Edward Taylor said, that Richard Clarey lived in a Burgage House with his Mother, whose House it was: But an Assignment was produced from his Mother, 4th May last.

Cox said, that John Withers lived only in Part of an House: But it was affirmed, his Grandfather had given him the Inheritance of the whole.

Ben. Borne said, that Walter Smith's Mother is in Possession of the House, where he lives, and stands in the Rent-roll, as Tenant: But there was produced an Assignment to him from his Mother, dated the 1st of May last.

That after this the Petitioners Counsel proceeded to shew, that several Votes wrere obtained by Bribes.

Samuel Sicklin said, that there was a Debt owing long

since from John Phips, deceased, which Mr. the

Sitting Member, paid a little before the Election.

To which it was answered, that he was his Administrator, and had Effects in his Hands, to pay his Debts.

Samuel Sweetlandsaid, his Father, William Sweetland,

had a Bill from one Paul Phipps, a Relation of Mr. Phips, for 20/. and that his Father told him, he had some Money lent him, in Consideration of his voting: But one Robert Downing said, it was only a Bill of Exchange, and that he had repaid the Money.

John Humphreys said, that Jonathan Axford, the Mayor, voted for the Sitting Members; and that he declared, he had been out of Pocket 20/. in his Mayoralty, and whosoever he returned, should reimburse him, and give him Security, to indemnify him in making the Return.

That Witnesses were called to ill Practices in general.

John Hancock said, Mr. Phipps, at his own House, about a Month before the Election, proferred him 20/. if he would vote for him; and that he was offered half a Tun of Iron, being a Blacksmith: But Robert Downing and Henry Murjitt testified, that Hancock told him, Three Days after the Election, Mr. Phipps never asked him for his Vote, nor offered him any Money.

John Sly said, that, about Two Months before the Election, Mr. Phipps told him, that if he would vote for him, he would give 80/. or \ool. amongst the Voters.

Richard King said, that Mr. Phipps asked him for his Vote, and told him, he should have what Money he wanted. William Pierson testifyed, that King, Three Weeks after the Election, solicited him to be a Witness against Mr. Phipps, and told him, he should have 30/. to pay Mr. Bates, to whom he was indebted.

William

i Ann i — 2° Decembris. 3

William, Jordan said, that, about Two Months before the Election, Mr. Trenchardasked him for his Vote; and

that, being a Tallow-chandler, Mr. Trenchant told him, he had an Interest in Ireland, and would help him to 2 or 300l. worth of Tallow in Ireland, from a good Hand, and pass his Word for it.

But I ViUiam Cockle,being examined on Mr.

Behalf, said, he was with Jordan at Mr. Trenchard's House, and when the Discourse was; and that it was only a general Discourse about helping him to Tallow in Ireland, but with no respect to his voting.

That the Sitting Members Counsel insisted, that it did not appear, what Residence was necessary to give a Right to vote at this Election; but produced several, who said, that, at the Election to the Oxon Parliament, they remembered, some had voted, and were not objected against, that had lived only Two or Three Days, or a Week, in the Borough.

William Ficrton, They afterwards endeavoured to rccrimi-Fn>. Amyett. nate. an(j called Witnesses, who said, that Robert Cox and Ben. Borne offered to Pierson

Two Trees, worth 5/. to vote for the Petitioners; and that Samuel Gibbs and John Humphryes threatened, he should have no further Estate iu his House, if he did not vote for the Petitioners.

That Gibbs was an Agent for the Earl of Abingdon, and threatened, that, if he voted against that Lord's Interest, he should never have his Lease; neither has be it yet, though granted.

Austin, Robert Forster, said, that Samuel Gibbs declared, that, if the Petitioners had only Ten Votes, they would carry it in the Parliament-house.

Dozening said, that John Millis offered him Two Lives in this House, if he would be for the Petitioners; and to give him a Bond of 30/. to make it good.

Martin Taylor said, that John Davis told him, he had a mind to renew his Estate, and was kept off from it; and that Mr. Moor, the Earl of Abingdon's Chaplain, promised him, he should renew; which was the Reason he voted for the Petitioners.

That some Witnesses s|K>ke to their having Leases, granted by the Lord of the Manor, but that they were detained from them: To which it was answered, they were so detained, either, because they had not paid all their Fines, or their Fees to the Steward, or else, because no Court had been held, since they were granted.

That the Counsel for the Sitting Members called one Thomas Browne,to speak to some Bonds, of 20 /. being

iven by the Tenants, to vote for the Earl of Abingdon's nterest, as long as they lived: He said, he had given such a Bond to Edmund Bay ley; and that Bayley told him, if his Father and he did not give it, they should have no Lease.

John Amyett spoke to the same Effect; and that they had voted for Mr. Trenchard and Mr. Phipps, but the Bonds were not sued.

That the Petitioners Counsel offered to call Witnesses, to prove, that these Bonds were given above Years since, and had been all of them publickly cancelled, and destroyed, long before this last Election, in the late King's Life-time, in the Presence of those that gave them, and others, by the Direction of Mr. Robert Bertie, one of the Petitioners, as soon as the said Petitioner had any Notice of those Bonds. '

But the Counsel was ordered to withdraw, and the Committee came to the following Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That William Trenchard, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Westbury,in the County of

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Thomas Phips, Esquire, is not duly elected a Bur-

gess, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Westbury, in the County of Wilts.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Heniy Bertie, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Westbury, in the County of Wilts.

V oh. 14.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that Robert Bertie, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Westbury, in the County of Wilts.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the Borough of Westbury, in the County of Wilts, by rasing out the Names of William Trenchard, Esquire, and Thomus Phipps, Esquire, and inserting, instead thereof, Henry Bertie, Esquire, and Robert Bertie, Esquire.

The House being informed, that there is a new Writ issued only to the Sheriff of the County of Stafford, lor the electing a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Tamworth,whereas the Borough is also

within the County of JVarwick;

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do make out a Supersedeas to the Writ, by him lately made out, and directed to the Sheriff of the County of Stafford only; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Writ, directed to the Sheriff of the County of JVarwick, and another Writ, directed to the Sheriff' of the County of Stafford, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Tamworth, in the room of the honourable Henry Thyn, Esquire, w ho hath made hisElection to serve for the Borough of IVeymouth, in the County of

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 2# di Decembris;

Anno primo Annas Regina.

Praters.

SIR JVulter Clarges presented to the House a Bill, for encouraging the Navigation with respect to the Coal Trade, and preventing some Abuses in the same: And the same w-as received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Friday Morning next.

The Clerk of the Crown attended, and (according to Order) amended the Return for the Borough of Westbury, in the County of Wilts.

A Petition of Jonathan Castlcman, of Coubertley, in the County of Gloucester, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner's Father, in 1674, by his last Will, devised all his Manors, Lands, and Estate, in Gloucestershire, to Trustees, to pay a Rent-charge of 250/. per Annum to his Wife, and to pay his Debts, and to raise 3,600l. for Seven younger Children; and, after Payment of the said Portions, he devised the same to the Petitioner, and his Sons, in Tail Male, without Impeachment of Waste, Remainder to the other Sons of the Devisor, in like Manner; that there is a considerable Quantity of Timber upon the said Estate, which the Petitioner would willingly preserve for the Benefit of the Inheritance, having paid his Brothers and Sister's Portions with his Wife's Fortune, and, having Five Children, he must be under a Necessity of cutting down the same, unless he may have a Power to charge the Estate with 3,600l. for his younger Children, as also to supply an apparent Omission in the Power, limited in his Father's Will) for the making of Leases, all Parties concerned being consenting the reunto: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for making Provision for his younger Children, and for supplying an Omission, in his Father's Will, of a Power for making Leases.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. How and Mr. Brett do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr.

Westbury

Election.

Tamworth

Writ.

Coal Trade.

Westbury

Return

amended.

Castleman'e

Will.

StawelPs

Estate.

Marsbam's

Estate.

Privilege — a Person petitions for Discharge.

Creditors on certain Duties.

Bowes'

Estate.

64, 2° Decembris. A. 1702.

Mr. Hoblyn reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill, to enable William C, and others, to make a speedy Sale of Lands, for Payment of the Debts and Legacies of William Staxcell, Esquire, deceased, according to the Intent of his W ill, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill, for rectifying a Mistake in a late Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable Sir Robert Marsham, Knight and Baronet, to dispose of Lands in Hertfordshire, and to settle other Lands, of better Value, to the same Uses, in Kent, as the Lands in are settled, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for rectifying a Mistake in a late Act, intituled, An Act to enable Sir Robert Marsham, Knight and Baronet, to dispose of Lands in Hertfordshire, and to settle other Lands, of better Value, in to the same Uses, as the Lands in Hertfordshire are settled.

Ordered, That Mr. Mountague do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Petition of John Wheely (in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, for corrupt Practices, in endeavouring to procure Sir Isaac to be elected a

Burgess for the Borough of Colchester) was presented to the House, and read; acknowledging his Offence, and expressing his hearty Sorrow, that he should incur the Displeasure of this House; and begging Pardon for the same; and praying that he may be discharged from his Confinement.

Ordered, That the said John Wheely be brought to the Bar Tomorrow Morning, in order to his Discharge.

A Petition of several Persons, on Behalf of themselves, and many others, who did advance, and pay into the Receipt of his late Majesty's Exchequer, the Sum of Five hundred Sixty-four thousand Seven hundred Pounds, on the Credit of an Act of Parliament, made in the 6th and 7th Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for granting certain Rates and Duties upon Stone, Glass, and earthen Wares, Coal, and Culm, for the Term of Five Years, for carrying on the War against France, impowering his Majesty to borrow the said Sum, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that all the said Duties were taken away the very next Session after the granting of the same, and there being above 500,000l. Principal now due to the Petitioners, the same was, the last Session of Parliament, provided for by several Funds, which will commence after the 1st of August, 1706, but no Provision is made for Payment of Interest, that will grow due before that Time; which is very prejudicial to all Persons concerned, especially those, who have nothing else to subsist on: And praying, that some Provision may be made for the Payment of the yearly Interest of the Money remaining unpaid of the said Sum.

Ordered, That it be referred to a Committee, to compute the Interest of the Money, remaining due to the Petitioners.

And it is referred to Sir Gilbert Heathcott, Sir John Fleet, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Rich. Ons/orv, Mr. Clark, Sir Fra. Child, Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Mr. Moncton, Sir Jeffry Jeffries, Mr. How, or any Five of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Comyns (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, for vesting in Trustees an Estate, lying in

the County of Essex, and Two Tenements in the City of London, for Payment of the Debts and Legacies of Thomas Harlackenden Bowes, Esquire, deceased, and preserving the rest clear of Charges: And the same was received.

Sir Matthew Dudley (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, for enlarging the Time for taking the Oath of Abjuration, and also for recapacitating and indemnifying such Persons, as have not taken the same by the Time, and shall take the same by a Time to be, appointed: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second time.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, for finishing, adorning, and securing, the CathedralClmrchof.SV.PtfM/s: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House being informed, that Baggs and John Trenchard, Esquires, Two of the Trustees for the forfeited Estates in Ireland, attended, according to Order, they were called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House several Books, and Papers, with a Schedule of them; and also, a Memorial of the said Two Trustees.

And then they withdrew'.

And the Memorial was read, and is, as followeth; viz.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens and Burgesses,

in Parliament assembled:

The humble Memorial of John Baggs and John Trenchard, Two of the Trustees of the forfeited Estates in Ireland,

Sheweth,

THAT many great Estates (and particularly the forfeited Estate of the late Earl of Clancarthy) are subject to one intire Quit-rent, that may be levied upon any Part of it; which does obstruct the Sales of such Forfeitures, few Persons being willing to purchase Lands, subject to he distrained for Rents greater than their Value.

2. Many Estates (whereof an Interest for Life only remains vested in the Trustees) are subject to great Incumbrances, which were contracted, before the Estates were settled, and will swallow up the whole Interests for Lives, unless some Power be given, to throw a proportionable Part of the Tncumbrances upon the Reversions, according to the Course of Courts of Equity.

3dly, Many Statutes, Judgments, and other Debts, as also great Part of the Rents, that shall become due from this Time, will (we fear) be lost to the Publick, unless some Summary Method be directed, for the Recovery of them, the Trustees being objiged to sue for them in the ordinary Courts of Justice, where it will not be difficult to make Delays, till the Expiration of our Commission.

4thly, There is a Notion industriously spread about in Ireland, that the Adjudications, made by the Trustees, and the Titles of those Lands they shall sell, pursuant to them, are subject to the Re-examination of other Courts there: And though we conceive, the Act of Resumption leaves little Colour to countenance that Construction; yet such an Opinion, generally promoted, and believed, may have the same ill Consequences upon our Sales, as if it was better grounded.

All which the Trustees are apprehensive may tend to the depreciating the Forfeitures; and therefore thought it their Duty, and accordingly have directed us, to represent the same to your Honours; that such Provision may be made for the Remedy thereof, as to your Honours, in your great Wisdom, shall seerrt meet.

J. Baggs,

John Trenchard.

And the said Schedule of the Books, and Papers, is as followeth; viz.

Ireland.

1st, A Rent Roll of the Forfeitures, for Three Years and half, beginning the 2d of November, 1699, and ending

the

Oath of Ab juration.

St. Paul t Cathedral.

Irish For-ttn tures.

i Ann. 3° Decembris. 65

the 2d of May, 1703; with an Abstract of the Whole -at the End.

Tills Account is made up exactly for Seven of the Eleven Districts, the other Four (as to the First Year and Half only) being unfinished, but will shortly be sent over, the Receivers for those Districts being now passing their Accounts; but the Variation will be very inconsiderable.

2d, An Abstract of the Receivers Accounts, for the said Seven Districts, from the 2d of November, 1699, to the 2d November, 1701, being Two Years; wherein is distinguished, what is received, what in Arrear, and , what respited to Incumbrances.

3d, A particular of Arrears, to make good the said Abstract.

4th, A particular Account, what has been paid to In

cum bran cers.

5th, An Abstract of all Receipts, and Payments, from the Beginning of the Execution of the Trust to the 29th of September last; distinguishing, how much is received, and paid, on every Head.

6th, A particular Account of all Monies paid to the Trustees, their Officers, and Clerks, 8$c. for Two Years and a Quarter.

7th, An Account of Incumbrances reported; with a Computation of what Proportion of the Whole is on Estates, that remain vested in the Trustees.

Sth, An Estimate of Incumbrances reported.

9th, An Abstract of the Forfeitures; distinguishing what Part thereof are vested in Fee, what for Life, and what for Years; together with what Incumbrances are to be deducted out of the Whole.

J. Boggs.

John 1'renchard.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock,

Jovis, 3° Die Dece

Anno primo Ann® Regina.

Praters.

A BILL for enabling Andrexo Hacket, Esquire, to Hacket'i dispose of several Messuages, and I,ands, in the Eslate Counties of Stafford and Warwick, and City of Litchfield, for making Provision for his younger Children, upon set-' . tling another Estate, in Stroxton in Lincolnshire, of better Value, to the same Uses, as the said Estate in the Counties of Stafford and Warwick, and City of Litchfield, ja now settled, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Tho-rdd, Sir Edw. Hussey, Mr. Moncton, Sir Mr. Topham, Mr. Eyres, Mr. Hicks, Mr. Lee, Mr. Shoe kerly, Mr. Masters, Mr. Clark, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Crosse,

Sir Robert Jetikinson, Mr. Price, Sir RSir

Massam, Mr. Gape, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Mountague, Sir Walter Clarges, Mr. Clayton, Sir Math. Jennison, Mr.

Snell; and all that serve for the Counties of Stafford,

Wanoick, and Lincolne: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir John Kay (according to Order) presented to the Small Debts. House a Bill, for the more easy Recovery of small Debts:

And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question befog put, That the Bill be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, take into Consideration the said Memorial, and the said Books, and other Papers.

Ordered, That the said Trustees do, on Tuesday Morning next, lay before this House an Account, to what Value the Forfeitures in Ireland will be lessened, by reason of the Bills, and Clauses, passed the last Session of Parliament.

Privilege: — Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Matter,

influencing relating to William Lord Bishop of Wmaster, be ad-BisbopTof joumed till this Day Sevennight.

Worcester.

Provision for The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Prince of Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways for Denmark. raising the Provision, made for his Royal Highness Prince George of Denmark, in case he shall survive her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Pagit (according to Order) presented to the House Raising the a Bill, for raising the Militia of this Kingdom, for the Militia. Year 1703, notwithstanding the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for Ease of She-the greater Ease of Sheriffs, in executing their Officer riff®, and in passing their Accounts; and that Mr. and Mr. Tredenham do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The House being informed, That John Whcely was Privileges —

brought, according to Order;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That he be now brought to the Bar of the House;

The House divided;

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,

Sir Rushout Cullen,

Mr. Walpole:

Tellers for the Noes,

Mr. Tredenham,

Sir Edward Turner:

So it passed in the Negative.

106.

152.

A Person petitioning for Discharge, not brought to Bar.

Supply Bill; The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Lami Tax. Committee of die whole House, upon the Bill, for granting her Majesty a Land Tax, for prosecuting the War against France and Spain.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had made some Progress in the Bill, to them committed; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

Vol. 14.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Provision for Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Prj »« of to consider of Ways for raising the Provision made for i 11 1 . his Royal Highness Prince George of in case he shall survive her Majesty, the Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which be read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Provision of One hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, for his Royal Highness Prince George of Denmark, in case he shall survive her Majesty, be supplied out of the Revenues of the hereditary Excise and general Post-Office; together with her Majesty's Palaces of Kensington and Wincheste r.

'Fhe said Resolution befog read a Second time;

R Resolved?

Earl of R&-nelagh's Accounts.

66 30 Decembns. i

Resotced, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Provision of One hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, for his Royal Highness Prince George of Denmark, in case he shall survive her Majesty, be supplied out of the Revenues of the hereditary Excise and general Post-office; together with her Majesty's Palaces of Kensington and Winchester.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution; and that Mr. Solicitor-general, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Ettrick, Mr. Webb, and Mr. ,do prepare,

and bring in, the same.

Sir Godfrey Copley, from the Commissioners for taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, acquainted the House, that he had their Reply to the Answer of the Earl of to their Narra-

tive, or Observations, in relation to his Lordship's Accounts } and he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered [it] in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is, as followeth; viz.

The Reply of the Commissioners, appointed by Act of Parliament to take, examine, and state, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, to the Answer of Richard Earl of Ranelagh, Paymaster-general of her Majesty's Forces, to their Narrative, or Observations upon the said Paymasters Accounts.

YOUR Commissioners do, in the first Place, return you their humble Thanks, for having ordered them a Copy of the Answer of the Paymaster of her Majesty's Land Forces to their Narrative, and Observations on his Accounts, and for your allowing them so short a Day to deliver in their Reply to the same; whereby they have an early Opportunity of justifying themselves, and their Proceedings.

Your Commissioners knew, that they had reported Matter of Fact so faithfully to you, and that their Observations were so well grounded, that little Time could be requisite for their Reply. In this Opinion they are abundantly confirmed by his Lordship's Answer; and therefore shall not offer you other Reply in Writing, than this, that follows.

That, in relating Matter of Fact, his Lordship is very much mistaken, and has plainly misrepresented it in many Particulars.

That, in his Answers to your Commissioners Ten Observations, some of the Facts he owns, and justifies; upon which you only are to judge betwixt his Lordship, and your Commissioners: As to others, his Answers are generally evasive. Where he denies any thing, charged by your Commissioners, they are ready to make good the same.

His Lordship's Answers to their Animadversions on his Accounts, not passed, are in the like Manner.

As to what his Lordship relates of the Two Commissioners, who were sent to see the Register, he was required by Act of Parliament to keep in his Office, they crave Leave to lay the Report of those two Commissioners before you, as they agreed it, immediately upon their Return from the Pay-office, and as it was then entered in their Books.

Mortis, 13 Octobris, 1702.

" Two of the Commissionershavingattended the Earl of u Ranelagh at the Pay-office, with a Precept to his Lord-‘‘ ship [to permit ] them to inspect such Offices, Books, " and Papers, as they should think fit, they reported, " that, delivering the Precept to his Lordship, he asked,

" what Books they did desire to see; he was very willing " to shew them any he had. Then his Lordship was " acquainted, the Books, the Commissioners of Accounts " had desired them to inspect in his office, were tire " Regimental Accounts, which the Paymaster of the Army, or his Deputy, was obliged (by the Act, that " passed Anno 4 et 5 JV. et for punishing Officers, and Soldiers, &;c. and was afterwards yearly continued to the 10th of April, 1698) to make up on the

ist of July, 1693, or within Six Days after, with the Colonel of every Regiment in their Majesties Service,

£] These Words are Supplied from the Original.

" or his Agent. His Lordship said, he knew not, whether any such Books were in his Office; he trusted " to Mr. Abbott, who was a very careful Man; he would " esquire, what Books there were, and would soon wait " on the Commissioners, and give them an Account.

" We desired, we might now see, what Books were in the Office. His Lordship then said, there were Two " large Books, in which these Accounts, for that. Time,

" were kept; and called for Mr. Pigeon, who was asked " for such Books. Mr. Pigeon seemed a Stranger to this " Clause in the Act of Parliament; mentioned the Two " great Books, and, at our Desire, brought them to us.

" We looked into them, and found them to contain Accounts of his Lordship's Payments to several Regiments;

" and were told, they were from the 1st of April, 1692,

" to the 25th March, 1699; but none of the Regimental " Payments were so signed, as the Act directed. His " Lordship desired to know, where the Clause was to be " found; and said he would read it over, before he slept:

" That, if his Books were not kept in the Method ex- pseted, he could easily make them up so, and would do " it: He had made up Regimental Accounts, which were " before the Commissi ers in Convent-garden-, and had much Trouble in them.

" His Lordship was further acquainted, that there was " the like Clause in the Act against Mutiny and Desertion, that passed the last Session of Parliament; and " asked, whether he had made up his Accounts with the " Regiments, as he was thereby required. His Lordship, and Mr. Pigeon, were shewn the said Clause;

" and his Lordship answered, be had taken care to make " up his Accounts, as the Musters were sent him in, and " to pay accordingly, since the 2.5th of March, 1699;

" but that there was a great Neglect in that Office; that " he was forced often to call upon them for the Musters;

" and it was with Difficulty, and late, he had them:

" That he would take notice of this Clause, and endeavour to comply with it."

Whether his Lordship is merely a ministerial Officer, is submitted to you; but your Commissioners apprehend such Doctrine must be attended with very absurd, as well as very fatal, Consequences, to the Publick.

Ana lastly, as to his Lordship's disputing the Authority of your Commissioners of Accounts, in what they required, they shall humbly offer you their Reasons, to support it, whenever you please to enter into the Consideration of that Matter. You are the best Expositors of your own Act, and your own Intentions.

Your Commissioners, for the avoiding Prolixity (which they conceive may be more proper in a Reply, than in the framing of Accounts, which are to be examined, and stated) and that they may not engage in an endless Paper War, will not trouble you with any thing further in Writing; but humbly beg, they may have the Liberty to make good their Narrative, ore tenus.

L. S. Gods. Copley, Fran. Scobell,

IV. Bromley, J. Bridges,

H. St. John, Byerley.

T. Coke,

Resolved, That the Commissioners, appointed by Act of Parliament, for taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, have Power to examine the Accounts of the Paymaster-general of the Army, although his Accounts have been delivered to former Commissioners, or that they have been passed by the Auditors of the Imprest.

Resolved, That this House will proceed, Tomorrow Morning, to receive the Proofs of the Commissioners of Accounts to the several Articles of their Narrative or Representation, and of the Earl of s Answer

also to the same.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn- Anpy ing next, take into Consideration the Account, Report, and other Papers, laid before the House by the Commissioners, appointed to take, examine, and determine, the

Debts,

Ann.

3® — 4° Decembris.

67

Bowes'

Estate.

Aldworlh's

Estate

Debts, due to the Army, Navy, and for Transport Service; and also an Account of the Prizes, taken during the late War.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 4 die Decembris;

Amo primo Anns Regina.

Prayers.

ABIL L, for vesting in Trustees an Estate, lying in the County of Essex, and Two Tenements in the City of London, for Payment of the Debts and Legacies of Thomas HarlacltendenBowes, Esquire, deceased, and pre-

serving the rest clear of Charges, was read the First time. Resolved \That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill, to enable Charles Aldworth, Esquire, to sell some other Lands and Tenements, than his Father settled, for raising his Daughters Portions, and Payment of his Debts, those settled being not sufficient for that Purpose, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir Walter Yonge, Mr. Gregory, Mr Mr.

Mr. Hoblyn, Sir Rich.Onslow, Mr. Palmes, Mr.

Mr. Wild, Mr. Bulkley, Mr. Harvey, Sir Hustler, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Civsse, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Norton, Sir Hen. L'iddall, Mr. Holmes, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Sir

John Kay, Mr. Foley, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. How, Mr. Morgan,

Mr. Jeroois, Mr. Parker, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Stonehouse, Mr. Pitfield, Mr. Crosse, Mr. Wortley; and all for the Counties of York, Kent, and Berks: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

St. Martin in A. Bill, for the better improving a certain Piece of

rt Field Ground in the Parish of Martin in the Fields, and uu for other the Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Walter Clarges, Colonel Lee, Mr. Crosse, Mr. Webb, Mr. Bulldey, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Mr. Drake, Sir Wm.

Drake, Mr. Gery, Mr. Holmes, Mr. Knatchbull, Mr. Clark, Mr. Price, Mr. Annesly, Mr. Eyres, Sir John Williams, Mr. Conyers, Sir Math. Dudley, Sir John Kay, Mr. Lauson, Mr. Vemon, Sir Hustler, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Smithson, Sir Cha. Barrington, Mr. Shackerly, Mr. Hysham, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Barker; and all that serve for the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Committee of Ordered, That' the Chairman of the Committee of Privileges. Privileges and Elections do, upon Tuesday Morning next, make such Reports, as shall be ready, from the said Committee.

Williams'

Estate.

Lyster'a

Estate.

A Petition of Millicent Allison, Executrix of the Goods and Chattels of John Graunt, and not administered by John Allison, her Brother, his Nephew and Executor, and Residuary Legatee, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said John Graunt obtained a Judgment against Sir Henry Williams, Baronet, deceased, for 400l. which remains yet unsatisfied; that Sir Edward Williams, Son-in-law of the said Sir Henry, has a Bill depending in this House, to enable him to sell certain Manors, and Lands, in the Counties of Brecon and Radnor, for Payment of Debts, which Lands are liable to the said Judgment: And praying, that she may be heard, before the said Bill do pass this House.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Afr. Lloyd reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill, for charging the Estate of Thomas Lyster, Esquire, Vol. 14.

deceased, for making Provision for his Nine younger Children, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the said Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Rill, which they had directed him to report to the Houser Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of Bawtry, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners chiefly subsist by the Navigation of the River Idle, which runs through the said Town, and conveys, by Boats, into the River , Lead, Mill-stones, and other Commodities, out of Derbyshire; that the Bill in the House, for making the River Darwent, in the County of Derby, navigable, will greatly prejudice the Petitioners said Trade, if it should pass into a Law: And praying, that they may be heard by their Counsel against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Air. Hew (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, for the incorporating certain Persons, for the better providing for, and setting at work, the Poor in the City of Gloucester: And the same was received.

Mr., Palmer reported from the Committee tb whom the Petition of the Serge or Worsted Weavers, and other Woollen Weavers, in and near Taunton, in the County of Somerset, was referred; that they had examined, and considered, the Alatter thereof, and directed him to report the same to the House; and that the Committee had thereupon agreed upon several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are as follow; vis.

That it appeared to the Committee, that the Petitioners labour under very great Difficulties and Discouragements in their Trades; for that many intrude themselves into the Weaving Trade, who never served an Apprenticeship thereto, contrary to the Statute, made in the 2d and 3d Years of the Reign of Philip and Mary.

That there are about Fifteen hundred Woollen Weavers, and the like Number of Weaving Looms, in the said Town of Taunton, and about Two thousand within Five Miles thereof, and not Half of them have served Ap-1 prenliceships to the Weaving Trade.

That it appeared also to the Committee, that the poor Workers in the combing, spinning, and weaving of Wool, lie under other Hardships; by reason that the Alaster Weavers, and others, who set them at work, do impose upon them, and oblige them to take the greatest Part of their Wages in Provisions, Goods, and several Sorts of Wares, instead of Money.

Whereupon the Committee came to these Resolutions following; viz.

1. Resolved', That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Allegations contained in the said Petition, are true.

2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that the Petitioners ought to be relieved, by effectually restraining the Woollen and Worsted Weaving to those only who have served an Apprenticeship to the said Trade, according to the Intent and Meaning of the Statute, tpade in the 2d and 3d Years of the Reign of Philip and Mary, intituled, An Act, touching Weavers; and one other Act, made in the 5th Year of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act, containing divers Orders for Artificers, Labourers, Servants of Husbandry, and Apprentices.

3. Resolved,

Darwent

Navigation,

Gloucester

Poor.

Apprentices in Woollen Manufac tures.

Seamen's

l.ounty

Qioney.

4° — 5 ° Decembris. A. 1702.

3. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Serge and Worsted Weavers, Wool-combers, Spinners, and other Workers in the Woollen Manufactures, be effectually restrained from embezzling, selling, or detaining, any Wool or Yarn, delivered to them by any Clothier, or other Person, making Cloths, Stuffs, Serges, or other Woollen Manufactures.

4. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Serge and Worsted Weavers, Wool-combers, Spinners, and other Workers, in the Woollen Manufacture, ought to be paid their Wages in the current Coin of this Kingdom, and not in Provisions, Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, as is too frequently practised, to the impoverishing of them, and their Families, and to -the great Discouragement of the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom.

The first Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Allegations, contained in the said Petition, are true;

It passed in the Negative.

The 2d Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Petitioners ought to be relieved, by effectually restraining the Woollen and Worsted Weaving to those only, who have served an Apprenticeship to the said Trade, according to the Intent and Meaning of the Statute, made in the 2d and 3d Year of the Reign of Philip and Mary, intituled, An Act, touching Weavers; and one other Act, made in the ,r>th Year of Queen EC intituled, An Act, containing divers Orders for Artificers, Labourers, Servants of Husbandry, and Apprentices;

It passed in the Negative. ‘

The 3d Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That all Serge and Worsted Weavers, Wool-combers, Spinners, and other Workers in the Woollen Manufactures, be effectually restrained from embezzling, selling, or detaining, any Wool or Yarn, delivered to them by any Clothier, or other Person, making Cloths, Stuffs, Serges, or other Woollen Manufactures.

The 4th Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That all Serge and Worsted Weavers, Wool-combers, Spinners, and other Workers in the Woollen Manufacture, ought to be paid their Wages in the current Coin of this Kingdom, and not in Provisions, Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, as is too frequently practised, to the impoverishing of them, and their Families, and to the great Discouragement of the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in, upon the said Resolutions, agreed unto by the House; and that it be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition was referred, to prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That it be an instruction to the said Committee, that they do, in the Bill, make Provision also, touching the Linen and Cotton Manufactures.

A Petition of the Wives of registered Seamen was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that by Act of Parliament, commencing in 1695, many Thousands of Seamen were encouraged to register themselves for the Service of the Royal Navy; whereby they are entitled to 40r. per Annum, as a Bounty, esteeming it as certain as their Wages; but the Non-payment thereof has been a great Discouragement to the Sailors, and a great Hindrance to the speedy manning of the Navy; and the Petitioners having been credited for Food, and Apparel, upon their Register Certificates, their Creditors (being unable to give further Credit) threaten to arrest the Petitioners Husbands for their Money; that the Petitioners are informed 90,000l. will pay the whole Arrear: And praying, that Provision may be made for paying their Arrears, and what shall hereafter become due, in such Manner, as the House shall think tit.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before the House, Seamen of the Number of Seamen, registered by virtue of the Act registered, for registering Seamen, or what Sums of Money they claim in respect thereof, how far the Seamen have complied with the Act, and what Penalties they are under by not doing it, and what Advantages and Privileges the Seamen have received by being registered; and also an Account of what Money has been deducted from the Seamen's Wages, by virtue of the said Act of Parliament, since the last Account laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Account be laid before this House by the principal Officers and Commissioners of her Majesty's Navy.

Mr. Harley (according to Order) presented to the House Dis'fraa-a Bill, for the disfranchising the Borough of Hindon, in vbising the County of Wilts: And the same was received. " roufi

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill, for enlarging the Time for taking the Oath of Oath of Abjuration, and also for recapacitating and indemnifying Abjuraiio . such Persons as have not taken the same by the Time, and shall take the same by a Time to be, appointed, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, for continuing the Duties upon Supply Bill; Coals, Culm, and Cynders, be read a Second time To- Coal Duties, morrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning Supply Bill; next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Land Tax. to consider further of the Bill, for granting her Majesty a Land Tax, for prosecuting the War against France and Spain.

The House (according to Order) proceeded to take the Earl of Proof; of the Coifimissioners, for taking, examiuing, and IlanelagU's stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, to the Accounts, several Articles of their Narrative, or Representation, and of the Earl of Ranelagh'sAnswer also to the same.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, that the Paymaster-general of the Army has given great and unnecessary Delays, in his Proceedings before the Com- . missioners, for taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning proceed to receive the Proofs of the Commissioners of Accounts to the several Articles of their Narrative, or Representation, and of the Earl of Ranelagh's Answer also to the same.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 5 die Decembris; Anno primo Annas

Prayers.

ORDERED, That all Committees be revived.

Committee *

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee to whom the Monies for Bill, for the more easy Recovery of Monies for repairing repairing Churches, was committed; that they had made several Churches. Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time,

>3 ' one.

i Ann. 5® — 70

one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the fiill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Barton-Das- A Bill, for confirming a Division of a Third Part of set IncInsure, the Manor of Burton-Dasset, in the County of Warwick,

heretofore made by the Owners thereof, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir Edmond Denton, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Vaughan, Sir

Rich. Onslow, Mr. Dormer, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. King, Sir Wm. Hustler, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Blathwaite, Sir Kay, Mr. Meyrick, Mr. Hampden, Sir Phil. Boteler, Sir Tho. Hales, Colonel How, Colonel JVebb, Sir Bowes, Mr. S/nith, Sir Wm. Drake, Mr. Pigott, Mr. Crosse, Mr. Clark, Sir Henry Lyddall, Colonel Mr. , Colonel Godfrey, Sir John Mordent, Mr. Lawson, Mr. Port

man, Sir Matth. Dudley, Mr. Compton, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Grahme; and all that serve for die Counties of Warwick and Stafford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Lancaster Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Wnt. Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the

electing a Knight of the Shire for the County of Lancaster, in the room of James Stanley, Esquire, now Earl of Derby, called up to the House of Peers.

all the Towns of England, do sell by the same Measure, as the City of London.

A Bill, for purchasing Annuities in the Exchequer, Supply Bill; was read a Second time. Annuitie *

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill, for finishing, adorning, and securing, the Ca- St. Paul's thedral Church of St. Paul's, was read a Second time. Cathedral.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of finishing the Fabrick of St. Paul's, and of purchasing the Houses, to be bought, near it, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,. to Frauds in prevent Frauds in the Duties upon stampt Parchment, Stamp Paper, and Vellom, and to remedy some Defects in the Dutie#-Acts, relating to the said Duties; and that Mr. Lowndes and Mr. Bridges do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Expiring Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to inspect

Laws. the Laws expired, and near expiring; and report the same to the House.

And it is referred to Sir William Hustler, Lord Marquis' of Hartinglon, Mr. Stringer, Mr. Webb, Mr. Thompson,

Mr. Conyers, Mr. Crosse, Mr. Clark, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Gwyn, Sir Piul. Bidder, Lord Chenie, Sir John Mr. Pudsey, Mr. Walpole, Sir Sir

Mr. Lawson, Sir John Kay, Sir Robert Edem, Mr. Wilkins, Sir Wm. Bowes', and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; or any Five of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Owen's Mr. Hayes reported from the Committee, to whom the

Estate. EH I, for vesting divers Lauds and Tenements of Edward Ozcen, of Eaton-Mascott, in the County of Salop, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, for, Payment of Ins Debts, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned bad given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And he -delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

St&welTs An ingrossed Bill, to enable William Coleman, Esquire,

Estate. and others, to make a speedy Sale of Lands, for Payment of the Debts and Legacies of William Stawell, Esquire, deceased, according to the Intent of his Will, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.; and that the Title be, An Act to enable William Coleman, Esquire, and others, to make Sale of Lands, for Payment of the Debts and Legacies of William Staxvell, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Hoblyn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their 'Concurrence thereunto.

Supply Bill; A Bill, for continuing the Duties upon Coals, Culm, Coal Duties, and Cynders, was (according to Order) read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a. Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee that they do provide, that the -Retailers of Coals, in

Vox.. 14.

The House proceeded to receive the Proofs of the Earl of Commissioners of Accounts to the several Articles of their Ranelagh's Narrative, or Representation, and of the Answer of the AccounU Earl of Ranelagh also to the same.

And several of the Articles, or Observations of the said Commissioners, and the Earl of Ranelagh's Answer thereunto, were severally read; and the Commissioners, and the Earl of Ranelagh, were heard thereunto.

Resolved, That this House will proceed further, upon Monday Morning next, to the receiving the Proofs of the said Commissioners of Accounts to the remaining Articles in their Narrative, or Representation, and of the Answer of the Earl of Ranelagh also to the same.

And then the House adjourned tiH Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna, 7 die De;

Anno primo Annte Regina.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Charles Morris, Esquire (Son and Morris's Heir of Robert Morris, Esquire, deceased) and Estate. Susan, his Wife, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner's said Father, being seised in Fee of the Manor of Loddington, in the County of Leicester, contracted great Debts chargeable thereon, and died, leaving the same unsatisfied; and, upon the Petitioners Marriage, the said Manor was settled on them, and their Issue, subject to the said Debts; that the Petitioners have several Children, and, by reason of the Infancy of their eldest Son, they cannot dispose of any Part of the Premises, towards satisfying of the said Incumhrances: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for Sale of so much of the said Manor, as will discharge the said Debts, and to make some Provision for the younger Children, and that the Residue be conveyed pursuant to the Marriage Settlement.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Vemey and Mr. BrCicer do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

An ingrossed Bill, for charging the Estate of Thomas lyster' Lyster, Esquire, deceased, for making Provision for his Estate. Nine younger Children, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be.

An Act for charging the Estate, late of Thomas

S Esquire,

Ow«n

Estate.

Stower, & c. Navigation.

Interest on

lottery

Tickets.

Leave of Absence

Raising the Militia.

Expiring

Laws.

.7 — S° Decembris Ai 1701.

Esquire, deceased, with Maintenance for his Ninfeyounger Children.

Ordered, That Mr. Milton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill, for vesting divers Lands and Tenements of Edward Owen,of Eaton-Mascot t, in the County of Salop, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for the vesting divers Lands and Tenements of Edward Owen, of Eaton-Mascott in the County of Salop, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts.

Ordered, That Mr. Hays do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Petition of Other Earl of Plimouth was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, about the 14th Car. IK an Act of Parliament was obtained, for making navigable the Rivers of Slower and Salwerp, in the Counties of Worcester and Stafford', upon which Navigation very great Sums of Money were expended, and yet not effectually done, to the great Prejudice of the Country; that the Petitioner, by Survivorship, and otherwise, is entitled to the Benefit of the said Act, and, being lately come of Age, is willing to proceed in the said Undertaking, but cannot, without Disputes, by reason there are not enough Commissioners living, named in the said Act, to put it in Execution: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for the better putting in execution the said former Act, for making the said Rivers of Slower -and Salwetp navigable.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir John Packington and Mr. Parker do prepare, and

bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of divers of the Proprietors of the Malt Lottery Tickets, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Proprietors, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners having no Provision, by the Act of the first Year of her Majesty, for Payment ot their Interest, as it becomes due (after the usual Manner of other Funds) they are almost Three Years in Arrear; whereby many (whose chief Dependence it is) are reduced to great Straits for a Maintenance, and the Forbearance thereof also renders those Tickets liable to such Discount, as to give some Interruption to the publick Credit: And praying, that their said Interest may be paid the Petitioners, or such a Proportion thereof, as the House shall think meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition (in order to compute the Interest due to the Petitioners) be referred to the Committee, who are appointed to compute the Interest of the Monies due to the Persons, who advanced the 564,700 /. upon the Duties upon Earthen Wares, Coals and Culm.

Ordered, That William Lowther, Esquire, have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, for Recovery of his Health.

A Bill, for raising the Militia of this Kingdom, for the Year 1703, notwithstanding the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, was read a Second time.

Resoloed, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole 'House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, who are appointed to inspect the Laws expired, and near expiring, and report the same to the House, that they do also report, which of the Laws expired, and near expiring are fit to be revived, or fit to be continued.

The Statutes of 2 and $ Phil.arid Mary, touching Apprentices Weavers, and of and 5 Phil, and Mary, touching Woollen making of Woollen Cloths, and of 5 containing divers Orders for Artificers, Labourers, Servants of Husbandry, and Apprentices, being read;

Ordered, That Leave.be given to bring in a Bill, tore-peal so much of the said Law s, as relates to the restraining Persons from working the Woollen Manufactures, who have not served Apprenticeships; and that Mr. Johnson and Mr. Meyrick do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Mom- Supply Bill) ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole La«l Tax. House, upon the Bill, for granting her Majesty a Land Tax, for prosecuting the War against France and Spain.

The House proceeded further (according to Order) to Earl of receive the Proofs of the Commissioners of Accounts to the Ranelagh' remaining Articles in their Narrative, or Representation, Account , and of the Answer of the Earl of Ranelagh also to the same.

And the remaining Articles of the said Commissioners were severally read, and the Earl of Ranelagh'a Answer to them; and the Commissioners, and the Earl of Ranelagh, were heard thereunto.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That it appears to this House, that the Seven Commissioners, appointed by Act of Parliament, for taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, have had very good Grounds for making their Observations in their Narrative, or Representation, laid before this House.

Resolved, That all Monies, issued to the Paymaster-general of the Army, ought to be applied to the Use of the Army and Forces only, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

Resolved, That all Privy Seals, Orders of the Treasury, or other Warrants, to the Paymaster-general of the Army, to apply the Money, in his Hands, to other than the Use of the Army and Forces, are illegal, and void.

Resolved, That all Privy Seals, or Warrants, to the Auditors of the Imprest, to pass Accounts, without proper Vouchers, or to make any Allowances, other than according to the Law and Course of the Exchequer, are illegal, and void.

Resolved, That the Seven Commissioners, for taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, have made good the Allegations in their Narrative, or Representation, laid before this House.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That the House do now adjourn;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers-for the Yeas,

Lord Coningsby,

Sir John Cropley:

Tellers for the Noes,

Mr. Lawson,

Mr. Eyres:

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, that the Paymaster-general of the Army hath misapplied several Sums of the publick Money.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committee

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

90.

t,07

Martis, 8 die Decembris;

Anno primo Anns Regina.

Praters.

f~\RDERED, That the Report from the Committee, cham to whom the Bill, for clearing and making the River Navigation: Cham, alias Grant, more navigable, for Barges, Boats,

Lighters, and other Vessels, from Clay hit he, alias Clayhive,

Ferry, in the County of Cambridge, unto the Queen'a Mill

in

Lord

Cashclls'

Estate.

Queen's Bench and fleet Prisons.

Committees

Castleman's

WilU

Naval Discipline

Privilege.

I Ann. 8 ° Decembrm

in the University and Town of Cambridge, was committed,-be made Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, to enable Richard Lord Viscount

CashelU, in the Kingdom of Ir, and Richard Esquire, his Son, to make a Settlement of their Estate, in Chnsideration of the intended Marriage of the said Richard, notwithstanding his being under the Age of One and-twenty Years: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Crosse reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill, for Prevention of Escapes out of the Queen's Bench and Fleet Prisons, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk s Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Mr. Brett (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, for making Provision for the younger Children of Jonathan Castleman,of Coubertly, in the County of Glou-

cester, Esquire, and for supplying an Omission, in his Father's Will, of a Power for making Leases: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, for continuing the Act, made in the 5th and 6th'Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for the better Discipline of her Majesty's Royal Navy: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Bromley (according to Order) reported, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as jt appeared to them, touching the Complaint of the Breach or Privilege against Sir Walter Clarges, Baronet, a Member of this House, and the Resolution of the Committee thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is, as followeth; viz.

Upon the Complaint against Mr. Sherwin, and

his Wife, and their Agents, for making a fraudulent Entry on the Manor of Suin the County of York, the Estate of Sir Walter Clarges, Baronet, and for seducing the Tenauts to attorn to the said Mr. Sherwin, and his Wife, and by keeping a Court afterwards, as Lord and Lady of the said Manor, in Breach of the Privilege of the House:

That it was admitted, that Sir Walter Clarges had been for several Years last past in Possession of the said Manor, and received the Rents, and continued to be in Possession of the same, till Mr. Sherwin, and his Wife, came down into Yorkshire, the Beginning of September last; and that the Tenants attorned to them.

William Wilson, John Hatter, Tho. Woodhouse, Witnesses, were called, to make good the Complaint; who said, that Mr. Sherwin and his Wife, used Threats, made Entertainments, and Promises, to the Tenants, to induce them to attorn Tenants to them: They threatened, if they did not, to take their Farms from them, and to make them pay again all the Rent they had paid, for several Years past, to Sir Walter Clarges: They entertained them daily with Meat and Drink, and Plenty of Wine; and promised, they should have good Bargains and to erect and

Vol. 14.

endow a Free-school for their Children, and the Benefit of the Town: That Leases w'ere granted to the Tenants by the said Mr. Sherwin, and his Wife; and a printed Lease was produced: That they called a Court, and, amongst other things, swore the Jury to be true to the said Mr. Sherwin, and his Wife, as Lord and Lady of the Manor: That the Court was held by Mr. Thomas Barker, and Mr. Daniel Copley; and that Thomas Frost and John Frost were very active, both by Threats and Promises, to induce the Tenants to attorn to the said Mr. Sherwin, and his Wife.

That, on the other Side, the Witnesses said, that Mr. Sherwyn, and his Wife, claimed this Estate; shewed them some Writings, and gave them Ten Days time, to write to Sir Walter Clarges, and to consider, what they would do.

Two of the Tenants, viz. Leo. Frith, and Francis nrngten (one a Shoemaker, and the other a Husbandman) said, that they were satisfied with the Title of Mr. Sherwin, and his Wife, upon seeing the Writings, they shewed for it; and therefore voluntarily attorned.

And that the Committee came to this Resolution:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; That Mr. William Sherwin, and his Wife, and their Agents, by making a fraudulent Entry on the Manor of Darwent, in the County of York, the Estate of Sir Walter Clarges, Baronet, and by seducing the Tenants to attorn to the said Mr. Sherwin, and his Wife, and by keeping & Court afterwards, as Lord and Lady of the said Manor, are guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

1 he said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Mr. William and his Wife, and their Agents, by making a fraudulent Entry on the Manor of Sutton-Darwent, in the County of York, the Estate of Sir Waller Clarges, Baronet, and by seducing the Tenants to attorn to the said Mr. Sherwin and his Wife, and by keeping a Court afterwards, as Lord and Lady of the said Manor, are guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, That the said Mr. William Sherwin be, for the said Breach of Privilege, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

A Bill, for taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Commitee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That the Number of the Commissioners be Seven.

Resolved, That no Person shall be a Commissioner, who hath any Office of Profit, or is accountable to her Majesty.

Resolved, That the said Commissioners may be Members of this House.

Resolved, That the said Commissioners be chosen by way of balloting.

Ordered, That the Members of this House do, upon this Day Sevennight, at Twelve a Clock, prepare-Lists, to be put into Glasses, of Seven Persons Names, to be Commissioners in the said Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in Bill, to enable her Majesty to purchase Lands, which lie convenient for her Majesty's Docks; and that Colonel Churchill, Sir George Rook, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Solicitor-general, Mr. Ettrick, and Mr. Hoblyn, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, for the disfranchising the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wills, be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bromley (according to Order) reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough

Public Accounts-

Accommodation of the , Navy.

Disfranchising Hindon Borough.

Maidsfona

Election

Maidstone

Election.

]2

of Maidstone, in the County of and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered i in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are, as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of Sir Thomas Baronet, and

Tho. Biisse, Esquire, complaining of an undue

Election and Return of Sir Robert Knight

and Baronet, and Sir Thomas Roberts, Baronet, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Maidstone, in die County of Kent:

That the Right of Election was not contested, but agreed to be in the Freemen of Maidstone not receiving

Alll)3.

On the Poll the Numl>ers were-thus:

For Sir Robert Marsham, 4»o

For Sir 1'ho. Roberts, 348

For Mr. B/isse, 293

For Sir Tho. Twisden, 131

That which was insisted on by the Petitioners Coun-

sel, was, that many of the Sitting Members Votes were gained by Bribery and Corruption: And, to this Purpose, they called several Witnesses.

Tho. lloade said, he lived at Canterbury; and that Samuel Springateendeavoured to get Votes for the Sit-

ting Members, and particularly desired him to vote for them, and spent a Crown on him at Canterbury: lie was also treated at Canterbury by John Ely, who came to him, as he said, on the Petitioner's behalf, to know, what he could say against Mr. Biisse That he had a Crown of one Flitcher,to be for the Sitting Members.; but acknowledged he voted for the Petitioners, and even at the Time of receiving the Crown, declared himself for them. The Petitioners called John to his Reputation; who said, he was a Thief, a Pickpocket, and a villainous Fellow.

William Woodhouse said, Richard Flitcher gave him

Two Half Crowns, in Canterbury, to be for the Sitting Members, and also several times treated him: He confessed, he promised to be for the Sitting Members, butt did actually vote for the Petitioners.

Robert Smith said, he lived at Canterbury; and that Flitcher desired his Vote for the Sitting Members, and paid 5 s.for his Horse-hire: He said, the next Day after he had given his Vote, he received 10.?. of Mr. John Smith, which Mr. Smith gave him for the Loss of his Time.

Henry Smith said, that Jam Smith, the Night before the Election, told him he had received a Bribe, and, it he would keep off, he should have the same; and that Robert Salmon desired his Vote for the Sitting Members, and promised him 30 s.but he voted for Captain Biisse.

Robert Smith said, Thomas Field said, he would not vote, unless he had a Debt of 14$. paid him, which was due from Sir Robert Marsham; which Debt was paid-; and that Thomas Couper said, unless Mr. Biisse would give him 30s. he would poll for the Sitting Members; for he could have it there. Mr. John Smith, being examined on the behalf of the Sitting Members, said, he gave the said Robert Smith the 105. purely out of Charity, he having known him 25 Years, and had given him Charity before: Which Robert Smith denied.

John Coney said, Walter Harris asked Votes for Sir Robert Marsham and Sir Tho.Roberts; and gave iOf.

to Roger Austin, to vote for them.

Robert (rationsaid, that Thomas Corcpcr told him, he would not be for Mr. B/isse, unless he Had 30.?. for he could have it on the other Side;, and that Mr. Wood, one of the Jurats, gave him Two Months keeping of a Mare, to vote for the Sitting Members.

John Bell said, that Robert Barrett, a little before the Election, asked them, if they stood plum for the Sitting Members; and-gave Haifa Crown to him, Tho. Hodge, Robert Salman, and John Walter, to drink, between them,

(being working at the Paper-mill)and that Robert Sabmn gave another 1 Jnlf Crown to drink. Peter Mulgrave was examined on the other Side; and said, lie was present act the Time spoken of, and saw no Monies given; which he thinks, he should have seen, if any had been given.

1702.

Richard Green said, lie lived at Westminster, and wad importuned by fVm.Masters, to go down to Maidstone, to vote for the Sitting Members; and not hearing from Mr. B/isse,who he designed to vote for, he went to

Masters, and received a Guinea of him, and another of

Gejf;and, when he came to Billingsgate, he received 1 os. more; and he observed, some others received the like.

Mary Allen said, that George Willard told her, he would not go down to Maidstone against Mr. B/isse, unless he was satisfied; and at Billingsgate he pulled out a Guinea and 1 os. and said, he was satisfied.

Tobias Bell said, that he heard Robert Austin promise Mr. Biisse his Vote; and afterwards was persuaded by

Mr. Finch and Mr. IVddish, -for fear he should lose his

Work, to vote otherwise: That Austin told him, he had received of Mr. Finch4$. but did net say for what.

Mrs. Vincent said, that i'hornets Hughes (a Journeyman Shoemaker) came to her House, pulled out a Guinea and offered her a Bottle of Wine, which he said, he bad of Sir Robert Marsham and Sir Tho. Roberts, and after wards came, and shewed another Guinea, saying, all his Mone y was not gone. He was fetched 20 Miles, to vote at the Election.

That Mr. Colepeper gave to Downes, and Robins, 1 s, a-piece, and desired them to be for the Knights; and said, he would give them more another time.

John Hill said, he was at Sir Mars ham's House,

and GercascTlcly desired his Vote for the Sitting Mem-

bers, and told him, he would help him to get 30 s. a Week; the usual Wages of his Trade, as a Smith, being but 12$. per Week. He acknowledged, lie had desired of Mr. Hely a Guinea, and Mr. refused him.

John H ard said, that Sir Robert Marsham came, with others, to his House, and desired his Vote, and gave him Money, to give Penelland Ward, who lived at Rochester; vis. for each, Two Half Crowns: But the said Ward acknowledged, that neither he, nor the other Two, voted for Sir Robert Marsham. Edvard Cut bushwas examined, on behalf of the Petitioners, as to Reputation; who said, that 16 Years ago he was charged with stealing Pippins; and that he liad lately made a false Affidavit against him.

Joseph Stanley said, that Richard Flitcher came to his House before the Election, and told him, he had been riding about to get Voters, and had disposed 20/. for Mb. Palmer, and got 32 Men for the Sitting Members.

Robert Cheesman said, that Thomas Bromfield desired John Hoad's Vote for the Petitioners, but did not promise him any tiling; however, at Hoad's Request, after the Election was over, Bromfield gave him 5$. for Charges.

Robert Mason said, that John desired his

Vote for the Sitting Members, and told him he should have 30 or 40 s. in his Pocket.

Robert Brook said, that Edward Massey came to his House on the 18th of August, and said, lie designed to be for Mr. Biisse, but was so promised, and threatened, by Mr. Wildish and Mr. Curtis, Two of the Jurats, to whom he owed Money, that he was forced to vote for the Sitting Members.

John Swinyard said, that, declaring himself for Mr. Biisse, Mr. Wildish threatened to strike him.

That then they called Witnesses, to prove some Aspersions thrown on Mr. Biisse.

Eliz Hamond said, that Gercase Hely publickly, in the Street, declared, that Captain was a Jacobite, and

took French Money.

Dennis Vincent said, that Hely endeavoured to

get Votes for the Sitting Members; and that he came to his House several times, and abused Captain Biisse, saying, he was a Rogue, and a Villain: But James How, being examined by the Petitioners Counsel, as to Gercase Hdy's Carriage, said, he was present, when Hdy asked Woodhouse[lor his Vote; and that, 7/W/-house #] declaring himself for Mr. Hdy bid him

stand to him, and God bless him.

That the Counsel for the Petitioners said, they had more Evidence of treating, and other indirect Practices; but rested it here. That

These Words are supplied from the original Report.

8° Decemhris.

i Ann.

8° Decembris.

73

That the Sitting Members Counsel called several Witnesses.

John Hayward said, that, the Day of the Election, he met John Hayes in the Street, and told him, he hoped he would be for the Sitting Members; and Hayes answered, that the Captain had given him 20 to be for him, and Sir Tho. Twisden; and he would not go from his Word.

William Pattison said, Mrs. Vincent gave him tos. from the Captain, and bid him be true to the Captain, and give him his Vote: He voted for Mr. Blisse, and Sir Tho. Roberts.

Daniel Hope, said, that Tho. Harris endeavoured to

get Votes for Mr. Blisse; and that Harris thrust a Guinea into a Man's Hand, the Day before the Election, and said, it was to Captain s Use; but Hope knew not who the Man was.

Nich. Jordan said, that Joseph Osborne owed Mr. Blisse '201.and Mr. Clark,a Jurat, and another, told him,

that, if he would vote for Mr. , he should be abated lo /. and that Madam Blisse had promised the same.

Thomas Collins said, that Edward Seawell told him, Captain Blisse gave him I s. for his Vote, Six Weeks before the Election, and ordered him to take up a Coat, without paying for it. Edward Seawell, being examined by the Petitioners Counsel, said, that Mr. Blisse gave him the l s.one Day that he met him on the Road, being very poor, to buy him Victuals: That, as to the Coat, Mr. Blisse, in April, ordered him to go to one Manly, and take up a Coat, which he was to pay for by 2 s.a Week 5 and he had paid Part of the Money.

Vincent Baker said, that Charles Jeffries asked him for his Vote, and told him, he had as good poll for the Captain; and that he would give him a Crown to do so; and threw down l s. otherwise he would send him to Sea: That Captain Blisse afterwards, being told of it, said, Jefferies was a Rascal, for making use of his Name.

Elenor Kingston said, she went to the Captain, a Fortnight or Three Weeks before the Election, to take off the Tax for the Birth and Death of a Child; and the Captain said, he would do it, if her Husband would vote for him; and the Captain then gave her 6 d.

Nicholas Lane said, that Captain Blisse desired his Vote, and promised ltim, if he was turned out of Work, he would help him to Work, or he should have tos a Week, during the Malt Season, whether he worked, or not.

Andrew Caning said, that he had voted for Captain ' Blisse formerly; and that the Captain, Two several Times before the Election, gave him Half a Crown at each Time; but there was no Promise of voting for him required.

Roger Eaton said, in the Crown and Scepter Entry Captain Blisse asked one Hill for his Vote, and gave him l s. and Half a Crown.

Tho. Allison said, that William Two Days

before the Election, came to his Father, and asked him, why he would not draw Drink for him, as well as another; and said he would see him paid; and that several of Captain Blisse's Voters drank there.

John Short said, that John , on the Thursday before the Election, took Money out of his Pocket, and put it into one Rasell's Hands, and said, " Blisse only."

William Jenkins said, he had been in some Trouble, at the Assizes, about a Broad Arrow, found on some of his Iron; and Mr. Blisse desired his Vote, and said, what it cost him for the future, he would be at the Charge.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee [came] to these Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir Robert Marsham,. Knight and Baronet, is not duly elected a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Maidstone, in the County of Kent.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir Tho. Roberts, Baronet, is not duly elected a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Maidstone.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion, of t,his Committee, Vol. 14.

129.

99-

That Sir Tho. Twisden, Ba'rontet, is not duly elected a Maidstno Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Election. Maidstone.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Conrlmittee,

That Thomas Blisse, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Maidstone.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the late Election of Burgesses, for the said Borough of Maidstone, is a void Election.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That no Warrant do issue, during this Session of Parliament, for the making out a new Writ, for the electing Burgesses for the said Borough of Maidston;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,

Sir Christopher Hales,

Mr. Craggs:

Tellers for the Noes,

Mr. Jervoise, \

Mr. Walpole: j

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That Gervas Hely is guilty of indirect and corrupt Practices, in order to the procuring Members to be elected, to serve in 'Parliament for the said Borough of Maidston.

Ordered, That the said Gervas Hely be, for his said Offence, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Mr. Bromley (according to Order) reported, from the St. Ives Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it Election, appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of St.Ives, in the County of Cornwall, and the Resolu-

tions of the Committee thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are, as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of John Pitt, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Richard Chandler, Esquire, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of St.Ives, in the County of Cornwall:

That the Petitioner's Counsel insisted, that the Borough of St. Ives was a Corporation and Borough by Prescription.

That the only Thing, in question, was, the Right of Election; which, the Petitioner's Counsel said, was in the Burgesses or Inhabitants at large; but the Sitting Member's Counsel said, it was in the capital Burgesses only.

That the Petitioner's Counsel called several Witnesses, and delivered in several Returns to Parliament for the said Borough.

That the Witnesses, viz. Mr. Henry Richard

Trenkay, Richard Swaite, Tho. Cockaine, James Mortice, said, they had been acquainted with this Borough 14, 23,

40, and 60, Years; and that they had known several Elections; and that the Burgesses at large had voted; and they never knew them denied.

That they produced the following Returns; viz.

Two Indentures of Return, of the 16th of April, 1660; by one of which, John St. Aubin, Esquire, by the other,

James Praed, Esquire, is returned a Burgess, tp serve in Parliament for the said Borough. The first Indenture is expressed to be made between the Sheriff, of the one Part, and the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, on the other Part; which was signed by a certain Number of capital Burgesses, and Common-council-men, and about too others, called Gentlemen, and Freemen;, and is said to be under their Hands and Seals: The other Indenture is expressed to be made between the Sheriff, and the Burgesses, and the Commonalty; and that the Burgesses and Commonalty, of their own unanimous Assent, and Consent, had chosen Mr. Praed;. and was under the Hands and Seals of the Burgesses and Commoualty, and signed by above J50.

T A Return,

v

St- Ives Election

8° Dec emir is.

A. 1702;

A Return, 27 Martii, 13' Car. If. between the Sheriff, of the one Part, and the Mayor and Burgesses of St. Ives, on the other Part; by which it is expressed, that the Mayor and Burgesses had unanimously elected James Praed, Esquire: It is under the Common Seal,

end signed by 34.

1 o° Martii, 130 Car. II. another Return, to which the Mayor and Burgesses are Parties; by which it is expressed, that the Mayor and Burgesses had unanimously elected Daniel Oneale, Esquire: It is under the Common Seal, and signed by 48.

19 Januarii, 16 Car. II. another Return of

Nosworthy, Esquire, in the same Form, signed by 58.

10 Martii, 2° Willielmi et Maria, another Return by John Hicks, then Mayor, who also made the Return now in question; and the Indenture is between the Sheriff, of the one Part, and the said Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the other Part; and it is expressed, that the said Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, liad unanimously elected the said Mr. Praed: It is under the Common Seal, and signed by 166.

That the Petitioner's Counsel also desired Two Resolutions of the House to be read; One,

16th July, 1660, That the Freemen at large had a Right

to elect Members, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of St. Ivesm, and that Mr. Nosworthy was duly elected:

18th December 1C61, another, That the House do agree with the Committee, That the Burgesses at large had Right of Election; and that Mr. Basset had the Majority of Voices; and that Mr. Election was

void; and that the Indenture, whereby Mr. Nosworthy was returned, should be taken off the File, and cancelled.

That then the Petitioner's Counsel called some Witnesses, as to the Proceeding of this Election.

John Busvargus said, that he was present at the last Election, and the Burgesses at large appeared; and that the Mayor, Mr. Hicks, recommended Mr. Chandler, as another Person did Mr. Praed', and his, the said Busvar-gus's, Master recommended Mr. Pitt, and told the Mayor, he hoped, that he would not exclude the Burgesses, as he did the last Time; and the Mayor said, he would proceed by King James's Charter: That the Mayor called over the Aldermen, and then went out of the Hall, the Burgesses at large declaring, they were for Pitt and Praed; and one Mr. Veale took their Poll, and had polled about 20, before the Mayor went away.

John Busvargus, Jt was also testified, that, after the Poll CArts. Harris. was thus taken, an Indenture was signed by a great Number of Burgesses, or Inhabitants; and that the Mayor refused to return according to it

That it was further said, that it was not Mr. Hick's Turn to be Mayor, but Mr. Pollard's; and that the said Mr. Hicks desired Mr. Pollard not to take it amiss, for he was made Mayor by the Duke of Bolton's Order.

That the Sitting Member's Counsel insisted, that the ancient Returns were only by the Mayor, or Portreeve, and Burgesses; which could be construed only of the Freemen of the Corporation; but those, that voted for the Petitioner, were only Inhabitants.

To which the Petitioner's Counsel replied, that the Inhabitants ofa Borough, by Prescription, were the Burgesses.

That the Returns, by the Sitting Member's Counsel produced, were,

14 Eli$. Warden, and Burgesses, elected: Return signed by the Warden, and eleven others.

26 Eliz. Warden, and Burgesses, elected: Return signed by about Eight or Nine.

39 Eliz. Warden, and Burgesses, elected: Return signed by Seven.

1 Jac. I. Warden, or Portreeve, and Burgesses, elected: The Return signed by the Portreeve, and about Six others.

21 Jac. I. Portreeve, and Burgesses, elected.

3 Car. I. Portreeve, and Burgesses, elected: The Return signed by Twelve.

Mr. John Newman produced an ancient Book of the Corporation; whereby it appeared, the Corporation consisted of a Portreeve, 12 capital, and1 24 other, Burgesses;. and said, he had searched in that Book, and found, that those, who made the Returns formerly, were of the capital Burgesses.

That the Counsel for the Sitting Member further alleged, that, by a Charter from the late King James, the Election of Burgesses was placed in the Mayor and capital Burgesses; which they made use of, to excuse the Mayor, making a Return otherwise than according to the last Determination in Parliament.

That the Committee came to these Resolutions: Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right of Election of Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of St. Ives, in the County of Cornwall, is not in the Inhabitants of the said Borough, not receiving Alms.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Richard Chandler, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Ives.

The First Resolution being read a Second time; an Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving Out the first Word " not:"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made, by leaving out, "not receiving Alms," and inserting instead thereof, " paying Scotland Lot:'

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That the Right of Election of Burgesses, so serve in Parliament for the Borough of St. Ives, in the County of Cornwall, is in the Inhabitants of the said Borough, paying Scotland Lot The 2d Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being.put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Richard Chandler, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the sakl Borough of St. Ives.

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That John Pitt, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of St. Ives.

Resolved, That Mr. John Hicks, Mayor of the said Borough of St. Ives, is guilty of making a false Return of a Member, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of St. Ives, contrary to the last Determination in Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Mr. John Hicks be, for his said Offence, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the Borough of St. Ives, in the County of by

rasing out the Name of Richard Chandler, Esquire, and inserting John Pitt, Esquire, instead thereof.

Mr. Bromley also (according to Order) reported, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the double Return and Election for the Borough of Milborne Port, in the County of Somerset, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House; which lie read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are, as follow; viz

#Upon the Petition of John Henley, Esquire, as also upon the Petition of John Hunt, Esquire, mutually complaining of the undue Election and Return of each other for the Borough of Port, in

the County of Somerset:

It appeared, upon the Evidence, that Mr. Hunt was returned by.one of the Bailiffs, and Mr. Henley by the other.

That, upon the Poll, the Numbers between, the Petitioners stood thus:

For Mr. Henley, 77

For Mr. Hunt, 46.

That both agreed this to be a Borough by Prescription. 2 ' But

Returning

Officercom-

milled.

Milborne Port Election.

I Ann. 8° — 90 Decembris. 75

But the Counsel for Mr. tien insisted, that the Right of Election was in the Inhabitants, paying a Quit-rent to the Queen Dowager, and not receiving Alms.

And the Counsel for Mr. H insisted, that the Right of Election was in the Nine capital Bailiffs, their Two Deputies, in the Nine Commonalty Stewards, and in the Inhabitants paying Scotland Lot.

That, as to the Point of Right, Mr. Henley's Counsel called several Witnesses; viz.

John Raymond, Richard Gerard; who could speak to

40, and 50, Years; and they testified, that the Usage had been, to admit all Housekeepers, not receiving Alms, to vote.

Richard Hymore said, he had been Steward Ten or a Dozen Years; and the Method was, to call over the Voters by a List; which he did at tins Election; and that the Inhabitants, not receiving Alms, had always been admitted to poll; but he owned, that, at several Elections, Objections had beeu made to such as did not pay Scotland Lot.

That the Counsel for Mr. admitted, that, for 40 Years, the Inhabitants, not receiving Alms, though they did not pay Scotland Lot, had been generally permitted to poll, to prevent any Disturbance by the meaner Peo-' pie; but that they had been objected to, and there never had been any Determination upon their Right.

They said further, that the Inhabitants at large were permitted first to poll in Oliver's Usurpation; but insisted, that the Usage, before that Time, was only for such as paid Scotland Lot to vote.

That they produced several Returns, and called several Witnesses, to make this appear.

The Return, 40 Car.I. which is expressed to be made between the Sheriff of Somerset, of the one Part, and the Bailiffs, Six others, Burgesses of , cum

tnultis aliislnhabitantibus [a] Burgi , 12

others named, Ekctorum duorum ad -

liamentum; qui, ut major pars totius Burgi prcedicii

tunc ibidem exist en elegerunt.

The Return, 16 Car. I. made between the Bailiff, and Burgesses: And therein it is expressed, that the Bailiffs, and Burgesses, subscribing, with the whole Assent and Consent of the Burgesses there, elected: Signed by the Two Bailiffs, and Six others.

Cakb Barret, aged 73, said, that the capital Bailiffs, and Commonalty Stewards, and such as paid to Church and Poor only, voted, till Olivers Time; and particularly spoke to the Oxford Parliament, when those, that did not pay Scotland Lot, were rejected. And being examined as to those, that signed the Return 16 Car. I. he was positive to all, but Two, paying Scotland Lot. lie said, others did vote, besides those named in the Hetum to 16 Car. I. but they were the substantial Men of the Borough.

That they also produced a Return, t Jac. II. which concludes, That the said Burgesses, and Electors, being the greatest Part of the said Burgesses, and Electors, Inhabitants, Householders, and Payers of Scotland Lot in the said Borough, had put their Hands and Seals to the Return.

Edward Pranke said, that such Members, as were returned, to serve in Parliament for that Borough, had alw ays the greater Number of the Bailiffs, and their Deputies, of the Stewards, and Burgesses, though those, that did not pay to Church and Poor, have been permitted to vote: That himself could speak for 30 Years; and he has heard his Futher, and several old Men, say, the Right was so; and that Mr. Hunt, and other Gentlemen, had always objected to them, that did not pay Scotland Lot; and that, in the several Elections of- Mr. Hunt, he had always the Majority of such as paid Scotland Lot.

Mr. Bull, a Servant of Mr. , said, his Master always objected to such, as did not pay; but their Poll was taken, to prevent a Mutiny; and that Mr. Hunt at this Time demanded a Return, according to the Majority of such, as paid Scotland Ix>t; and so did Mr. Henley, at first.

Upon which Evidence the Committee came to this Resolution:

[a] " Inhabit antes" Journal.

Vol. 14.

Resolved, That it is the O[anion of this Committee, Milborne That the Right of Election of Burgesses to serve in Par- P°rt Elec-Iiarnent for the Borough of Milborne Port, in the County tion' of Somerset, is only in the capital Bailiffs, and their Deputies, in the Commonalty Stewards and the Inhabitants thereof, paying Scotland Lot.

That upon this Head, of not paying Scotland Lot

Mr. Henley took off 21 of Mr. Hunt's Voters. Some Evidence was given, as to others, who voted for Mr.

Hunt, and did not pay; but it was answered that they were capital Bailiffs, or their Deputies.

That Mr. Hunt, upon this Head, of not paying, took off 58 of Mr. Henley's Voters.

That thereupon the Committee came to this Resolution:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That John Hunt, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Port,

in the County of Somerset.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto, by the House.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crow n do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the Borough of Milborne Port, in the County of Somerset, by taking off the Indenture, by which John Henley,

Esquire, is returned.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Irish

Morning next, take into Consideration the Memorial, Forfeitures. Books, and Papers, delivered in by the Trustees for the Irish Forfeitures.

Resolved,. That this House will, upon Thursday Oath of Ab-

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the juration, whole House, upon the Bill, for enlarging the Time for taking the Oath of Abjuration, and also for recapacitating and indemnifying such Persons, as have not taken the same by the Time, and shall take the same by a Tune to be, appointed.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday ArmyDebt *

Morning next, take into Consideration the Account of the Proceedings of the Five Commissioners appointed to take, examine, and determine, the Debts, due to the Army, Navy, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes, taken daring the late War.

Ordered, That Sir Tho. Dacall, Sir John Bland, Mr. Darwc.i Bertie, Mr. Gape, Sir fVm. Hustler, Mr. Clayton, Sir Navigation. Robert Edon, Mr. Bertie, Sir John Kay, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill, for making the River Dar-went, in the County of Derby, navigable is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 9 die Decembris.

Anno primo Annie Regina.

Prayers.

MR. Verney (according to Order) presented to the Morris' House a Bill, for Sale of Part of the Estate of Estate. Charles Morris Esquire, for Payment of the Debts charged thereon, and for the making Provision for his younger Children: And the same was received;

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Clerk of the Crown attended, and (according to RMniw Order) amended the Returns for the Boroughs of St. amended. Ives,in the County of Cornwall, and Milborne Port, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That the Inhabitants of tire Borough of Ailsbury Ailsbury,in the County of Bucks, be at liberty to with- Election, draw their Petition, touching the Election for the said Borough. Sir

90 Decembrls. . 1701.

St<m r, &c. Sir John Packhigton (according to Order) presented to Navigation, the House a Bill, for the better putting in execution an Act, formerly made, for making navigable the Rivers of Stoner and Sabcerp,in the Counties of Worcester and Stafford:And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Cham Navi- Sir Henry Pickering (according to Order) reported gation. from the Committee, to whom the Bill, for clearing and making the River Cham, alias Grant, more navigable, for Barges, Boats, Lighters, and other Vessels, from Clayhith, alias Clayhive, Ferry, in the County of Cambridge, unto the Queen's, Mill in the University and Town of Cambridge, was committed; that they had considered the Petition, to them referred, and had made several Amend-' ments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout.

An Amendment, Fol. i. L. 17. being read a Second time; viz. after " University," to add, " and the Justices of the Peace for the said (bounty, not interested in any of the Lands lying on or near the said River, shall chuse Three other Persons for the County

An Amendment being proposed, to leave out " Three" and insert " Five," instead thereof;

And the Question being put, That the Word " Three" do stand Part of the said Amendment;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,

Sir Hen. Picke,) Mr. Annesley:3 Gt)' Tellers for the Noes,

Sir Tho. Hammer,) Mr. Palmer: 3

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Word " Five" be inserted instead

thereof.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Monies for Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, for the more easy repairing Recovery of Monies for repairing Churches, be read the Churches. Third time upon Saturday Morning next.

Sail-cloth The Lord Marquis of Hartington (according to Order) Manufacture, presented to the House a Bill, for the Encouragement, and Improvement, of the making of Sail-cloth in England: And the same was received.

Supply Bill; The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself l nd Tax. into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill, for granting her Majesty a Land Tax, for prosecuting the War against France and Spain, being read;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,

Sir John Holland, ")

Sir Roger Bradshaw: 3 99

Tellers for the Noes,

Sir Jo. Packington,)

Sir Roger Mostyn: 3

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Occasional A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Ixgard, and Conformity. Doctor Edisbury:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for preventing occasional Conformity, with several Amendments; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew,

And the said Amendments were read the First time,

and are as follow; viz.

Skin 1. L. 6. After " Mary," add, " of glorious Memory."

L. 10. After " scrupulous," add " but"

L. 11. Leave out from " whereas," to " se

veral," in L. 16.

20. Leave out the Word " such."

Skin 2. L. 4. Leave out from " Family;" to " shall " in the 15th Line.

20. Leave out " shall," and read " knowingly and willingly."

33. After " aforesaid," add, " or at any " Meeting, where the Liturgy is used, " and where her Majesty, and the Princess Sophia, shall not be prayed for " in express Words, according to the " Liturgy of the Church of England,"

L. 34. Leave out " One hundred Pounds, and " Five Pounds for every Day,- that any " such Person or Persons shall continue "in the Execution of such Office or " Employment," and instead thereof insert, " Twenty Pounds, to be divided into Three Parts; whereof One " Third Part to the Queen, one other " to the Poor of the Parish, w here the " Offence shall be committed, and One " Third Part to the Informer."

Skin 3. L. 9. Leave out from " aforesaid," to the End of the Bill, and at the End of the Bill add the Clauses, marked A. B. C. D. E.

Clause A. Provided, That no Person shall suffer any Punishment, for any Offence committed against this Act, unless Oath be made of such Offence before some Judge, or Justice of the Peace (who is hereby impowered and required to take the said Oath) within Ten Days after the said Offence committed, and unless the said Offender be prosecuted for the same within Three Months after the said Offence committed; nor shall any Person be convicted for any such Offence, unless upon the Oaths of Two credible Witnesses at the least.

Clause B. Provided always, and be it enacted, That; from and after the said First Day of March, no Protestant Dissenter shall be compelled, or compellable, to take, serve, hold, or bear, any Office, or Place, whatsoever, for the taking, serving, or holding, whereof; he cannot be duly qualified by Law', without receiving the holy Sacrament, according to the Usage of the Church of England, and also making and subscribing the Declaration, mentioned in the Statute, made in the 25th of King Charles the 2d (intituled, An Act for preventing Dangers, which may happen from popish Recusants) any Statute, Law, Usage, or other Thing, to the contrary, notwithstanding.

Clause C. Provided nevertheless, that, this Act shall not extend to the University Churches in the Universities of this Realm, or either of them, when, or at such times as, any Sermon, or Lecture, is preached, or read, in the same Churches, or any of them, for, or as, the publick University Sermon, or Lecture; but that the same Sermons, and Lectures, may be preached or read, in such Sort or Manner, as the same have been heretofore preached, or read; this Act, or any thing therein contained, to the contrary in anywise, notwithstanding.

Clause D. Provided, That no Person shall incur any the Penalties in this Act, by resorting to, or being present at, the religious Exercises, used in the Dutch and French languages, in Churches, established in this Realm in the Reigns' of King Edward the Sixth, or of Queen Elizabeth, or of any other King or Queen of

this Realm.

Clause E. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Governor, or Governors, of any Hospital, or Hospitals, or to any Assistants of any Corporation or Corporations, Work-

house

Ann.

9 — 10° Decembris.

77

Privilege — Influencing Klee tun by fcp. of Worcester.

Supply Bill; Coal Duties.

Disfranchis-kg Hindoo Borough.

Privilege — Motion for discharging persons in custody.

house or Workhouses, constituted, erected, or employed, according to the Prayer of his Petition, formerly presented for the Relief and [a] setting of the Poor on work, and to the House, for punishing of Vagrants, and Beggars; all which said

Persons, and ever)- of them, shall be, and are hereby, A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Land- Darweut exempted from all the Penalties mentioned in this Act, holders, within the Hundred of in the County of Navigation

and are hereby adjudged, and declared, not to be sub- Derby, in the behalf of themselves, and great Numbers jeet or liable to any of the Penalties or Forfeitures, of other Inhabitants of the said Hundred, was presented mentioned in one Act of Parliament, made in the Five- to the House, and read; setting forth, that, if the Bill, de-and-twentieth Year of the Reign of King Charles the pending in the House, for making the River in

Second (for preventing Dangers, which may happen the County of Derby, navigable, do pass, it will be a great from popish Recusants) for, or by reason of, any of the Damage to the Petitioners, and utterly destroy the Land-aforesaid Offices, Places, or Employments. carriage of Iron, Lead, Mill-stones, and other Commodi-

The First Amendment being read a Second time} ties, and lower the Price of Corn: And praying, that they -Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said may be heard by Counsel, before the said Bill do pass.

OrdThat the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard by their relating to William Lord Bishop of Worcester, Ue further Counsel, before the said Committee, thereupon.

adjourned until this Day Sevennight a Petition of the Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the Ditto

Resold, That tbfc House will, upon Monday Morning l°'\n . W"' '> in ,he »nd

next, resolve itself into a Commi tee of the whole House, P" " " ,he «""? "d..re d 1

setting forth, that there is a Bill depending in the House,

for making the River Darwent, in the County of Derby,

navigable; which, if it should pass, will utterly ruin the

Petitioners Malt Trade into , and

Lancas, and is the chief Support of the Petitioners,

and all the Country adjacent, and many others, who

maintain their Families by Land-carriage: And praying,

that the said Bill may not pass this House.

O, That the Consideration of the said Petition

be referred to the said Committee.

Amendments be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning. Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Matter,

upon the Bill, for continuing the Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Cynders.

Ordered, That the Bill, for the disfranchising the Borough of Hindon, in the County of be read a

Second time upon Friday Morning next.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Mr. Mansell have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Two a Clock, in order to the discharging William Mott, and others, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, upon account of the Petition, touching the Election for the Borough of Colchester, in the County of Essex;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,

Sir Wfw. Forester,

Mr. Gregory

Tellers for the Noes,

Mr. Rmney,

Mr. Pigott

So it passed in the Negative.

8l.

} 83-

1

6o.

7»-

Privilege-Persons in custody pennon for atscbnrge.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow; Morning, Niue a Clock.

Jovis, 10° die Decembris',

Anno primo Annas Regina.

Praters.

A PETITION of Mott, junior, Arthur

Winsley, junior, Peter Edmond,

Tho. Grigson, William Freeman, and William Leach (in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for signing a Petition, touching the Election for the Borough of Colchester, in the County of Essex) was presented to the House, and read; acknowledging their Offences, and being heartily sorry, that they should incur the Displeasure of this House; and begging Pardon for the same; and praying, that they may be discharged from their Confinement, so that they may repair to their Families, and follow their Employments.

Ordered, That the said William Mott, Arthur Winsley, Peter Brasier, Edmond Johnson, Tho. Grigson, William Freeman, and William Leach, be brought to the Bar To morrow Morning, in order to their Discharge.

Privilege — Ordered, That John Wheely, in Custody of the Sojeant mperson tube at Arms attending this House, for his corrupt Practices, brought to jj endeavouring to procure Sir Isaac Rebow to be elected a Burgess for the said Borough of Colchester, be brought to the Bar Tomorrow Morning, in order to his Discharge, [ci\ M of/ Journal.

Vo t. 14.

the Bar.

A Petition of the Masters, Cutting-Taylors, Freemen Petition from of the Merchant-Taylois Company, of the City of London, Taylors, was offered to the House.

And the Question being put, That the Petition be brought up;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,

Mr. Rozoney,

Mr. Conyers:

Tellers for the Noes,

Mr. Cesar,

Mr. Wining ton:

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, Chancery-to whom the Petition of several of the Inhabitants and la"«and Lin-Farmers of the Parishes of Lambeth, St. Mary Neicing- Fields1"11 ton, St. George the Martyr, within the Borough of Southwark, and St.Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, within the County of Surrey, was referred, that they do examine, to whom the Duties, arising by the Act, for making a Way . out of Chancery-lane into Lincoln's Inn Fields, have been paid, and how the same have been applied.

The House (according to Order) proceeded in the fur- Cham ther Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to Navigation, whom the Bill, for clearing and making the River Cham, alias Grant, more navigable, for Boats, Barges, Lighters, and other Vessels, from Clay hit he, alias Clay hive, Ferry, in the County of Cambridge unto the Queers Mill in the University and Town of Cambridge, was committed: And the Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were severally read a Second time, and, with some Amendments to some of them, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) presented to the Prince of House a Bill, for enabling her Majesty to settle a Re- Denmark's venue, for the supporting the Dignity of his Royal High- Revenue' ness Prince George Hereditary of Denmark, in case he survives her Majesty: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

U Resolved,

4

L

Interest for TalLes.

Accommodation of the Navy.

Occasional

Conformity.

Message from the Queen — Duke of Marlborough.

78 ob — 116 Decembris. A. 1702.

Resolved That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of several Proprietors of Tallies on the First 3 s. Aid, Third quarterly Poll, Third 35. Aid, and Vellum and Paper, on behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read) setting forth, that, there being great Arrears of Interest, and no present Provision for the same, many of the Petitioners are reduced to great Inconveniencies for their Subsistence, and the Value of their Tallies is very much lowered: And praying, that they may be relieved for the Interest of their Tallies.

Ordered, That it be referred to tire Committee, ap

pointed to compute the Interest upon the Tallies on tire Duties upon Earthen Wares, Coals, and Culm, to compute also the Interest due to the Petitioners.

fit to grant the Title of a Duke of this Kingdom to him, and to the Heirs Male of his Body, as also a Pension of Five Thousand Pounds per Annum, upon the Revenue of the Post-Office, for the Support of this Honour, during her Majesty's natural Life.

If it had been in her Majesty's Power, she would have granted the same Term in the Pension, as in the Honour; and she hopes, you will think it so reasonable in this Case, as to find some proper Method of doing it.

St. James's, December 10, 1702.

Ordered, That Candles be brought in Candle *

And they were brought in accordingly.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Considers ing, take her Majesty's gracious Message into Consi- lion of Me -deration. aue-

Colonel Churchill (according to Older) presented to the House a Bill, for the better Accommodation of her Majesty's Navy: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon this Day SevennighL

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for preventing occasional Conformity.

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Lords in

the First Amendment.

The Second, Third, Fourth, and Fifth, Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, disagreed unto by the House.

The Sixth Amendment being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Lords, in the said Amendment.

The Seventh Amendment being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the Consideration of the said Amendment be postponed.

The Eighth and Ninth Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, disagreed unto by the House.

Clause A, being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Lords in the said Amendment.

Clauses B, C, D, and E, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, disagreed unto by the House,

The Consideration of the postponed Amendment being resumed;

Ordered, That it be referred to a Committee, to consider of the said Amendment, and prepare such Amendments, as they conceive proper to be made thereunto.

And it is referred to Colonel Granville, Mr. Finch, Sir John Hawles, Mr. Cowper, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Chancellor

of Exchequer, Mr. Comyns, Sir Gods. Copley, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Smith, Lord Marquis Mr. Brom-

ley, Mr. Annesley, Sir Roger Mostyn, Mr. Mount ague, Mr. Solicitor-general, Mr. Moor, Sir Jos. Jekill, Mr. Dormer, Sir Chr. Musgrove, Mr. Harley, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr.

Sharp, Mr. Eyres, Mr. Meyrick, Mr. Mansell, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Boyle, Mr. How, Mr. We Sir Charles Bloys, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Moncton, Mr. John; or any Five of them: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Eight a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Secretary Hedges acquainted the House, that her Majesty had commanded him to bring a Message to this House, which was signed by her Majesty; ana he presented the same to the House; and it was read by Mr, Speaker, and is, as followeth; viz.

Anne R.

THE Earl of Marlborough's Services to her Majesty, and to the Publick, have been so eminent, both in his Command in the Army, and in his having established an intire Confidence, and good Correspondence, between her Majesty and the States General, that she has thought

Resolved, That this House will, upon-this Day Seven- Oath of night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Abjuration, upon the Bill, for enlarging the Time for taking the Oath of Abjuration, and also for recapacitating and indemnifying such Persons, as have not taken the same by the Time, and shall take the same by a Time to be, appointed.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Mom- Army Debts, ing next, take into Consideration the Account of the Proceedings of the Five Commissioners, appointed to take, examine, and determine, the Debts, due to the Army,

Navy, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes, taken during the late War.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 11 die Decembris;

Anno primo Anns Regina.

Praters.

ABILL, for vesting in Trustees an Estate, lying in Bowes' the County of Essex, and Two Tenements in the Estate. City of London, for Payment of the Debts and Legacies of Thomas Harlackenden Bowes Esquire, deceased, and preserving the rest clear of Charges, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Comyns,

Sir Charles Bloys, Mr. Burnaby, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Lee, Sir John Kay, Mr. Rmoney, Mr. Conyers,

Mr. Mansell, Sir Roger Mostyn, Mr. How, Mr. Toke, Sir Jo. Packington, Sir Wm. Robinson, Mr. Foley, Sir Tho. Hanmer, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Stanhope; and all that serve for the Counties of Essex, Sussex, and Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir John Packington, Baronet, being chosen a Knight of Ailesbury the Shire for the County of Worcester, and also a Burgess Writ for the Borough of Ailesbury, in the County of Bucks,

made his Election, to serve for the County of Worcester.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Ailesbury, in the room of the said Sir John Packington.

A Petition of Sir Thomas Stanley, of Aldersey, in the Stanley' County of Chester, Baronet, was presented to the House, Estate, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner is now Tenant for Life, without Impeachment of Waste, Remainder, as to Part of his Estate, to his Wife, for Life, Remainder to his First and every other Son, in Tail Male, with a Power for the Petitioner to charge 3,000l. upon his Estate, so settled, wherein are valuable Mines of Salt, and which hath been long in the Petitioner's Family; that the Petitioner has another Fee-simple Estate, of about 5,000l. Va-

luq,

i i°- — i a0 Decembris

1 Ann.

Privilege — Persons reprimanded ami discharged.

Coal Trade.

Prince of

Denmark's

Revenue.

Disfranchising II union Borough.

Provision for Duke of Marlborough

Occasional

Conformity.

lue, which the Petitioners Debts, and Incumbrances, will necessitate to sell; but he is willing to preserve the said ancient settled Estate intire in his Family, and that it may be settled on himself for Life, Remainder to his First and other Sons, in 'Fail Male, and that he may be debarred of his said Power; but, in regard the Petitioner's eldest Son is a Minor, the same cannot legally be done without an Act of Parliament: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for charging a competent Sum of Money on his Estate, for Payment of Debts and Incumbrances, and for Portions and Provisions for his Children.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir Roger Mostyn and Mr. Brewer do prepare, and bring in, the same.

William Mott, junior, Arthur , junior, Peter

Brasier, Edmond Johnson, Thomas Grigson, Wm. Free-

man, William Leach, and John Wheely, were (according to Order) brought to the Bar; where, upon their Knees, they received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker.

Ordered, That the said William , Arthur Winsley, Peter Brasier, Edmond Johnson, Tho. Grigson, Wm. Freeman, William Leach, and John Wheely, be discharged out of Custody, paying their Fees.

Ordered, That the Bill, for the encouraging the Navigation, with respect to the Coal trade, and preventing some Abuses in the same, be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

A Bill, for enabling her Majesty to settle a Revenue, for the supporting the Dignity of his Royal Highness Prince George Hereditary of Denmark, in case he survives her Majesty, was (according to Order) read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, Thatthis House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

A Bill, for the disfranchising the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts, was (according to Order) read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

171.

83.

The House being moved, and the Question being put, That her Majesty's gracious Message, Yesterday, be taken into Consideration;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,

Sir Wm. Strickland,

Mr. Wild:

Tellers for the Noes,

Sir Roger Alostyn,

Mr. Coke:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the said Message being again read;

And a Motion being made, That the Provision, made by her Majesty for the Duke of Alarlhorough, during her Majesty's Life, be assured and continued to the said Duke, and the Heirs Male of his Body;

Resolved, Thatthis House will resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider of that Motion.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Motion.

Ordend, That the Report from the Committee, to w horn it was referred, to consider of the Amendment, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for preventing occasional Conformity, and to prepare what Amendments were proper to be made to it, be made Tomorrow Morning.

V o l. 14.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Supply Bill} ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole AnnuiU »-House, upon the Bill, for purchasing Annuities in the Exchequer.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Supply Bill; Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Tax the Bill, for granting her Majesty a Land Tax, for prosecuting the War against France and Spain.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Bill, and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning

(after the Report, touching the Amendments to the Bill, intituled, An Act for preventing occasional Conformity) resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sahhati, 12 die Decembris;

Anno primo Anns Regina,

Praters.

A PETIT ION of James Fit chborn, Esquire, and Supple's JohnTitchborn, Gentleman, was presented to the Estate‘ House, and read; setting forth, that James , Gentleman, by his last Will, dated the 20th of August, 1688, devised several Freehold and Leasehold Messuages, in Middlesex, to the Petitioner, Janies, for Life, and alter to the Heirs of his Body, as to Part of his Estate, and as to other Part, to the Petitioner John,in like manner; that both the Petitioners are married, and have Issue; and the Houses want great Repairs, and great Improvements may be made, by rebuilding, and granting Leases; but the Petitioners have no Power to make such Leases, by reason of the Limitations in the said Will: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, to enable the Petitioners, and all others, claiming under the said Will, to make Leases of their Estates, for some considerable Term of Years, without Fines, reserving the best Rents, w'hich can be gotten for the same.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Vernon, Sir William Drake, and Mr. Oglethorpe, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) presented to the Arderne's House a Bill, to enable John Arderne, Esquirfe, to pay his E»ute. Father's Debts, and make Provision for his Brothers and Sister: And the same w as received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second time.

A Bill, to enable Rickard Lord Bulkley Viscount Lord Cashells, in the Kingdom of Ireland, and Richard Bulkly, CasbelV Esquire, his Son, to make a Settlement of their Estate, EsUte in Consideration of the intended Marriage of the said Richard, notwithstanding his being under the Age of One-and-twenty Years, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Solicitor general, Mr. Vice-chancellor, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Parker, Sir Robert Edon, Mr. Fagg, Sir John Mordant, Sir John Kay, Mr. Oglethorp, Sir Jacob Ashley,

Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Mansell, Sir Pelham, Mr.

Ro. Bertie, Sir Tho. Wroth, Mr. Foley, Mr. Gery, Mr.

Verney, Mr. Jennens, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Got'ges, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Crosse, Mr. Bulkbey, Mr. Curson, Mr. Price, Mr.

Harley, Mr. Afeyrick, Sir Edw. Turner, Sir. Cha. Bertie,

8o

12° Decembris.

A.

170a.

and all, that sfcrve for North and South and for the County of Chester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Caatleman'i Bill, for making Provision for the younger Children Will. of Jonathan Castlemanof in the County of

Gloucester, Esquire, and for supplying an Omission, in his Father's Will, of a Power for making Leases, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Tho. tleton, Sir Halter Yonge, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Price, Mr.

Crosse, Sir Walter ClargesMr. , Mr. Foley, Mr. Colchester, Sir Robert Clayton, Sir JVm. Hustler, Sir Robert Felon, Mr. Sheppard, Mr. Pagit, Mr.

Mr. Stanhope, Mr. Stringer, Sir Pelham, Mr.

Pelham, Mr. Paine, Mr. Masters, Mr. Air.

Tredenham, Sir Fra. Blake, Serjeant Air. Cox,

Air. Barker, Mr. Gorge, Mr. Brett, Mr. Crosse, Mr. Harvey, Mr. BloJeild, Mr. Clark, Air.; and

all, that serve for the Counties of Gloucester and Oxun: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Chanceir Ordered, That Sir Humph. Mr. Ettrick,

Lueand Sir Francis Lee, Mr. Foley, Sir Tho. Air. Tuck,

f'm ' lM1 a< e< to the Committee, to whom the Petition of ' several of the Inhabitants, and Fanners, of the-Parishes of Lambeth, Newington, St. and St. Mag-

dalen Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey, is referred.

Aberistwith Air. Comyns reported from the Committee, to whom Harbour. the Bill, for repairing the Harbour of in the County of Cardigan, and erecting a Pier there, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the Mouse: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be engrossed.

Frauds in Mr. Lowndes (according to Order) presented to the Stamp Duties House a Bill, for preventing Frauds in her Majesty's Duties upon stampt Vellom, Parchment, and Paper, and for remedying some Defects in the Acts, relating to the said Duties: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Gloucester

Poor.

The House being acquainted, that the Bill, for the incorporating certain Persons, for the better providing for, and setting at Work, the Poor in the City of Gloucester, is not so regularly brought in, as it ought to have been, those Places therein, which should have been in Blauks, leing brought in filled up;

Ordered, That Leave be given to withdraw the said Bill, and to present another Bill, for the Purposes aforesaid, to the House.

And Mr. How presented another Bill to the House accordingly.

Occasional Air. Bromley (according to Order) reported from the Conformity. Committee, to whom it w as referred, to consider of an Amendment, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for preventing occasional Conformity, and to prepare such Amendments, as they conceived proper to be made thereunto; that they had considered thereof, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read, and are, as follow; viz.

After the Word " or," add, " shall know ingly and willingly be present."

After the Word any," add " such."

After the Word " Meeting," leave out the Word " where," and insert, " in such House, or Place, as aforesaid, although."

After " Liturgy," leave out " is," and insert " be there."

After " used," leave out " and where," and insert " in case."

After Majesty," add, " whom God long preserve,

Katherine, the Queen Dowager."

After " Sophia," add, " or such others, as shall from time to time be lawfully appointed to be prayed for."

After " be, " add " there."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Lords in the said Amendment, so amended.

Ordered, That the said Committee do draw -up Reasons, to be offered to the Lords at a Conference, for disagreeing to such of the Amendments, made by their Lordships, as this House hath disagreed unto.

A Petition of the Freeholders, Leaseholders, and Inha- St. Clement't bitants, of that Part of the Parishes of St. Clement's Danes Dunes, &c. and St. Mary le Savoy, which are in the Liberty of West- Lan<1 minster, in the County of Middlesex,was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that by a late Act of Parliament, madeinthe l-irst Year of her Majesty's Reign, for a Land Tax, and divers Subsidies, it was enacted, that every Person shall be assessed, and pay, for his Office or Employment, in the Place, where the same shall be executed; accordingly the Commissioners, for puttingthc said Act in Execution within the said Parishes, caused the Stamp-office, (which is executed in St. Clement's Parish) to be assessed there, but the Commissioners of the said Office, refusing to comply with the Assessment, and having Notice, that a Warrant was signed, for levying the same, have obtained an Injunction from the Court ot Exchequer, to enjoin the not levying the Assessment, till further Order of the said Court; that, in case the said Office be taken away from the Petitioners, and taxed at Westminster-hall, as is intended by the present Land 'Fax, it will render the Petitioners unable to pay their Quota of 45. in the Pound, under 6j. in the Pound; which will be very grievous to them: And praying, that the Stamp-office may pay to the Aid of the Petitioners, and not of the Offices of Westminster-hall.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be refereed to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for granting her Majesty a Land Tax, for prosecuting the War against France and Spain, is committed.

A Petition of the Majority of the Commissioners, nomi- Glamorgan nated and appointed in the County of Glamorgan, for put- Land ting in Execution the late Act of Parliament, for granting her present Majesty a Duty, by divers Subsidies, and a Land Tax, on the behalf of themselves, and the Majority of the Inhabitants of the said County, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that anciently the County of Glamorgan was divided into Ten Hundreds, and all Taxes on the County were variously rated on those Hundreds, by a Pound Rate; that, in 1699, the Sum of 3,953/.

4 s. 11 d.was, by Act of Parliament, charged on the said County at 2 s.per Pound, with a Retrospect to an Act of % et Willielmi et Mar. in assessing thereof; yet most of the Commissioners, to avoid Confusion, divided the Sum so charged, after the usual Manner, winch was after that Manner raised, and paid, except in the Three Western Hundreds; and, in the Year 1700, the Commissioners proceeded, in like Manner, to raise 5,929/. 17 4 chargeJ on the said County; hut some few Persons refused to comply thorew ith; whereupon great Deficiences havehappened, particularly in the Hundred of Neath; who complaining to the Parliament, a Clause was inserted in an Act, for reimbursing them 285/. 1 s. 8 id.though near a Moiety thereof was paid to the Receiver-general, before the passing of the Act; and that, by the same Methods, taken by the Commissioners in 1701, and 1702, the like Deficiencies in the said Hundreds have and will happen; and

should

Supply Bill; Land Tax,

Irish Forfeitures.

Monies for

repairing

Churches.

Leare of Absence.

Supples

Estate.

Darwent

Navigation.

i Ann. 12° — 14 0 De81

should the Petitioners pursue the Methods, taken in the 3d and 4th Willielmi et Mariathe same would greatly

prejudice the Inhabitants of the other Seven Hundreds, who were unequally taxed, upon Oath, by that Act, in proportion to the Three other standing-out Hundreds: And praying, that they may be at Liberty, for the future, to assess, upon all Acts of Parliament whatsoever, in tire said County, according to the usual Way of rating, without having any Retrospect to the said Act of 3 4

lielmi et Maria; and that the Petitioners, or some other

Commissioners, may be impowered to re-asscss the Arrears on the said Hundreds, that are now in Arrears; and that the rest of the said County may be discharged thereof, and not be burthened therewith, by reason of their Integrity in full assessing themselves upon Oath, the other Hundreds having reaped the Advantage of their own Tort.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee of the whole House;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause of Loan.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Bill, and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, take into Consideration the Memorial, Books, and Papers, delivered in by the Trustees for the Forfeitures.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, for the more easy Recovery of Monies for repairing Churches, be read the Third time upon Wednesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lunce, 14° die Decembris;

Anno primo Anna; Regina;. Praters.

ORDERED, That Mr. Mountague have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Mr. Vernon (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, to enable the Devisees of James Supple, and all claiming under them, to make Leases, for Improvement of the Estate devised; and the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Landholders, and Inhabitants, of the several Towns of Long Eaton, Toton, Wilstrop, Breeson, Chihvell, Atterboi'ough, Draycott, and several other Towns, lying near the River of Trent, in the County of Nottingham, and the River of Darwent, in the County of Derby, was presented ter the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners hold much arable Land, and are thereby necessitated to take Pasture Grounds, contiguous to the said Rivers, at very dear Rates, for Hay, to maintain the Cattle, they employ about their Farms; that if the Bill, depending in the House, for making the River Darwent, in the County of Derby, navigable, should pass, it will be a great Prejudice to the Petitioners, Vol. 14.

by spoiling their Grass, through the haling of Boats, and making Banks on their said Grounds, and spoiling the Fords of the Dancent, whereby the Petitioners do now enjoy great Advantages: And praying, that they may be heard by Counsel, before the said Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, before the said Committee, thereupon.

Mr. Brewer (according to Order) presented to the House Stanley's

a Bill, to enable Sir Tho. Stanley, Baronet, to charge his Estate. Estate, for Payment of his Debts, and for Portions and Maintenance for his Children: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time,

Mr. Hicks (according to Order) presented to the House Ease of a Bill, for the Ease of Sheriffs, in the executing their Sheriffs. Office, and passing their Accounts;. And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That tire Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Sir Vaughan Pryse, Baronet, was presented Pry se's

to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner Esute. hath Power, by the Will of his late Brother, Sir John Pryse, deceased, to appoint a Jointure for any Woman, the Petitioner shall marry; that he was married, before the making of the said Will, with his Brother's Approbation, and Promise to his Wife's Relations, to leave the Petitioner a Power to make her a Jointure; but, by reason of a Doubt, whether the said Power doth extend to the Wife, the Petitioner had at the making of the said Will, or to an after Wife, he cannot receive his now Wife's Portion, though the Mistake is presumed to arise by the Carelessness of the Person, who drew the said Will, and transcribed the Power from, a former Will, made before the Petitioner was married: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, to enable the Petitioner to make a Jointure to his Wife.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr.

Vaughan and Mr. Shackerly do prepare, and bring iu, the Bill.

A Petition of some of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Disfranchis Hindon, in the County of Wilts, was presented‘to the ing Hindoo House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners are borough, highly sensible of the Disgrace, they now labour under, being justly threatened, by a Vote of the House, to be disfranchised; which Misfortune has been owing to the Corruption, and Poverty, of such, as, they conceive, have no Right of voting, they never paying Taxes, or to the Poor's Rates: And praying, that the said Borough may not be disfranchised, they submitting to such Regulations as shall be thought necessary.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for disfranchising the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts, is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do provide, that all the Freeholders of the Hundred, within which the said Borough is, be admitted to vote for the Election of Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough.

Ordered, That the Committee, appointed to draw up Occasional Reasons, to be offered'to the Lords at a Conference, for Confor-disagreeing to some of the Amendments, made by the ""V Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for preventing occasional Conformity, do withdraw into the Speaker's Chamber, and draw up the said Reasons, during the Sitting of the House.

A Bill, for the incorporating certain Persons, for the Ckmcesur better providing for, and setting at Work, the Poor in Poor, the City of Gloucester, was read the First time.

X Resolved,

8a 14° —

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

6 Decembris.

Woodford

Roads.

St. Paul's Cathedral.

Supply Bill; Coal Duties.

Coal Trade.

Supply Bill; Annuities.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Committees.

Running of Brandy.

I-one's

tale.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, for the better repairing and amending the Highways, from the North End of Thormcood Common to Woodford, in the County of Essex: And the same

was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for finishing, adorning, and securing, the cathedral Church of Paul's.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for continuing the Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Cynders.

Ordered, That the Bill, for encouraging the Navigation, with respect to the Coal Trade, and preventing some Abuses in the same, be read a Second time upon Thursday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for purchasing Annuities in die Exchequer.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill, for granting her Majesty a Land Tax, for prosecuting the War against France and Spain.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning-

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That all Committees be revived;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth: Tellers for the Yeas, Mr. Oglethoipy Mr. Chi

Tellers for the Noes, Sir Wm.

Mr. Masters:

X

s

28.

16.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mart is, 15 die

Anno primo Annas Regina.

Praters,

SIR John Fleet (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, for the encouraging the Consumption of malted Corn, and for preventing the Frauds in running of French Brandy: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Giles Lone, Arthur Lone, William Lone, Richard Lone, James Lone, Joselbie Lone, and Mary J.one, Infants, by William Lone, Gentleman, their Uncle, and Guardian, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that John Lone, the Petitioners Father, being 6eised of several Freehold, Leasehold, and Copy-bold Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, in January, 1699, made his last Will, and gave all his Estate to John 3

1702.

Lone, his eldest Son, and his Heirs (whom lie made his Executor) subject to the Payment of his Debts, and Legacies to the Petitioners, and for their Education; that the Petitioners Father, Mother, and eldest Brother, are all since dead, whereby the Petitioner, Giles Lone, is become entitled to the said Estates; but the same are charged with Debts, that carry luterest, amounting to above 2,300l. which, with Taxes and Repairs, will, in a great Measure, consume the said Estates: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for Sale of the said Estates; and that the Money, thereby raised, may be applied to the Payment of the Debts, now charged thereupon, and the Residue thereof may be placed out at Interest, for the Benefit of the Petitioners, pursuant to their Father's said Will.

Ordered, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Pigott and Sir Edward Turner do prepare, and

bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Stafford the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Wm-the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Staff ord, in the County of Staff ord, in the room of John Chetwind, Esquire, deceased.

A Petition of Robert Thurnhidl, Esquire, was presented Thomhull's to the House, and read; setting forth, that, upon the Estate. Petitioner's Marriage with his now Wife Frances, his Father settled upon him, and his Issue, the Farm of Woollan, in the County of Dorset, of about 200 /. per Annum; that the Petitioner hath Issue Three Sons, and Two Daughters, in whose Education, and for Support of his Family, he hath contracted several Debts, which he is unable to pay, or make any suitable Provision for his younger Children, by reason his eldest Son (though of Age) is so weak of U n-derstanding, that he is incapable of joining with the Petitioner in any Conveyance: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for vesting the said Farm in Trustees, for raising Money out of the Rents and Profits thereof, for paying and discharging the Debts, and making Provision for the Petitioner's younger Children; and that a Rent-charge may be settled out of the same, for a Provision for his eldest Son, and the Residue to be conveyed, after the Petitioner's Decease, to his Second Son, in Tail Male, pursuant to tire Marriage Settlement.

Ordered, That Leave he given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Air. Bingham and Air. Pitfield do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Nero- Darwent ark upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham, and of Navigation, the Towns of Balder ton, Sibthorp, Sierston, Elston, Flur- tham, Farndon, East Stoake, North Muskam,

Cromwell, Coddington, Winthorpe, and several other Towns adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said Towns, and Parts adjacent, abound with all Sorts of Corn and Grain, so that great Quantities might be sold into Derbyshire, at moderate Rates, were it not for the Dearness of Land Carriage;

And praying, that the Bill, depending in the Hou se, for making the River Darwent, in the County of Derby, navigable, may pass.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the 8aid Bill is committed;

It passed in the Negative.

A Bill, for Sale of Part of the Estate of Charles Morris' Morris, Esquire, for the Payment of Debts charged Estate, thereon, and for making Provision for his younger Children, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Winstanley, Mr. Verney, Mr. Pigott, Sir John Thorold, Mr. Lawson, Mr. Halford, Lord , Air.

Brewer, Mr. Conyers, Sir William Strickland, Mr. Jredenham, Mr. Mansell, Sir Tho. Wroth, Mr. Sanderson,

Mr.

I ANM. i 50 Decembris. 83

Mr. Cai'donnell, Mr. Eterick, Mr. Mr.

Palmer, Sir Edm. Bacon, Sir Fra. Windham, Mr. Moncton, Mi . Ilarpur, Sir Brian Stapleton, Sir John Kay, Lord Dysert, Sir Cha. Hotham, Mr. Fleming, Sir Bloys, Sir Jacob Ashley, Mr. Hunt, Colonel Walpole; ami all, that serve for the Counties of Leicester, Rutland, and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Live a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Slower, &c. A Bill, for the better putting in Execution an Act, Navigation, formerly made, for making navigable the Rivers

and Salwerp, in the Counties of Worcester, and Stafford, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Parker, Sir John Packington, Mr. Harley, Mr. Granville, Sir

John Williams, Mr. Foley, Mr. Mr. Cox, Mr.

Tredenham, Mr. Dolben Sir Jos. Sir John

Thorold, Mr. Curson, Mr. Edw. Foley, Sir Robert Edon, Mr. Blofield, Mr. Gorges, Lord Mr. Boyle,

Mr. Lawson, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Moncton, Mr. Moun-tague, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Mr. Grahme, Mr.

Stote, Mr. Hutchinson, Sir Fra. Blake, Mr. Pinnell; and all, that serve for the Counties of Worcester, Gloucester, Stafford, and Hereford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Briggs' Debt A Petition of Augustine Briggs was presented to the to die Crown. House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner was Receiver-general for the Taxes on the City of Norwich, and Part of the County of Norfolk, from 1689, to 1699; in which Time he sustained great Losses by one of his Deputy-receivers, and in returning the publick Money to London, insomuch that, by the Auditor's stated Account, the Petitioner is further indebted, than all his real and personal Estate will satisfy; which has been extended, and he has conveyed his real Estate to his late Majesty's Use, which, with the usual Allowances to Receivers, will much reduce his Debt; notwithstanding which, another Extent is issued, to secure the Petitioner's Person, and his Sureties, who have also parted with all they have, to answer this Debt, although they have not more to pay, yet they cannot be discharged, because the Money, so received, Was appropriated by several Acts of Parliament: And praying, that Leave may be given to offer a Clause in some Act of Parliament, to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, to make a Composition with the Petitioner, as shall be reasonable, for the said Debt.

Ordered, That Leave be given to offer a Clause, according to the Prayer of the said Petition.

s tower, &c. A Petition of Sir John Talbott, on behalf of himself, and Navigation, very many others, Proprietors of live ancient Brine Pits in the Borough of Droitwich, and many principal Inhabitants of the said Borough, and also of the Owners of the Mills, and Lands, adjoining to Salwerp Brook, in the County of Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, about 40 Years since, an Act of Parliament was obtained, to make navigable Salwerp and Slower, Two Brooks in the said County; that little or nothing was done for effecting the said Navigation, although, towards defraying the Charge, the Proprietors of the ancient Brine Pits granted to the Earl of Plymouth 20 Bullaries of Salt Water, worth about 3,000l. that, since that Time, it hath manifestly appeared, in case the said Act had been executed, it would have turned to no manner of Advantage, except to the Undertakers only; and the Petitioner doubts not to make it appear, that, if the Bill, depending in the House, for the better putting in Execution an Act, formerly made, for making navigable the Rivers Slower and Salwerp, in the Counties of Worcester and Stafford, should pass, it would be to the great Detriment of, the Proprietors of the ancient Salt Springs, and Inhabitants, of the said Borough, and of the Land-owners, whose Estates are contiguous to the said Vol. 14.

Brooks, and will be no considerable Benefit to any Persons, unless the present Undertakers; that the prosecuting the present Bill is a Surprize upon the Petitioner: And praying, that some competent Time may be allowed, to inform the Persons interested (who, for the most part, live at a great Distance) with the Particulars of the said Bill, and to shew, how much their Properties and ju3t Rights will be prejudiced thereby, if it should pass, and not be of Advantage to the Publick; and that, in order thereunto, the Petitioner may be heard by his Counsel against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard by his Counsel, before the said Committee, thereupon.

Mr. Bromley reported from the Committee, to whom Occasional it was referred, to draw' up Reasons, to be offered to the Conformity. Lords at a Conference, for disagreeing with their Lordships to some of the Amendments, made by them to the Bill, intituled, An Act for preventing occasional Conformity; that they had drawn up the same accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House:

Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

To the First Amendment, made by your Lordships to the Bill, intituled, An Act for preventing occasional Conformity, in Skin the 1st, Line the 6th, the Commons do agree.

To the 2d and 3d Amendments, Line the 10th and 11th, the Commons disagree;

First, Because that the Recital, that every Person, to be admitted into any Office, or Employment, should be conformable to the Church, as it is by Law established, is confined to such Laws, as enact, that every such Person shall receive the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper, according to the Rites and Usage of the Church of England.

2dly, Because the Corporation and the Test Acts, which have been frequently evaded, and are, by this Bill, intended to be made effectual, do provide, that all Persons, to be admitted into any Office or Employment, in pursuance of those Acts, should receive the Sacrament of the: Lord's Supper, according to the Rites and Usage of the Church of England;and all Persons, under such Obligation to receive the Sacrament, the Commons conceive, are obliged to be conformable to the Church, as it is by Law established.

To the 4th Amendment, Line the 20th, the Commons disagree; because it depends upon the former.

To the 5th Amendment, 2 Skin, Line 4th, the Commons disagree;

Because your Lordships admit this Bill to be reasonable, as to the Officers, and Persons, described in the former Part of this Clause; and the Commons see no Reason, why this Bill should not equally extend to the Persons, and Officers, described in the latter Part thereof, left out by your Lordships in this Amendment.

Secondly, Your Lordships leaving out, in this Amendment, these Words, viz. " who, by the Laws, are obliged " to receive the Sacrament of the Lord 's Supper, acc.ording to the Rites and Usage of the Church of England," may countenance an Opinion, that the Persons, described in the Words, left out by your Lordships, are not obliged to receive the Sacrament.

Thirdly, Those Words do equally refer to the Persons, described in the former Part of this Clause, to which your Lordships have agreed, as to the Persons described in your Lordships Amendment; and the Commons take it to be very evident, that every Person, described in this Clause, as sent up to your Lordships, is obliged to receive the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper, according to the Rites and Usage of the Church of England.

To the 6th Amendment, Line the 20th, the Commons do agree.

To the 7th Amendment, Line 33. the Commons have agreed, with some Amendments.

-To

84 15° — 16° Decembris. 1702.

To the 8th Amendment, Lane 34th, the Commons have disagreed; because (though many other Reasons might be offered, from which the Commons can never depart; yet, at this Time, they think it sufficient to say) that the Penalties, left out by your Lordships, in tins Amendment, are reasonable, and no more, than what are necessary to make this Bill effectual.

To the 9th Amendment, Skin 3d, L. 9. the Commons disagree; because they think, the Penalty of Incapacity, a3 qualified by the subsequent Proviso, is a proper Punishment for this Offence; and the Commons conceive it necessary to increase the Penalty, upon a Second Offence, as has been practised in many other Cases.

To Clause A, the Commons agree.

To Clause B, the Commons disagree; because, as this Bill takes away no one Privilege, that the Dissenters have by Law, so the Commons cannot think it fit to give them any new Privilege by it.

To Clause C, the Commons disagree; because the Commons conceive, there is no Occasion for it.

To Clause D, the Commons disagree; because the Commons think it necessary, that the Bill should equally extend to all Persons, before recited, as obliged to receive the Sacrament, and see no Reason for the Distinction made thereby.

To Clause E, the Commons disagree; because, if such Persons are obliged to receive the Sacrament, there is no Reason to exempt them out of this Bill; and, if they are not obliged, the Clause is unnecessary.

The said Reasons, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Conference Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, desired with upon the Subject Matter of the said Amendments.

Lords. Ordered, That Mr. Greoill do go to the Lords, and

desire the said Conference.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pitt and Dr.

Edisbury:

Mr. Speaker,

Cowper's The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Estate. the vesting of the several Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Esses, late belonging to John Cowper, Gentleman, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for better Payment of his Debts, and Legacies, charged thereon; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Poor. Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the' Bill, for the better Provision for, and settling, the Poor, in Places extra-parochial.

Publick Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn-

Accounts. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom.

Ordered, That the Members do, by Thursday next, Twelve a Clock, prepare Lists, to put into Glasses, of Seven Persons Names, to be Commissioners in the said Bill.

Army Debts. Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Mom ing next, take into Consideration the Account of the Proceedings of the Five Commissioners, appointed to take, examine, and determine, the Debts, due to the Army, Navy, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes, taken during the late War.

Provision for Duke of Marlborough.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion, made upon Friday last, That the Provision, made by her Majesty for the Duke of Marlborough, during her Majesty's Life, be assured and continued to the said Duke, and the Heirs Male of his Body;

Ordered, That the Consideration of her Majesty's gracious Message be referred to the said Committee.

And then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had directed him to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Supply Bill; whole House, to whom the Bill, for granting her Majesty Land ,ut a Land Tax, for prosecuting the War against France and Spain, was committed, be made Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 16 die Decembris;

Anno prhno Annas Regina.

Praters.

RDERED, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, Accessaries for the more effectual Punishment of Accessaries to u> Felonies, Felonies, and Receivers of stolen Goods; and that Mr. &c' Conyers, and Sir Christopher Musgra do prepare, and bring in, the BUI.

Sir William Hustler reported from the Committee, to Expiring whom it was referred, to inspect the Laws, expired, and La 8 near expiring, and report the same to the House, and which of them are fit to be revived, or fit to be continued; that they had inspected the same accordingly, and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are, as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Act, made in the 20th Year of the Reign of King Charles the 2d, intituled, An Act for giving Liberty to buy and export Leather, and Skins, tanned and dressed (which Act was revived by an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of the late King James', which Acts were revived, and continued, by an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of the late King William and Queen Mary; which Acts were revived, and continued, by another Act, made in the 7th and 8th Years of the Reign of the said late King William the 3d, intituled,

An Act for continuing several Acts of Parliament, therein mentioned) which will expire at the End of the First Session of Parliament after the 25th Day of March, 1703, is fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Act, made in the 7th and 8th Years of the Reign of the late King William the 3d (intituled, An Act for the Ease of Jurors, and better regulating of Juries) which will expire at the End of the next Session of Parliament after the First Day of May, is fit to be continued.

Resoloed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Act, made in the 11th and 12th Years of the Reign of the late King William the 3d, (intituled, An Act for the more effectual Punishment of Vagrants, and sending them whither, by Law, they ought to be sent) which will expire, at the End of the next Sessions of Parliament after the 24th Day of June, 1703, is fit to be continued.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, iwere, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in, upon the said Resolutions; and that Sir William Hustler do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction, that the Bill, relating to Vagrants, be made to extend to all Sorts of

Vagrants

I Ann, 16° Decembris. 85

Vagrants, as well those, that have not, as those, that have, Passes.

Privilege — a Persop in

custody petitions for Discharge.

Pryse's

Estate.

Stower, & c. Navigation

fastltcnan's

Will.

Aldworths

Estate.

Ardernes

Estate

4

A Petition of John Hides, late Mayor of St. Ives, in the County of Cornwall (now in Custody of the Serjeant at

Arms, for making a false Return of a Member, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, contrary to the last Determination in Parliament) was presented to the House, and read; acknow ledging Ids Sorrow for having incurred the Displeasure of this House, and begging Pardon for his Offence; and praying, that he may be discharged out of Custody, that he may return to his Family and Employ.

Ordered, That the said John Hides be brought to the Bar Tomorrow Morning, in order to his being discharged out of Custody.

Mr. Vaughan (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, to explain a Power for Sir Vaughan Pryse, Baronet, to settle a Jointure: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Sir Willoughby Hickman, Mr. Goreing, Mr. Eyres, Mr. Halford, Mr. Mr be

added to the Committee, to whom the Bill, for the better putting in Execution an Act, formerly made, for making navigable the Rivers Slower and in the Counties

of Worcester and Stafford, is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Renda, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Ogle-thorp, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Anderton, Mr. Lloyd, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill, for making Provision for the younger Children of Jonath. Castleman Esquire, and for supplying an Omission, in his Fathers Will, for making Leases, is committed.

Mr. Topham reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill, to enable Charles Aldw Esquire, to sell soVne other Lands and Tenements (than his Father settled) for raising his Daughters Portions, and Payment of his Debts, those settled being not sufficient for that Purpose, was committed; that they had examined th© Allegations in the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: W'hich he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill, to enable John Arderne, Esquire, to pay his Father's Debts, and make Provision for his Brothers and Sister, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Edon, Sir Humph. Mackworth, Sir Rich. Onslow, Sir Fra.

Massam, Mr. State, Mr. HyshaMr. Levins, Mr. Stan-

hope, Mr. Child, Mr. Eyres, Mr. Brewer, Mr. King, Mr.

Cox, Mr. Pigott, Colonel Perry, Mr. Lord

Powlett, Mr. Moncton, Mr. Mansell, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Harley, Mr. Comyns, Mr. Bertie, Mr Curson, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Foley, Hit John Kay, Mr. Johnson, Sir John Bland, Mr. Coke, Mr. Fagg, Mr. Harpur, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Blofield; and all that serve for the County of Chester, and for North and South ' Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Leave of Oraered, That Mr. Dyott have Leave to go into the Alienee. Country for a Month, his Lady being dead.

Provision for Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee of the whole Duke of House, who were to consider of the Motion, made upon

ruii'ii ° Friday last (that the Provision, made by her Majesty for

' Vol. 14.

the Duke of Marlborough, during her Majesty's Life, be assured and continued to the said Duke, and the Heirs Male of his Body) the Motion, which they had directed him to make to the House; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Addre That the House be moved, that an humble Address be thereoa. presented to her Majesty, expressing the great Satisfaction they Have, that her Majesty has so just a Value of the Duke of Marlborough's Services, whereby her Majesty, and the Publick, have so great Advantage; and humbly to lay before her Majesty the great Trouble they have, that they cannot comply with her Majesty, to make a Precedent, by alienating the Revenue of the Crown, which has been so lately settled, and has been so much reduced by exorbitant Grants in the last Reign; and to assure her Majesty, that, when she thinks fit to reward such great Services, it will be to the intire Satisfaction of her People.

The same being read a Second time; an Amendment was proposed to be made, by inserting, after " Reign," these Words, " and by the extraordinary Pensions,

" charged on the Revenue by King Charles the 2d, and " King James the ad."

And the Question being put, That those Words be

}>95-

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to hef Majesty, expressing the great Satisfaction this House hath, that her Majesty has so just a Value of the Duke of

borough's Services, whereby her Majesty, and the Publick, have so great Advantage; and humbly to lay before her Majesty the great Trouble they have, that they cannot cofoply with her Majesty, to make a Precedent, by alienating the Revenue of the Crown, which hath been so lately settled, and has been so much reduced, by exorbitant Grants in the last Reign; and to assure her Majesty, that, when she thinks fit to reward such great Services, it will be to the intire Satisfaction of her People.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to draw up the said Address.

And it is referred to Mr. Comptroller of her Majesty's Household, Mr. Finch, Sir William Drake, Mr.

Mr. Secretary Hedges, Mr. Hozc, Sir Jos. Jekyll, Sir Chr. Musgrave, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Smith, Mr. Burnaby,

Mr. Scobell, Mr. Solicitor-general, Mr. Toke, Sir Humph.

Mackworth, 'Kir. Tredenham, Mr. Onslow, Sir John Holland, Lord Chcnic, Mr. Bridges, Sir Edw. Hussey, Mr.

Conyers, Mr. Greville, Mr. Gwyn, Sir Gods. Copley,

Colonel Granville, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Sir

Tho. Hanmore, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Webb, Mr. St,

John, Mr. Harley, Mr. Annesley, Mr. Bertie, Mr. diamond; or any Five of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom- Prince of ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Denmark's House, upon the Bill for enabling her Majesty to settle Revenue-a Revenue, for the supporting the Dignity of his Royal Highness Prince George Hereditary of Denmark, in case he survives her Majesty.

inserted;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth: Tellers for the Yeas, Sir Wm. Strickland, Mr. Henley: Tellers for the Noes, Mr. Verney,

Mr. Coke:

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, for the more easy Monies for Recovery of Monies for repairing Churches, be read the Third time upon Saturday Morning next. ' c ies'

Resokcd, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Supply Bill; ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole CoiJ t>utle» House, u|)on the Bill, for continuing the Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Cynders.

Y,

{Supply Tlill; Anuuilies.

Naval

Discipline.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

stye Election.

Accessaries to Felonies, &c.

Privilege — a Person reprimanded and discharged.

Thomhuirs

Estate.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Occasional

Conformity.

Supply Bill i Land 'l ax.

Conference «itli Lords.

8(5 i(5 — 17 — 18° iDecefnbrU. A. 1702

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning riext, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for purchasing Annuities in the Exchequer

Ordered, That the Bill, for continuing the Act made in the 5th and 6th Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for the better Discipline of her Majesty's royal Navy, be read a Second time upon Friday Morning next.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for granting to her Majesty a Land Tax, for prosecuting the War against France and was committed, the

Amehdments, which the Committee had made to the Bill; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then several of them a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eleven a Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 17 dieDecembris;

Anno primo Annie

Prayers.

RDERED, That the Report, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Port of Rye, be made upon Saturday Morning next

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, for the more effectual Punishment of Accessaries to Felonies, and Receivers of stolen Goods: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved'That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Mayor of St. Ives was (according to Order) brought to the Bar; where he, upon his Knees, received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker.

Ordered, That the Mayor of Ives be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Mr. Bingham (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, for vesting the Farm of in the County of Dorset, in Trustees, for the Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received.

The House (according to Order) resumed the further Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for granting to her Majesty a I.and Tax, for prosecuting the War against France and Spain, was committed: And several other of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were read a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

agreeing to the said Amendments} and had left the Bill, and Amendments, with the Lords.

The House proceeded in the further Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for granting to her Majesty a Land Tax, for prosecuting the War against France and Spain, was committed: And several other of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were read a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and some other of the Amendments were disagreed unto.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That Hemling/ord Hundred, in the County of Warwick, shall pay to this Act, in proportion to the Return made into the Exchequer in 1693:

And the same was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, touching Offices, which have not particular- Places of Execution.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Ordered, That the Bill for the better Accommodation Accommo-of her Majesty's royal Navy, be read a Second time upon £ft,on of Tuesday Morning next

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Mom- Oath of Abing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole juration. House, upon the Bill for enlarging the Time for taking the Oath of Abjuration, and also for recapacitating and indemnifying such Persons, as have not taken the same by the Time, and shall take the same by a Time, to be appointed.

Resolved, That, this House will, upon Wednesday Disfranchi -Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the n81 Iindoa whole House upon the Bill, for the disfrancliising the Borou8l1 Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That the Bill for encouraging the Navigation, Coal Trade, with respect to the Coal Trade, and preventing some Abuses in the same, be read a Second time upon Saturday Morning next

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Mom- Publick ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Account . House, upon the Bill, for taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom.

Ordered, That the Members do, by Tuesday Morning next, Twelve a Clock, prepare Lists, to be put into Glasses, of Seven Persons Names, to be Commissioners in the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mr. Grevill reported, that he (according to Order) having been at the Lords, to desire a Conference, upon the subject Matter of the Amendments, made by their Lordships to the Bill, intituled, An Act for preventing occasional Conformity, the Lords do agree to a Conference presently, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, Tlrat the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned until after the Conference.

Ordered, That the Committee, who were appointed to draw up the Reasons, do manage the Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference.

And being returned;

Mr. Bromley reported, that they had been at the Conference, arid had given the Lords the Reasons for dis-

Veneris, 18° die Decembris;

Anno primo Annie Regina.

Prayers.

MR.- Pigott (according to Order) presented to the Lone' House a Bill, for Sale of several Estates, and that Estate, the Money, thereby raised, may be applied to the Payment of the Debts, now charged thereon, and that the Residue may be placed out at Interest, for the Benefit of Giles Lone, and other Infants, pursuant to their Father's Will: And the same was received.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Cowper's for the vesting of the several Manors, Messuages, Lands, Estate.

and

Annuitants

Arrears.

Great Yarmouth Right of Borough.

Committee of Privileges.

Address respecting Duke of Aiarlbo rough s Provisions.

t Ann. i 8° — DecembAs. % f

and Hereditaments, in the County of Essex, late belonging to John Ccraper, Gentleman, deceased, in Trustees,

to be sold, for better Payment of his Debts, and Legacies, charged thereon, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time;

A Petition of the Contributors to the raising of the Sum of One Million in pursuance of the Act 40

et Mariee, and their several Assignees, and Devisees,

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, upon the Encouragement of the said Act, the Petitioners are entitled to Annuities of 14/. for each too/, by them advanced; and by the Death of several Nominees, the Fund, for securing those Annuities, has been better enabled to answer the Payments; yet an Arrear of One quarterly Payment has been unpaid several Years: And praying, that, out of the Money intended to be raised by the Bill depending, touching Annuities, all Arrears, due to them thereby, may be paid, so that the Fund may hereafter stand charged only with the growing Annuities.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for purchasing Annuities in the Exchequer, is committed.

A Petition of the Bailiffs, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the Borough of Great , in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that by an Act, made in the 10th and 1 ith Years of his late Majesty, for repairing and preserving the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth, several Powers, Rights, and Trusts, are vested in the said Petitioners, and others in the Bailiffs of the said Burgh, or other Officers of the said Corporation; and the said Corporation is also seised of, and entitled to, several Lands, Customs, Prescriptions, Rights, Advantages, Liberties, Franchises, Immunities, Privileges, and Jurisdictions, in the said Corporation; but no Provision hath been made, for continuing the same to the said Corporation, if the Name or Stile thereof should at any time hereafter be altered: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for vesting the Premisses in the said Corporation, from time to time, whensoever the Name and Stile of the said Corporation shall be altered.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. England and Mr. Nicholson do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, that they do hear but Six Causes more, touching Elections, during this Session.

Mr. St. John reported from the Committee, to whom it was referred to draw up an Address, to be presented to her Majesty, with relation, to her Majesty's Message, concerning the Duke of Marlborough, that they had drawn up the same, and had directed him to report it to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is, as followeth; viz.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons, in Parliament assembled, humbly beg Leave to declare our unanimous Satisfaction in the just Esteem your Majesty has been pleased to express of the eminent Services performed by the Duke of Marlborough; who has not only, by his Conduct of the Army, retrieved the ancient Honour and Glory of the English Nation, but, by his Negociations, established an intire Confidence, and good Correspondence, between your Majesty and the States General, and therein vindicated the Gentlemen of England,who had, by the vile Practices of designing Men, been traduced, and industriously re presented as false to your Majesty's Allies, because they w ere true to the Interests of their Country.

Vojl. 14.

It is their unexpressible G rief, that your Majesty's roost dutiful Commons find any Instance, wherein they are unable to comply with what your Majesty proposes to them; but they beg Leave humbly to lay before your Majesty the Apprehensions they have, of making a Precedent so» future Alienations of the Revenue of the Crown, which has been so much reduced by the exorbitant Grants of the last Reign, and which has been so lately settled and secured, by your Majesty's unparalleled Grace and Goodness.

We are infinitely pleased to observe, by your Majesty's late gracious Acceptance of the Duke of s

Services, that the only Way to obtain your Majesty's Favour, is to deserve well from the Publick; and we beg Leave to assure your Majesty, that, whenever you shall think fit to reward such Merit, it will be to the intire Satisfaction of your People.

The said Address, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council, do humbly know her Majesty's Pleasure, when she will be attended by this House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for finishing, adorning, and securing, the Cathedral Church of Paul's.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for enabling her Majesty to settle a Revenue, for the supporting the Dignity of his Royal Highness Prince George Hereditary of Denmark, in case he survives her Majesty;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do take care to make Provision in the Bill, to prevent all Doubts, that may arise, concerning his Royal Highness Prince George of Denmark, being under any Incapacity to hold any Office, by the Act for establishing the Succession of the Crown, in regard he was not born within this Kingdom.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for saving the Right to several Grants to the Duke of Southampton, the Duke and Duchess of Grafton, and the Duke of Northumberland.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to save the Right to several Grants to the Dutchess of Bucclugh and Sir Francis Windham.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Monday Morning next

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, Upon the Bill, for purchasing Annuities in the Exchequer.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made some A mend-ments, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

A Message

St. Paul' Cathedral.

Prince of

Denmark's

Revenue.

Supply Dill Annuities.

Peach/a

Estate.

Goddard's

Estate.

Naval

Discipline.

Castleman's

Will.

Lone'sEstate.

ThomhulTs

Estate.

Woodford

Roads.

Stower, &c. Navigation.

Ditto.

88 18° — 19 Decembris. ' 170a.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pitt, and Doctor Edisbury:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act For Sale of Part of the Estate, late of Peachy

Esquire, deceased, for the Payment of Legacies charged thereon, without any Amendment:

Also the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for better settling the real and personal Estate of John Goddard, Esquire, deceased, to and for the Benefit of John Goddard his Son, and Mary Goddard, his Daughter, Infants, during their Minority; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Bill, for continuing the Act, made in the 5th and 6th Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for the better Discipline of her Majesty's Navy royal, be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Benson, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Hoar, Mr. Harley, Mr. Monckton, Mr. Mason, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill, for making Provision for the younger Children of Jonath. Castleman, Esquire, and for supplying an Omission, in his Father's Will, for making Leases, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 19° die Decembris;

Anno primo Annas Regina.

Praters.

A BIL L, for Sale of several Estates, and that the II Money, raised thereby, may be applied to the Payment of the Debts, now charged thereupon, and that the Residue may be placed out at Interest, for the Benefit of Giles Lone, and other Infants, pursuant to their Fathers Will, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill, for vesting the Farm of in the County of Dorset, in Trustees, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That, the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill, for the better repairing and amending the Highways, from the North End of Thorrrwood Common to Woodford, in the County of Essex, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the BUI be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Bailiff, Burgesses, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of in the County of Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there is a Bill depending in the House, for the better putting in execution an Act, formerly made, for making navigable the Rivers of Stoiver and werp, in the Counties of Worcester and Stafford, the passing whereof will be a very great Damage to the Petitioners: And praying, that they may be heard by their Counsel against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do appoint a Week's further Time l>eyond Tuesday next, to hear the said Petitioners upon their said Petition.

A Petition of Samuel Sandys, Esquire, an Infant, by his Trustees, Sir Jams Rushout and Martin Sandys, and other the Inhabitants of the Parish of in the County of Worcester, Proprietors of Lands and Meadows, adjoining to the River Salwerp was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, if the Bill, depend-2

ing in the House for the better putting in execution an Act, formerly made, for making the Rivers of Slower and Salwerp navigable, should pass into a Law, the same will prove advantageous only to a single Undertaker, and highly prejudicial to the Petitioners just Rights and Properties; that the Petitioners live at a great Distance, and had no Notice of such a Bill intended to be brought into the House: And praying, that they may have a reasonable Time allowed them, to draw up their Reasons, and be heard by their Counsel against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard thereupon, at the same time, that the Borough of Droitwich are heard upon their said Petition.

A Petition of the Merchants, Clothiers, and other Tra- Clandestine ders in the Woollen Manufacture, in and about the Towns exporting of IVakefield and HalliJ'ax,in the County of York, was W°o1'

presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Woollen Manufactory Trade is very much decayed in those Northern Parts, by reason of the Exportation of English Wool, whereby Foreigners are enabled to carry on Woollen Manufactures, to the Discouragement of our own, and Ruin of many thousand Manufacturers; that good Laws are already made, to prevent this Evil, but, for want of Encouragement to Persons authorized to put them in execution, they have greatly failed of their Effect:

And praying, that some Expedient may be found out, for the more effectual preventing the Exportation of English Wool.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee; and that they do report their Opinion, what they conceive proper to be done thereupon.

And it is referred to Sir John Kay, Mr. , Mr.

Curson, Mr. Harpur, Sir William Hustler, Sir Hen. Good-rick, Sir Tho. Davall, Mr. Moor, Mr. Pigott, Sir Edward Hussey, Mr. England, Mr. Ettrick, Sir Robert Edon, Mr.

Vernon, Sir Brian Stapleton, Mr. Blofield, Mr. Topham,

Mr. Lawson, Sir Cha. Hot ham. Sir Jo. Packington, Mr.

Perry, Mr. Benson, Mr. Walsh, Mr. Pudsey, Mr. Harley,

Mr. Yates, Sir Wm.Daynes, Mr. WiMr.;

and all that serve for the Counties of Somerset, Gloucester,

Worcester, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Merchants, Clothiers, and other Tra- Ditto, ders in the Woollen Manufacture, in and about the Town of Leads, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Woollen Manufactory of this Kingdom doth sensibly decline, which is occasioned by the clandestine Exportation of our English Wool into France, and other foreign Countries, where they carry on the Woollen Manufactury, to the great Prejudice of the English Trade; to prevent which Mischief, several goods Laws have been made, but the same have had little Effect, for the want of Encouragement to Persons employed for putting the said Laws in execution:

And praying, that Provision may be made, for the more effectual preventing the Exportation of Wool, and encouraging the English Woollen Manufactures.

OO ©

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the I louse, that he had received Gloucester a Letter from one of the Sheriffs of the City of Gloucester, Wnt-that the other Sheriff died the same Day he received the new Writ, for the electing a Citizen, to serve in Parliament for the said City, in the room of the right honourable John How, Esquire; and that, by reason thereof, and before a new Sheriff was chosen, the County Court is passed, without executing the Writ; and that he desires the Direction of the House, for his Proceedings.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do make out a SujKrsedeas of the said Writ; and (hat Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Citizen, to serve in this present

i Ann. io Decembr. 09

present Parliament for the City of Gloucester, in the room <of the Right honourable John How Esquire, who made his Election, to serve lor the County of Gloucester.

Supply Tiill; Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, for granting to her

LumITux. Majesty a Land Tax, for prosecuting the War against France and Spain, be read the Third time this Day, after the Report, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Port of Rye.

ttyc Elec- Hr. Bromley (according to Order) reported, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to the Committee, touching the Election for the Port of Rye, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the 1 louse; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are, as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of Southwell, Esquire,

complaining of an undue Election and Return of 'Iho. Fagg, Esquire, and Jos. OJfley, Esquire, to serve as Barons in Parliament for the Port of Rye, in the County of Sussex:

That the Poll was agreed to stand thus:

For Mr. Fagg, 40.

For Mr. Off ley, 38.

For Mr. 1Southwell, 25.

That the Counsel for the Petitioner insisted, that the Right of Election was only in the Mayor, Jurats, and in the Freemen, inhabiting in this Port, and paying Scotland Lot.

That the Counsel for the Sitting Members denied Residency to be necessary, or the paying Scotland Lot That, as to the Point of Residency, Evidence w'as given, and not pretended to be contradicted, unless in an Instance or two, of Gentlemen, that had served in Parliament for the said Port, and did not inhabit there, and yet, at the next Election after such Service, had been allowed to vote.

Then, as to the paying Scotland Lot, the Oath of a Freeman was produced; where, among other things, every Freeman swears to pay all Scots and Lots, which shall be due, or happen to be due, or granted to be levied, within the Port. Afterwards Witnesses were called, who spoke to this Matter; that they looked upon the paying Scotland Lot to be necessary; and that they had known those objected to, that did not pay Scotland Lot: But it was proved by others, and not denied by the Petitioner's Witnesses, that one Mr. Radford, who had been a Justice of Peace, and was fallen into Decay, had voted, when he did not pay Scotland Lot

Wahh, That Two or Three were made free, and did Sharp, not pay Scotland Lot, when they voted; one of Palmer, which was an Apprentice, the other a Journeyman, and the last was excused, by reason of his Poverty.

But it w'as said, those were not disputed Elections: And no other Instances, than these, being given, the Committee came to this Resolution:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right of Election of Barons, to serve in Parliament for the Port of Rye, is only in the Mayor, Jurats, and in the Freemen, inhabiting in the said Port, and paying Scotland Lot.

That the Right of Election being thus settled, the Petitioner's Counsel excepted against Twenty-three, who voted for the Sitting Members; Five of which, they said, were Dissenters (vis.Mr. Tucker,

mal, John Dixon, Daniel and John Waite) and had not received the Sacrament within a Year, before they were made free; and therefore were not qualified, according to the Corporation Act of 13 Car. II. to be Freemen of the Port, since, by the Constitution thereof) all the Freemen are concerned in the Government of it To which this Answer was given, that all the Freemen had a right to be summoned to their Assemblies; at which Meetings all Matters, relating to the Government Vol. 14.

of the Port, were transacted: That indeed one Mr. Jeke, and other Dissenters, formerly did not look upon themselves legally qualified to vote, and act, at these Meetings; and therefore, though they came sometimes to them, being desired, to give their Advice, they always withdrew, as soon as they had given it. It was urged, that the Election of Barons, to serve in Parliament, was not at these Assemblies, but at another Court, called the Hundred Court; and they had used to vote there. It was replied, that the same Persons, that constituted the Court of Assemblies, likewise constituted the Hundred Court; and that, if they had no Right to be Members of the one, they could not be Members of the other, nor consequently to vote there.

That it w as further offered for the Petitioner, that there were Three Ways of making Freemen for this Port; viz. 'Fhe eldest Sons of Freemen, born after their Fathers were free, had a Right at Tw enty-one Years of Age, and might demand their Freedom: Secondly, Every Mayor might make One: Thirdly, Any Person might be made free, with the Consent of the Majority of the Freemen at an Assembly; but the Usage of this Port was, that, if any Person, so put up to be made free, w'as rejected, he could not be put up again in the same Mayoralty.

That several Witnesses were called, to prove this Usage; and no Evidence offered to the contrary, but in the Case of Allen Olive, who was rejected, and made free afterwards in the same Mayoralty: And to that it was replied, that he was made free by the Mayor, as his Freeman.

That then Evidence was given of Four (viz. Wa. Walters, 7 ho.Hills, Thankfull Bishop, and John Young) that

had been rejected the last Year, and were put up again, and made free in the same Mayoralty.

And that these Four, with the Five Dissenters, made Thirteen others (viz. ft'. ChiszceGeo. Bura arth, Morgan Warner, Hen. Parker, Peter Collins, Tho. Thompson, Robert Hounslet, Tho. Greble, John Dad, Wm. Osborne, Eaw. Swaine, Jos. Breads, and Robert Smith) free by the Majority of their Votes; which, it was therefore insisted, were not duly made Freemen.

Robert Swain, another, who voted for the Sitting Members, was also excepted against, as not paying Scotland Lot.

That, on the other Side, it wa offered for the Sitting Members, and in Excuse for the making of Freemen, that were rejected, and others, that they were Men of good Substance: That the Mayor had several times declared his Intention of making more Freemen, and had mentioned to them, that he understood, that the House of Commons designed the increasing the Number of Electors in those Places, where they did not exceed 50; and thereiore thought it a prudent Precaution in them to make the Freemen of this Port at least 50.

That then they proceeded to prove indirect Practices; and Witnesses; viz.

Wm. Osborne, John Hicknal, were called; who said, that the Lord Ashbumham came to Rye, and treated the Freemen about a Month before the Election, and before the Dissolution of the last Parliament: That he then recommended the Petitioner to them, and told them, That would be the Way to have a good Harbour, and to have Convoys, and Protections; in which the Petitioner, being at Court, would be more capable, than another, to serve them: And they said, some of their Neighbours told them afterwards, they had Protections.

That the Counsel further said, they could object to several, that voted for the Petitioner, as having not received the Sacrament; but named none: And said, that he had not proved, any of them were so qualified.

That they supposed, the Committee would not examine into the making of Freemen some Years since, they being in Possession, and not made free upon this Occasion.

That then they withdrew, and the Committee came to the following Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Tho. Fagg, Esquire, is duly elected a Baron, to serve in Parliament for the Port of Rye, in the County of Sussex.

Z Resolved,

Queen appoint to be attended.

Supply Bill; Land l ax.

Poor.

Monies for

repairing

Churches.

Coal Trade.

190 — 21° Decembris. A. 170

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Joseph Offley, Esquire, is not duly elected a Baron, to serve in Parliament for the said Port of Rye.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Edward Southwell, Esquire, is duly elected a Baron, to serve in Parliament for the said Port of Rye.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House upon Monday Morning next, to amend the Return for the Port of Rye, in the County of by

rasing out the Name of Joseph Offley, Esquire, and inserting Edio. Southwell, Esquire, instead thereof

tion, with respect to the Coal Trade,- and preventing some Abuses in the same, be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- Army Debu. ing next, take into Consideration the Account of the Proceedings of the Five Commissioners, appointed to take, examine, anil determine, the Debts, due to the Army,

Navy, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes, taken during the late War.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Supply fiifi; whole House, to whom the bill, for purchasing Annui- Annuities, ties in the Exchequer, was committed, be made upon Monday Morning next.

Colonel Granville reported to the House, that her Majesty having been attended (according to Order) to know her Majesty's Pleasure, when she w ould be attended by this House, her Majesty has been pleased to appoint Monday next, at Four a Clock, at St. James's.

An ingrossed Bill, for granting to her Majesty, a Land Tax, for prosecuting the War against France and Spain, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, for such Hospitals to be taxed by this Bill, as were taxed in the Year 1603:

And the same was once read.

And the Question being put. That the Clause be read a Second time;

The House divided: t

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,

Mr. Harpur, )

Mr. Rcrwney:

Tellers for the Noes,

Mr. Vernon, \

Mr. Fleming: 3

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Clause was read a Second time, and also a Third time, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then the several Amendments following were successively proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press L. # To insert " or Place."

Press 192. L 25. After " such," insert "City;" and after " Borough," to insert " Town, Cinque Port, " or Place."

Press last, At the End of the Bill, to leave out, " And " if any Person shall attempt to do otherwise, it " shall be in the Power of her Majesty's Court of " Exchequer to give Relief;" and to insert, instead thereof, " unless it shall be otherwise settled " and determined by Two Thirds at least of the " Commissioners, who shall be present at the first " general Meeting; and the said Commissioners are " hereby required and impowered to settle, and " finally to determine, the same."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at foe Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for granting to her Majesty a Land Tax, for prosecuting foe War against France and Spain.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry foe Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of foe whole House, tipon the Bill, for the better Provision for, and settling, the Poor in Places extra-parochial.

Ordered, That foe ingrossed Bill, for the more easy Recovery of Monies for repairing Churches, be read the Third time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Bill, for encouraging the Naviga-

... 12

Ordered, That Sir John Thotvld, Sir Henry Picketing, Bowrs Mr. Pigott, Mr. Harley, be added to the Committee, to Estate, w hom the Bill, for vesting in Trustees an Estate in Essex, and London, for Payment of the Debts and Legacies of Tho. Harlackenden Bowes Esquire, deceased, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning,

Nine a Clock.

Luna, 21 die;

Anno primo Anns Regina.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Dame Anna Maria Price, Re- i>rire lift of Sir John Price, Baronet, deceased, on behalf Estate, of herself and of Anna Maria, Elizabeth, Penelope, and Juliana, Price, Infants, to whom she is Guardian, as also of Sir Edmund Warcup, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there is a Bill depending in this House, for explaining a Power for Sir Vaughan Price,

Baronet to settle a Jointure; which Bill, if it should pass, as it now is drawn, will greatly prejudice the Petitioners: And praying, that they may be heard, what they have to object against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tabl until foe said Bill be read a Second time.

The Clerk of the Crown attended, and (according to nye Return Order) amended foe Return for the Port of Rye. amended.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Goddird for better settling the real Estate and personal Estate of Estate.

John Goddard Esquire, deceased, and to and for the Benefit of John Goddard, his Son, and Mary Goddard, his Daughter, Infants, during their Minority, was read foe First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Major-General Earle, being chosen a Burgess for the Portsmouth Borough of Portsmouth, in the County of Southampton, Writ, and also for the Borough of Wareham.in foe County of Dorset, made his Election, to serve for the said Borough of Wareham.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess; t<? serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Portsmouth, in the room of the said 77/o. Earle Esqaire.

Mr. England (according to Order) presented to the Great Yar-House a Bill, for explaining, and making effectual, a late month Right Statute, concerning the Haven and Piers of the Borough of Uw-ougU. of Great Yarmouth, and for confirming the Rights and Privileges of foe Burgh: And the same was received.

The Bill wa9 read foe First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill, for the more effectual Punishment of Accessa- Acerssaries ries to Felonies, and Receivers of stolen Goods, was to felonies, read a Second time. &c-

Resolved,

HackeU'ft

Estate.

Castleman's

Will.

Lord

Ca&bell's

Estate.

i Ann. 2i° Decembris. 91

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Solicitor-general, Sir Joseph Jekyll, Mr. , Mr. Serjeant

Hooper, Mr. Gztyn, Mr. Curson, Mr. Pagit, Mr. Top-ham, Mr. Necill, Mr. Crosse, Sir Mr.

sey, Mr. Jagg, Mr. Hicks, Mr. Lee, Mr. King, Sir F.dw. Hussey, Mr. Holmes, Sir Fra. Blake, Mr. Boyle, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Vane, Sir John Holland, Sir Kick. Pelham; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe, and all for Middlesex, London, and And they

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, that, in all Cases of Treasons, and Felonies, the Witnesses for the Prisoner shall be upon Oath.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, for taking away the Benefit of Clergy, as to such Offences, as are Felony within the Statute of 22 and 23 Car. II. intituled, An Act to prevent the Delivery up of Merchants Ships, and for the Increase of good and serviceable Shipping.

Sir John Thorold reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill, for enabling Andrew Hackett, Esquire, to dispose of several Messuages, and Lands, in the Counties of Stafford and Warwicand City of Litchfield, for making Provision for his younger Children, upon settling another Estate in Str in Lincolnshire, of better Value, to the same Uses, as the said Estate in the Counties of Stafford and Warwick, and City of Litchfield, is now' settled, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; w here the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Moncton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill, for making Provision for the younger Children of Jonathan Castleman, of Coubertly, in the County of

Gloucester, Esquire, and for supplying an Omission, in his Father's Will, of a Power for making Leases, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill, to enable Richat'dLord Bulkley Viscount Cashclls,

in the Kingdom of Ireland, and Richard Bulkley, Esquire, his Son, to make a Settlement of their Estate, in Consideration of the intended Marriage of the said Richard, notwithstanding his being under the Age of One-and-twenty Years, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and Vol. 14.

then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill, for the encouraging the Consumption of malted Running ©I Corn, and for preventing foe Frauds in running of French Br ndy-Brandy, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That foe Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hquse, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill, for Prevention of Escapes out of the Queen's Queens Bench and Fleet Prisons, was read the Third time. Bench "nd

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, et n on ‘ An Act for the better preventing Escapes out of the Queens Bench and Fleet Prisons.

Ordered, That Mr. Crosse do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Supply B31} Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for Annu " ' purchasing Annuities in the Exchequer, was committed, the Amendments, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That, in case the Duties of Excise, formerly'granted for Payment of precedent Annuities, shall prove deficient, the same shall be made good out of the next Aids to be granted by Parliament:

And the same was Twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks were filled up; and then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for Payment of Malt Tickets, and Exchequer Bills, that have casually been lost, or destroyed, Oath being thereof made before any of the Exchequer Barons, and upon giving Security, to indemnify the Officer paying foe same:

And the same was Tw ice read, with Blanks for a Commencement; and the Blanks were filled up.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be made Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill, for encouraging the Navigation, with resjject Coal Trade, to the Coal Trade, ana preventing some Abuses in the same, was (according to Order) read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Supply Bill; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Coal Duties, the Bill, for continuing the Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Cynders.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Prince of whole House, to w hom the Bill, for enabling her Majesty Denmark's to settle a Revenue, for the supporting the Dignity of his Revenufr: Royal Highness Prince George Hereditary of Denmark, in case he survives her Majesty, was committed, be made upon Wednesday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Army Debt , ing next, at Eleven a Clock, take into Consideration foe Account of the Proceedings of the Five Commissioners, appointed to (ake, examine, and determine, the Debts,

' dqe

Slower, &c. Navigation.

Leave of Absence

Apprentices in Uoollen Manufactures

Supple's

Estate.

Leave of Absence

Price's

Estate.

ai6 — aa°

due to the Army, Navy, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes, taken during the late War.

Ordered, That Mr. Bertie, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Hele, Mr. Woolcombe, be added to the Committee, to whom

the Bill, for the better putting in Execution an Act, formerly made, for making the R ivers and

navigable, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 22 die Decembris;

Anno primo Annas Regime.

Praters.

ORDERED, that Mr. Davy have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, for Recovery of his Health.

Mr. Meyrick (according to Order) presented to the

House a Bill, for the better Encouragement of the Woollen Manufacture, by repealing certain Laws relating the reunto: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Fortnight.

A Bill, to enable the Devisees of James Supple, and all claiming under them, to make Leases, for Improvement of the Estate devised, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Drake, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. St. Loe, Mr. Harley, Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. Dryden, Mr. Blofield, Mr Price, Mr. Topham, Mr. Gauntlet, Colonel Lee, Mr. Rorwney, Mr. Gery, Mr. Crosse, Sir Tho. Davall, Mr. Milton, Mr. Parke)', Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Holmes, Mr. Pigott, Mr Conyers, Sir Humph. Mackworth, Mr. Shackerly, Mr. Anstis, Mr. Nicholson, Sir Matth. Dudley, Sir Robert Edonand all, that serve for the Counties of Kent, Surry, and Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Whitaker have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

The Lord Marquis of Hartington reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill, for confirming a Division of a Third Part of the Manor of Burton-Dasset, in the County of Warwick, heretofore made by the Owners thereof, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found them to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill, to explain a Power, for Sir Vaughan , Baronet, to settle a Jointure, was read a. Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Laurne, Sir Cha. Shuckborough, Mr. Blofield, Mr. Swift, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Mitt on, Mr. Drake, Mr. Mitchell, M r. Soames, Mr. Storehouse, Mr Mr. Lake,

Mr. Foley, Sir Robert Jenkinson, Mr. Meyrick, Sir John Packington, Mr. Carew, Mr. Solicitor-general, Mr. Kinaston, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. North, Mr. Bromley, Sir Roger Bradshaw, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Yates, Mr.

Decembris. A. 1702.

Curson, Sir Wm. Drake, Mr. , Sir John Conway,

Sir Fra. Blake, Mr. Loyd, Mr. vney, Mr. Smithson, Mr. Norris, Sir John Poole; and all, that serve for North and South Wales, and for the Counties of Salop

and Hereford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Petition of Dame Anna Maria Price, Relict of Sir Price, Baronet, deceased, on behalf of herself, and of Anna Maria, Elizabeth, Penelope, and Juliana, Price, 1 nfants, to whom she is Guardian, as also of Sir hich was

ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Second Reading of the said Bill) be referred to the said Committee.

An ingrossed Bill, to enable Charles Aldworth, Esquire, to sell some other Lands and Tenements, than his Father settled, for raising his Daughters Portions, and Payment of his Debts, those settled being not sufficient for that Purpose, was read the Third time.'

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act to enable Charles Alduorth, Esquire, to sell Lands and Tenements, for Payment of his Father's Debts, and his Sisters Portions.

Ordered, That Mr. Topham do carry the Bill to the . Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Sir William Hustler presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill, for continuing several Laws therein mentioned: And the same was received.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers, and Sir Lacon William Child:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for rectitying a Mistake in a late Act, to enable Sir Robert Marsham, Knight and Baronet, to dispose of Lands in Hertfordshire, and to settle other Lands, of better Value, in Kent, to the same Uses, as the Lands in Hertfordshire are settled, without any Amendments:

Also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act concerning the Exchange of certain Lands, lying in or near Brampton,in the County of Northampton, for

Lands, lying in or near Wickham, in the County of Lincoln; to which their Lordships desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill, for purchasing Annuities in the Exchequer, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty, by Sale of several Annuities at the Exchequer, for carrying on the War against France and Spuine.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Crosse reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill, for the better improving a certain Piece of Ground in the Parish of St. Martin the Fields, and for other the Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Speaker reported, that the House Yesterday attended her Majesty with their Address, relating to the Duke of Marlborough; and that her Majesty was pleased to give the gracious Answer following; viz.

1 shall

A Id worths Estate.

Exporting Leather, it

Marsham a Estate,

Brampton Exchange of Lands,

Supply Bill;

Annuities.

St. Martin in the Fields Estate.

Answer to Address.

Accommodation of the Navy.

Ditto.

Oath of Abjuration.

Public

Account *

r Ann. aa° — 13°

I shall always think myself much concerned to reward those, who deserve well of Me, and of the Publick.

On this Occasion I bestowed some Favours on the Duke of Marlborough, and I am glad to find, you think,

they have been well placed.

A Bill, for the better Accommodation of her Majesty's Navy, was (according to Order) read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the wty)le House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of Richard Boevater was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner is well entitled to certain Lands and Premisses, lying next adjacent to her Majesty's Dock-yard at upon Part

whereof the Officers of the Navy have erected a large Storehouse, and some other Buildings on other Part of the Petitioner's Estate, though forbid by the Petitioner; but those Buildings being not thought sufficient for the publick Service, a Treaty was, about a Year since, on foot for other Part of the Petitioner's Estate, which he offered for 4,500l. (though worth 5,000l.) and for which Mr. Letch-mere, the Counsel for the Admiralty, offered 4,000l. but there has since been no further Proceeding on the said Treaty, upon the Prospect of passing the Bill, depending in the House, for the better Accommodation of lier Majesty's Navy (as the Petitioner believes): And praying, that he may be heard by his Counsel against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee; and that the Petitioner be heard by his Counsel, before the Committee, thereupon, if he thinks fit.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, upon the Bill, for enlarging the Time for taking the Oath of Abjuration, and also for recapacitating and indemnifying such Persons, as have not taken the same by the Time, and shall take the same by a Time to be appointed;

And the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for taking, examining, end stating, the pulAick Accounts of the Kingdom; and for the making Choice of Commissioners for the said Bill;

T be Clerk, and Clerk-assistant, went on each Side the House, with Glasses, to receive from the Members their Lists of Persons Names, to be Commissioners:

And being received, the same were brought up to the Table.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to examine the Lists, and report to the House, upon which Seven Persons the Majority falls.

And it is referred to Sir Matthew Dudley, Mr. darvis, Mr. Rowney, Colonel Lee, Mr. Holmes, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Bingham, Sir Nich. Morris, Mr. Eyres, LordEWkf, Mr. Blojiehl, Mr. Gulston, Mr. Cox, Mr. Mansell, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Laume, Mr. Clayton, Mr. How, Mr, Southwell, Mr. Fagg, Sir Jeffery Jeff'ryes, Mr. Leoinz, Sir Humph. Maclczoorth, Mr. lia-tnond, Mr. Annesley, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Sparks, Sir Jacob Ashely, Mr. Sir John Hol-

land, Mr. Anstis: And-they are to withdraw into the Speaker's Chambers, and report, upon which Seven Persons the Majority foils.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hamond took the Chair of the Committee.

Vo 14.

Decembris. 93

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hamond reported from the said Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made some Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report bo made Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for continuing the Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Cynders:

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Powerto receive a Clause of Credit

And then the House resolved itself into the said Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow

Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for the encouraging the Consumption of malted Com, and for preventing the Frauds in running of French Brandy.

And then the House adjourned, till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 23 die Decembris;

Anno prbno Annse Regime,

Praters.

A PET ITION of Richard Strode Esquire, Son and Heir to Sir William Strode, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that... is entitled to certain Lands, called Lambhay, situate near Plymouth, whereon several Buildings were erected, which were pulled down by the Order of the Crown, and the Lands enjoyed by the Crown many Years, without any Satisfaction to the Petitioner for the same, notwithstanding the re have been many References, Inquisitions, and Reports, concerning the same: And praying, that the Petitioner's Case, touching the said Premisses, may be taken into Consideration, before the passing of the Bill, for the better Accommodation of her Majesty's Navy.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to

whom the said Bill is committed.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford, and Mr. Rogers:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to her Majesty a Land Tax, for carrying on the War against France and Spain, without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill, for Sale of several Estates, and that the'Money, thereby raised, may be applied to the Payment of the Debts now charged thereupon, and that the Residue may be placed out at Interest, for the Benefit of Giles Lone, and other Infants, pursuant to their Father's Will, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Verney, Sir Robert Jenkinson, Mr. Gape, Mr. Blofield, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Cesar, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Clayton, Sir John

A a

Supply Bill; Coal l)utias»

Running of Brandy

Accommodation of the Navy

Supply BUI; Land Tax

Lone's

Estate,

Lord Cash-ell's Estate.

Castleman's

Will

Darwent

Navigation.

Disfranchising llindon Borough.

St. Paul's Cathedral.

Monies for

repairing

Churches.

Prince of

Denmark's

Revenue.

94

230 Decembris.

A. 1702.

dant, Sir Tho. Davall, M r. FMr. Ansiis, Mr. Winstanley, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Mr. Naylor,

Mr. Shackeriy, Sir Robert Edon, Mr. Vernon, Sir John

Kay, Sir Jeffry Jeffryes, Sir John Sir Cha.

Turner; and all that serve for the Counties of Cambridge and Essex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at

Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed J Billi to enable' Rich Lord Bulhley Viscount Cashells, of the Kingdom oi' Ireland, and Richard Bulkley, Esquire, his Son, to make a Settlement of their Estate, in consideration of the intended Marriage of the said Richard, notwithstanding his being under the Age of One-and-twenty Years, was read the- Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act to enable Richard Lord Viscount Bulkley, Viscount Cashells, in the Kingdom of Ireland, and Richard Bulkley, Esquire, his Son, to make a Settlement, upon the Marriage of the said Richard Bulkley.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereuuto.

An ingrossed Bill, for making Provision for the younger Children of Jonathan Custleman,of in the County of Gloucester, Esquire, and for supplying an Omission, in his Father's Will, of a Power for making Leases, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An .-Act for making Provision for the younger Children of Jonathan Castleman,of Coubertley, in the County of

Gloucester, Esquire, and for supplying an Omission, in his Father's Will, of a Power for making Leases.

Ordered, That Mr. Brett' do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill, for making the River Darwent, in the County of Derpy, navigable, was committed, be made upon the First Day of the Sitting of the House after the intended Recess.

Resdlved, That tins House will, upon this Day Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for the disfranchising the Borough of Hin-don, in die County of Wilts.-

Resolved, That this House will, upon diisDay Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for finishing, adorning, and securing, the Cathedral Church of St. Paul's.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, for the more easy Recovery of Monies for repairing Churches, be read the Third time upon Tomorrow Sevennight

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for enabling her Majesty to settle a Revenue, for the supporting the Dignity of his Royal Highness Prince George Hereditary of Denmark, in case he survives her Majesty, was committed, the Amendments, made by the Committee to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause "was offered to be added to the Bill, That nothing therein contained shall extend to prejudice the Payment of an Annuity of 4,000l. to the Earl of Rochester, for Ninety-nine Years, if he and his eldest Son should so long live, payable out of the Revenue of the Post-office, granted by Letters Patents, dated January, in the Second Year of the Reign of the late King James the Second.

And the same was Twice read, and, upon the Question

put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That it shall not prejudice certain Letters Patents, dated the 12th of September, in the 30th Year of King Charles the 2d, granted in Trust for the Earl of Litchfield.

And the same was Twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Same shall not exteud to prejudice an Annuity of 5,000l. granted to the Duke of Leeds, by Letters Patents, dated the 8th of August, 3 Willielmi et Maria, payable out of the Post-office for 21 Years.

And the same was Twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon,. agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That it shall not extend to prejudice the Payment of Two Annuities, of 10,07.2/. 1 os. $d. and 1,236/: 1 1 £</,

granted to the Queen Dowager out of the hereditary Excise, by Letters Patents, dated 20th December, 1672, and the 9th October, 1674.

And the same was Twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for saving Duke Schonberg's Right to an Anrtuity of 4,000l. payable out of the Post-office, by Letters Patents, of the 15th of February, 7® WiUielmi.

And the same was Twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill That the same shall not extend to prejudice Letters Patents, of 27® Sept S Wi Uielmi IIP , for granting 1,000l. per Annum to William Earl of payable out of the Post-office, for his Life.

And the same was Twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That it shall not extend to prejudice a Grant, made by King Charles the 2d, to Sir Samuel Morland, of 200l. per Annum, payable out of the Hereditary Excise.

And the same was Twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That no Person in the Family or Household of his Royal Highness Prince George Hereditary of Denmark, or that shall receive any Salary, Fee, or Pension, from him, or shall have any Place or Employment of Profit or Trust under him, shall be capable of serving as a Member of the House of Commons.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,

Sir William Strickland,

Mr. Roberts:

Tellers for the Noes,

Mr. Saunderson,: > ____

Mr. Curson: J °9

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the BUI, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from her Majesty, by Sir David Mitchell, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Queen commands this honourable House to attend her Majesty in the House of Peers immediately.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend her Majesty:

And being returned;

Mr.

} *

Message from her Majesty.

i Ann\ 230 Detembris. — 40 Januarii. 95

Royal Assent Mr. Speaker reported, that her Majesty had been to Bills. pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several Rills following; viz.

An Act for granting to her Majesty a Land Tax, for carrying on the War against France and Spain.

An Act for rectifying a Mistake in a late Act, intituled, An Act to enable Sir Robert Knight and

Baronet, to dispose of Lands, in Hertfordshire, and to settle other Lands, of better Value, in Kent, to the same Uses, as the Lands in Hertfordshire are settled.

An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate, late of JVm. Peachy, Esquire, deceased, for Payment of Legacies charged thereupon.

Tellers for the Noes,

Sir Roger Mr. Nicholas:

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for Qualification the more free and impartial Proceedings in Parliament, of Members, by providing, that nq Person shall be chosen a Member of the House of Commons, but such, as have a sufficient real Estate; and that Mr. How, Sir John Leveson Gower,

Sir Roger Mostin, Sir Rich. Onslow, Sir Geo.

Lord Marquis Hartington, Sir Tko. do prepare,

and bring in the same.

(Can «f the Ordered, That Leave be given to Sir Christopher Mas-Hou&e. grave to make a Motion, it being past One a Clock.

And he moved accordingly.

Ordered, That the House be called over.

Ordered, That the House be called over upon Tuesday come Sevennight.

Ordered, That such Members, as shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending tills House.

Resumption Ordered, That Mr. Comptroller have Leave to make »f Grant . a Motion.

And he moved accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for resuming all Grants, made in the last Reign, and applying them to the Use of the Publick; and that Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Solicitor-general, Mr Freeman, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That Mr. Walpole have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved accordingly.

And the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for resuming all the Grants, made in the Reign of the late King James',

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,

Mr. Walpole, } 81.

Mr. Henley: Tellers for the Noes, Sir Roger Mostin,

Mr. Brett: j 173-

Impartial

Proceeding

iaPailiament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to Sir John Holland to make a Motion.

And he moved accordingly.

And the Question being proposed, That Leave be

fiven to bring a Bill, for the more free and impartial ‘roceedings in Parliament;

An Amendment was proposed, to add, " by providing, u that no Person whatsoever, in any Office or Employment, shall be capable of sitting in Parliament."

And the Question being put, That those Words be added;

The House divided: The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,

Mr. Bruce, Sir Tho. Hanmore: } 135-

Tellers for the Noes,

Lord Win. Pow/et, Sir Cha. Hot ham ] 80.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for the more free and impartial Proceedings in Parliament, by providing, that no Person whatsoever, in any Office or Employment, shall be capable of sitting in Parliament;

The House divided: The Yeas go forth: Tellers for the Yeas, Sir Walter Yonge, Sir Rich. Onslow: Vol. 14.

77-

Ordered, That the Account of the Proceedings of the Army Debt , Five Commissioners, appointed to take, examine, and determine, the Debts, due to the Army, Navy, and for Transport Service, and- also an Account of (be Prizes,

.taken during the late War, be taken into Consideration upon this Day Fortnight.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Public Ac-whole House, to whom the Bill, for taking, examining, count , and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, was committed, be made the First Day of the sitting of the House after the intended Recess.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Supply Bill; whole House, to whom the Bill, for continuing the Duties Dutie upon Coals, and Culm, and Cinders, was committed, be made the First Day of the sitting of the House after the intended Recess.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of Highun Fer-Privileges and Elections, that they do not meet To-night, rer Election, but that they do meet Tomorrow, at Eleven a Clock, to proceed in the Cause, touching the Election for the Borough of Iiigham Ferrers,' which they have begun to hear.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Adjournment That the House do adjourn till this Day Sevennight,

Nine a Clock;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,

Sir Cha.Turner,

Mr. Wilde:

Tellers for the Noes,

Mr. Bridges,

Mr. Tredenham:

So it passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Sevennight, Nine a Clock.

51.

74-

Lunce, 4 die Januarii;

Anno primo Annas Regina.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Brampton Act, concerning the Exchange of certain Lands, Exchang of lying in or near Brampton, in the County of - Lands

ampton, for Lands, lying in or near JVickham, in the County of Lincolne, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Goddard' for better settling the real and personal Estate of John E tat . Goddard, Esquire, deceased, to and for the Benefit of John Goddard, his Son, and Mary Goddard, his Daughter,

Infants, during their Minority, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gwynne,

Mr. Pendurvis, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Bingham, Mr. Hyde,

Mr. Blofeld, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Chaffin, Sir Nich. rice, Sir Fra. Warr, Mr. Clark, Mr. Nappicr, Mr.

Snell, Mr. Banks, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Manaton, Mr.

Clayton, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Fowndes, Sir Robert Edon, Mr

Wild,

v

Committees

Stawell's

Estate.

Owen's

Estate.

Lystsr's

Estate.

Darwent

Navigation.

Lone'sEstate.

Morris'

Estate.

Supply Bill; Subsidies.

96 4° Januarii. A 170a.

Wild, Mr. Crosse, Mr. Dryden Mr. Anstis, Sir Wm. Phippard, Sir JVdter Clarges, Sir Tho. Decall, Mr. How, Colonel Strangwaies, Mr. England, Mr. Mr.

Hoblyn; and all that serve for the Counties of Somerset and Dorset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John and Sir John Hoskins:

Mr. Speaker,

The Loras have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable William Coleman, Esquire, and others, to make Sale of Lands, for Payment of the Debts and Legacies of William Stawell, Esquire, deceased, with some Amend meats, to which they desire the Concurrence of this House:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the vesting divers Lands and Tenements of Edward Owen, of Eaton-Mascott, in the County of Salop, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts, without any Amendment:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for charging the Estate, late of Thomas Esquire deceased, with Maintenances for his Nine younger Children, with an Amendment, to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.'

Mr. Harpur (according to Order) reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill, for making the River Darwent, in the County of Derby, navigable, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That nothing therein contained shall extend to such Part of the said River, as is the Inheritance or Estate of the Duke of Devonshire,or Earl of Chesterfields,without their Consents.

And the same was Twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause Was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Undertakers shall repair such Damages, as shall be made, concerning the Navigation.

And the same was Twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks filled up; and upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Sir Cha. Bloys, Sir Matth. Dudley, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Bence, Mr. Randall, Mr.

Soames, Mr. Storehouse, Mr. Clark, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill, for Sale of several Estates, and that the Money, thereby raised, may be applied to the Payment of the Debts now charged thereupon, and the Residue be placed out at Interest, for the Benefit of Giles Lone, and other Infants, pursuant to their Fathers Will, is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Fleming, Sir Jacob Ashley, Lord Dysert, Mr. Hunt, Sir Cha. Bloys, Mr. Walpole, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill, for Sale of Part of the Estate of Charles Morris, Esquire, for Payment of Debts charged thereon, and for the making Provision for his younger Children, is committed.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for granting divers Subsidies to her Majesty, for carrying on the present War.

Mr. Secretary Hedges acquainted the House, that he had a Message, signed by her Majesty, together with several Papers, relating the reunto: And he presented the same to the House.

And the Message was read by Mr. Speaker, and is, as followeth; viz.

Anne R.

HER Majesty, having received several Letters from the States General of die United Provinces, as also several Memorials from their Ambassadors, setting forth the great Apprehensions they lie under, from the extraordinary Preparations of France to attack diem early in the Spring, and the Necessity, as they conceived, of making an Augmentation of the Forces of England vaA.Holland, as the only Means to prevent the immediate Ruin, which threatened their Country, was pleased thereupon to propose some Expedient to the States General, which, she hoped, might have been of Advantage to the common Interest, and relieved diem, in some Measure, from their just Apprehensions, without having Recourse to her Parliament: But those Expedients, proposed by her Majesty to the States General, not having produced the Effect she hoped for; and the States having again renewed their Applications to her Majesty, with more Earnestness than before, to assist them, in this Time of their Danger, with an Augmentation cf her Forces, as the only Means to disappoint the Effect of these great and early Preparations, which the French are making against them; her Majesty has commanded the several Letters, and Representations, which have passed between her Majesty and the States General, upon this Subject, to be herewith transmitted to you, that you may the better judge of the Danger which threatens them.

Her Majesty conceives this Matter to be of such great Consequence, as indispensably obliges her to acquaint you with the present State of it, that she may have your Advice upon it; not doubting, but you will take such Measures upon this Occasion, as may be most for the Honour and Advantage of her Majesty, the Safety of her Kingdoms, and die necessary Support of her Allies.

St. James's, January 4th, 170-J-.

And the said other Papers, relating the reunto, were also read, and are, as follow; viz.

N I. The States General's Letter to the Queen.

Madam,

AS soon as the last Campaign was at an end, and that the Troops were marched into Winter Quarters, we sent Orders to our Ambassadors with your Majesty, to return you Thanks for die considerable Succour of Troops which your Majesty hath sent, and entertained, on this Side the Water, for the Good of the common Cause; to express to your Majesty the Satisfaction we have received in the Prudence and wise Conduct of the Earl of Marlborough, whom you had intrustedwith the Command of them, and who, upon all Occasions, has given Proofs of hi Valour and Zeal for the publick Good, as well as die Troops of their Bravery; and to congratulate your Majesty upon the glorious Success of your Arms. We do not doubt, but our Ambassadors have already performed their Duty herein; but to make appear to your Majesty, more particularly, our Acknowledgment, we have thought it proper to renew our Assurances thereof, and to reiterate our Congratulations, by this letter, and to add thereunto those, which we make with all our Hearts, by reason of the Victory, which die confederate Fleet has obtained at Vigo, whereof.we have since received the News beseeching God to bless more and more your Majesty's sacred Person, and all your just Undertakings. But as we rejoice with your Majesty, upon so happy and glorious a Beginning of a War, into which we are entered with your Majesty, and the other Allies, for maintaining the Liberty of 1 " Eurojye,

Message

from toe Queen — State of the War.

i Ann. 4 ° Januar07

Europe, and restoring the publick Tranquillity; we cannot, at the same time, but look forward, and consider of the Means, we think necessary for preserving, and carrying on further, the Advantages, we have gained over the Enemies in the last Campaign, and to communicate our Thoughts to your Majesty, as the strongest Support of the common Cause, and the Protestant Religion, in whom we have an intire Confidence.

Your Majesty will, no doubt, agree with us, that, next to God's Blessing, the good Success, we have had, is chiefly to be attributed to the Superiority in Number of Troops, that we had over the Enemy; from whence it follow eth, that, for maintaining, and improving, the Advantages obtained, and to oblige the Enemy to the Terms of a general, secure, and honourable. Peace, it will be requisite, aliove all Things, to keep up the same Superiority of Forces: Rut, since the French King is resolved to augment considerably his Troops, and that they are now actually about it in France, and that it appears from all Parts, that, the next Year, our Enemies intend to do their utmost Effort, to regain their Loss, and retrieve the Reputation of their Arms; we are persuaded, that voer Majesty, according to your great Prudence, is of the same opinion with us, that it will be absolutely necessary to augment likewise considerably the Forces of the Allies in these Parts; that we may not be in danger ot losing the Glory, and the Advantages, gained in the last Campaign; the ill Consequences whereof are so evident, that we should wrong your Majesty's great Wisdom, if we should relate them more at large: \Vc only beseech your Majesty to reflect seriously upon it, as you are used to do on all things, that concern the publick Good; and, since it is so absolutely necessary, that you will please to increase your Troops on this Side, by a considerable Number, so as that they may be in a Condition to act early in the Field. Your Majesty is very sensible, how much we are already over-charged, even above our Strength; however, if we are encouraged by your Majesty's Example, we shall endeavour to make another Attempt upon ourselves, and People, and to augment likewise our Forces above the Number we have at present; that so, in Conjunction with your Majesty, and the other Allies, we may maintain a Superiority, which is so absolutely necessary, and carry on foe War with so much Vigour, that it may be soon and happily ended; to restore Peace to , and to your Majesty's Kingdoms, as well as our State, a sufficient Se-, entity for their Liberty and Religion: And as we may expect all things from your Majesty's renowned Zeal lor the common Cause, we protest, that we will endeavour to concur therein, to the utmost of our Power, and to give on all Occasions, Proofs of our inviolable Adherence to your Majesty's Interest In the mean time we pray God, Madam, that he will fill your Majesty's lteign with Happiness, and bless your royal Person with Health, and along Life. At the Hague,foe 26th of November, 1702.

Your Majesty's very humble Servants,

The States General of foe United Provinces.

IV. de Nassau.

By their Order.

J. Fagel.

N II. The States Ambassadors Memorial of November, 1702.

Madam,

TI1E underwritten Ambassadors, and Envoy extraordinary, of the States General of foe United Provinces, have Orders, in the Name of their Masters, to give your Majesty their most humble Thanks, for the considerable N umber of Troops, as well , as Foreigners,

which your Majesty has been pleased to employ the last Campaign in Favour of the common Cause: Their High and Mightinesses are in like manner obliged to acknowledge your Majesty's great Goodness, in sending the Earl of Marlborough to command; whose Valour, Prudence, and Zeal, they cannot enough extol: The said States General do also congratulate your Majesty, from the Bottom of their Hearts, upon the great and glorious Success of Voi.. 14.

your Arms, and those of your Allies, on that Side the Water; and lastly, for the happy Success of the confederate Fleet at Vigo: But as the great Advantages, which they obtained in the Lon' Countries, ought, next to the Blessing of God, to be attributed chiefly to the Superiority, in Number, of foe Troops, which were employed in those Parts, it will be of foe greatest Importance to preserve those Advantages, and 10 carry them further; which cannot be better done, than in making your Troops complete, that are on that Side the Water, in augmenting them, and having them ready to act early; forasmuch as the Enemy will make a much greater Effort the next Year, than they have done this; since they already begin in France not only to raise their Recruits, but also to increase their Troops; having that for a constant Maxim, to open the Campaign early in the Spring. Wherefore the underwritten Ambassadors, and Envoy extraordinary, beseech, your Majesty will be pleased to complete your Troops in foe Low Countries,to augment the Number of them, and to cause them to be provided with all, that they may want, to act offensively; as dso to give the necessary Oiders, that all these Matters may be done, as soon as is possible. Given at Westminster, the November 1702

F. Ii. de Reede. IV. V. Haren.

IV. Van. Vnjherge.

VIII. Mr. Stanhope's Memorial, 5th December, NS. 1702.

T H E Queen having seen, and considered, the Memorial 01 the Ambassadors, and Envoy extraordinary, of the States General of the United Provinces, dated the :-f ol November; whereby they thank, her Majesty, in tile Name 01 their High and Mightinesses, for the Assistance, that has been given them by her Majesty's Troops, under the Comm and of the Earl of Marlborough, and at the same time congratulate her Majesty upon the Success o. the I leet, and her Troops, in Conjunction with those of her Allies, in the happy Undertaking at Vigo; desiring, that tile 1 roops in Fiundjrsuiav be fully recruited, and augmented, aiv! be early in the Field the next Year; her Majesty has comm tnded, that the following Answer be given to the said Memorial: That her Majesty thanks their High and Mightinesses, with all her Heart, for their obliging Acknowledgments towards her, upon the Occasion of the Assistance ot her Troops, under the Command and Conduct of the Earl ot Mat; and that she is

extremely pleased, that their Successes have turned so much to the Advantage of their High and Mightinesses, in enlarging, and strengthening, their Frontiers: That her Majesty congratulates them also upon this Occasion, as well as for the Part their Fleet, and Troops, have had in the glorious Action at Vigo: That she will take Care, that her Troops in the Law Countries shall be effectually recruited, and provided with alFThings necessary, to the end they may be early in foe Field next Year: That the Measures, touching the Number of her Majesty's Troops, which are to be employed, in Conjunction with those of their High and Mightinesses, in the Low Countries, having been determined in Parliament, before any Men- tion was made of increasing them, that Matter, according to the Rules and i\lethod of their Proceedings, cannot be brought before them again; but that all the Care possible shall be taken, that the rest of her Majesty's Troops, both by Sea and Land, be employed in such manner, as shall appear to be most likely to give the greatest Diversion to the Arms of the Enemy in other Places, and to compass foe End proposed by their High and Mightinesses; and, for this Purpose, her Majesty wishes, that the most proper Means might be concerted between her, and their High and Mightinesses, and that they will please forthwith to instruct some Persons, to regulate the Actions of such Expeditions, as may most annoy foe Enemy, and be of greatest Advantage to the common Cause. Givea at the Hague, foe 5th December, 1702, N. S.

Stanhope.

Bh

«y rl»ch tMtablbUoaMlr Mftnehan

State of the War.

State of the War.

98 4 Januarii1702;

N IV. The Dutch Ambassadors Memorial, the yT of December, 1702.

Madam,

BESIDES what the States General, our Masters, have already acquainted your Majesty with, by their Letters of the 25th of November, and of the 5th of December, and what the Underwritten Ambassadors, and Envoy extraordinary, have proposed to your Majesty by word of mouth, they are still expressly ordered to represent to your Majesty, by this Memorial, how absolutely necessary it is, to preserve, next Year, the same Superiority over the French Troops, as we had the last Campaign, and of what Importance it is, to augment the Number of Troops in the Low Countries; without which it will be impossible to preserve the said Superiority, as well by reason of the Augmentation of Troops in , as

the Diversion made by the Duke of Bavaria, who is entered into the Interest of that Crown; so that the Enemy becoming Masters of the Field, the Places may be lost in as little Time, as they were taken: Wherefore the said Ambassadors, and Envoy extraordinary, leave it to your Majesty, to consider, whether it would not be convenient to fix this Augmentation to 25,000 Men; and most humbly pray, your Majesty will be pleased to condescend thereto.

The said States General, finding themselves, after the Death of the late King of Spain, in very great Danger, and destitute of a sufficient Number of Troops for their Defence, were obliged on a sudden to seek for some (where-ever they could find them) for their Preservation; and, the Want they were in of them being well known, they paid very dear for them; moreover, not being sure of such speedy Assistance from their Allies, as the Condition of their Affairs required, they could not keep just Measures, both as to the Number of Troops, they have newly ' taken into their Pay, and those, they have raised; so that their High and Mightinesses have engaged them-

o o r> o

selves in maintaining a greater Number of Troops, than they did in any of the former Wars: Besides, their Frontiers, having been formerly covered, a great many Years' since, by the Spanish Netherlands, were in an Instant exposed, by the French invading the said Barrier.

Your Majesty will be pleased to consider, that the said States General, in order to put their Frontiers in a reasonable State of Defence, have been put to very great Charges; which happening all at once, their Provinces have been, and are still, extremely burdened therewith; without mentioning the Losses sustained by their Subjects, as well by great Inundations, as the Encamping of their own Troops, and those of the Enemy; whereby Part of their said Subjects, and even of the Provinces, have been ruined. That, for these Reasons, although it be almost impossible to burthen the said Provinces more, than they are; nevertheless, their High and Mightinesses, to shew their Zeal for the common Cause, and considering, how necessary it is, to be superiour in Troops, and what Advantages may be thereby reasonably expected, especially if, by Means of a vigorous War, and a Second happy Campaign, they may hope to come to a good and lasting Peace, and that thereby the Charges will be saved, which will be occasioned by a longer War, they will endeavour to make their last Effort, in case your Majesty will be pleased to consent to the said Augmentation, by bearing a Proportion of the said 25,000 Men; in Hopes, nevertheless, that your Majesty will be pleased to take their overburdened Condition into your Consideration. Done at Westminster, the -r'T December, 1702.

F. B. de Recde. W. V. Haren.

W. Van Vrijberge.

N V. Translation of the Answer to the Memorial of the Ambassadors of the States General, 3d December

1702.

THE Queen, having seen and considered your Excellencies Memorial, dated the first of this Month, has ordered the following Answer to be given to it: That her Majesty has no other Intention, but to do all, that lies in

her Power, to support the Interests of the States General, which she shall always look upon as her own; and though by the Forms of Parliament, we cannot hope for any Effect, by proposing to them, to raise new Levies for the Service of the Low Countries, without a Prorogation, which would entirely defeat all, that has been already done, and would be of irreparable Mischief; yet her Majesty has thought of such other Methods, as may effectually support them, or plainly shew, that nothing, on her Part, shall be wanting, to assure them of her true Concern for their Welfare and Happinessr In order to this, her Majesty being assured of the Concurrence of her Parliament to support her in any new Alliances, which she shall make, for the Interest of her, and her Allies, she earnestly desires the States to concur with her immediately, in sending Ministers to the King of Sweden, to induce him to a Peace; in which Case her Majesty will, jointly with them, take into Pay 12,000 Swedes, and 8,000 Saxons; and considering the present Circumstances of the King of Sweden, her Majesty hopes, this Negociation may be finished so soon, as that the said Troops may be in Holland, as soon as will be necessary for the next Campaign.

The next Thing her Majesty proposes, is, to endeavour, by all Means, to bring over the Elector of Bavaria, by an amicable Accommodation; and, in order to it, to persuade the Emperor to gratify him in those Things, that, are likely to give him Satisfaction: And her Majesty is willing, in Conjunction with her Allies, to contribute such Subsidies, as may enable that Duke to maintain his Troops in the Service of the Allies, and thereby give such a Diversion to France, as may effectually disappoint their Designs against the States.

And further, since the Success of such Negociations is uncertain, as also that with Portugal, tho' her Majesty has Reason to hope, it is in a fair Way of being happily concluded, bsr Majesty does earnestly desire the States General to join, with all possible Expedition, such a Number of their Ships to those of her Majesty's, as that a Detachment may be sent to the Mediterranean; her Majesty being inclined to embark, on board her Ships, all the Troops she can spare from England, which, together with some of the States General's, may make such Attempts, as shall be agreed upon, to be most likely to give the greatest Diversion to France, and most effectually prevent their Superiority in the Low Countries.

And, if there be any other Expedient, which may occur to the States, and that is practicable for her Majesty to join in, she will gladly receive it, being resolved to omit nothing, that can contribute to their Safety and Satisfaction.

At Whitehall, the 3d C.

December, 1702. /

N VI. The States Generals Letter to the Queen, the 5th December, 1702.

Madam,

BY the Memorial, that Mr. Stanhope, your Majesty's Envoy extraordinary, has presented to us Today, we have seen with Pleasure, that the Marks of our Acknowledgement, and the Congratulations, that our Ambassadors have made your Majesty in our Name, on Account of the Supplies sent us by your Majesty, and of the glorious Success of your Majesty's Arms by Sea and Land, have not been unacceptable; and we pray, your Majesty would be entirely assured of the Sincerity of our Minds, and Respects, towards your Majesty, insomuch that we shall never forget the Proofs, that we have received of your Majesty's good Inclinations to our Republick, and that we shall always interest ourselves in every thing, that may increase the Glory, Advantage, or Content, of your Majesty. We also thank you, Madam, with all our Heart, that you have been pleased so readily to consider our Instances, in relation to the Recruits of your Majesty's Forces on this Side of the Water; but, as we understand by the said Memorial, that, as to the Augmentation of the said Troops, that Matter would meet with some Difficulties, it having been already settled by the Parliament,

we.

4 Janaariu

99

r Ann.

Ve most humbly pray, your Majesty will give us Leave, besides the Representations our Ambassadors having already made, and besides what we have had the Honour to mention to your Majesty, in our Letter of the 26th of the last Month, to take the Liberty, as an Effect of our Zeal for the publick Good, to repeat again our former In stances on that Subject, and to lay before your Majesty the Danger there will be if the Troops are not considerably augmented, which are to be employed the next Campaign in these Parts. It is certain, Madam, that France and Spain are stung to the Quick, by the Losses they have suffered this Year, by the Arms of your Majesty, and those of your Allies; it is likewise certain, that they are preparing to make extraordinary Endeavours to repair that, which they have lost this Year; and to that Purpose, France is very busy, at this present, in augmenting very considerably the Numbers of its Troops, with Intention to come into the Field, in Flanders, with much more numerous Armies, than they have had there heretofore: 'Which being certain, and visible, on all Hands, as well as by Advices from all Parts, it is evident, that, in case the high Allies do not likewise augment the number of their Troops, they will not be able, with those they had the last Campaign, to maintain the Superiority in Number, which, by the Blessing of God, has given us the Advantages, for which we rejoice at this Hour; and that thereby we shall be in danger to lose the Advantages, and much more too, so far are we from being to improve them, in order to the putting a speedy and good End to the present War, The Consequences seem to us so inevitable, and at the same time of so great Weight, and Danger, that we could not, satisfy ourselves, without representing them once again to your Majesty, since you are pleased to honour us with your Friendship, and that we profess ourselves to be your most faithful Allies. We are ingaged in oue common Cause; we have entered into the War together, for the Maintenance of the Religion and Liberty of both Nations, and for the Re-establishment of a farm Peace throughout Europe; it is equally our Interest, that the War should not be prolonged, but that it should be made with Vigour, that so we may expect a speedy and happy Issue of it: We have to do with a powerful and formidable Enemy; we cannot be ignorant, that he is preparing to do the utmost, that possibly he can; that he is strengthened by the Elector of Bavaria, and that thereby he will be stronger the next Year, than he has ever hitherto been; it is therefore undoubtedly prudent, and necessary, that the Allies should do something more, than they have yet done, if they have not a mind to lose their Superiority in Number, which is so requisite, and to give Opportunity to the Enemy to triumph in their turn. We beg your Majesty, with all possible Earnestness, to give a fresh Attention to this Matter, seeing the Importance of it so much requires, that it should be considered more than once; and, though the Parliament has already resolved upon the Number of Troops, the Business being of such great Consequence, as it is, we do not doubt, but they will take it into their Consideration anew; and that, seeing the pressing Necessity, your Majesty, w'ith your Parliament, will resolve to augment your Forces on this Side the Water, according to the Exigency of the present Conjuncture. It is w hat we once more most passionately desire, being persuaded; that it i3 absolutely necessary for the putting a more speedy and happy End to the War, we are jointly engaged in; and although our State be charged with more, than it can bear, as we can make evidently appear; nevertheless, being persuaded, that [it] is better running, than walking slowly, through the Fire; if your Majesty would be pleased to resolve to make an Augmentation of your Forces here, we will endeavour to animate ourselves, and our People, to do something extraordinary, and even beyond our Strength, to make an Augmentation on our Side; that we may so much the sooner come with Honour and Safety out of this present War, trusting, that God, of his infinite Goodness, will bless our just Designs. We most heartily pray him, Madam, to fill your Majesty's Reign with Happiness, and to bless your royal Voi. 14.

Person with Health, and long Life. Hague, 5th Decern ber, 1702.

Your Majesty's very humble Servants,

The States General of the United Provinces of the Law Co.

In Tour.

By Their Command.

F. Fagell.

N® VII. The Queen's Letter to the States General, 4® Decetnber, 1702.

High and mighty Lords, our good Friends, Allies, and Confederates,

WE have received, with much Satisfaction, the Two Letters, you have been pleased to write us, of the 26th past, and 5th instant, finding therein acceptable Assurances of the Pleasure you receive, by our Adherence to, and Zeal for, the common Cause, by the Success of our Arms, and the Conduct of our General, which Things we are both alike concerned in; and therefore we have Reason to congratulate you, on our Side, for them, as we most sincerely do: And whereas we desire nothing more earnestly, than to do all, that lies in our Power, to support your Interests, which we shall always look upon as our own, we wish, the Augmentation of our Forces, which you desire, could be made the next Year: but the Parliament having settled the Number of our Troops, and the necessary Funds for their Entertainment, we must acquaint you, that, by the Forms of that Assembly, no Good can be expected, in proposing to them to raise new Forces, without coming to a Prorogation; which would utterly destroy all, that is already done, and would occasion an irreparable Mischief. To avoid that Evil, we have turned our Thoughts to other Means, wdiich, we believe, may be as Advantageous to you, or at least convince you, that nothing shall be wanting on our Part, to assure you of the real Care we take of whatsoever may contribute to your Safety and Happiness; and as we are assured of the Concurrence of our Parliament to the Maintenance of the Alliances, we shall think fit to make, for our Interest, and that of our Allies, so we desire, you will please to concur with us, in sending Ministers, without loss of Time, to the King of Sweden, to induce him to make Peace with the King of; and, if our Endeavours have the Success, we desire, we will take, in Conjunction with you, into our Pay, 12,000 Swedes, and 8,000 Saxons; and we hope, that this Negociation maybe perfected in so good Time, that thoseTroops may be early enough in Holland, to be employed there the next Campaign: And, believing, it would be more for the [Benefit, of the] common Cause, if the Elector of Bavaria could be reduced by fair Means, rather than by Force, we shall be ready, not only to join our good Offices with yours, to persuade the Emperor to give nim all reasonable Satisfaction, but also to contribute, in concert with our Allies, towards such Subsidies, as may be necessary to put that Duke in a Condition to maintain his Troops in the Service of the Allies; to the end that, by that Means France may not only be deprived of the Assistance, it expected from him, but likewise, that they may be employed to break its Designs against your State. But the Success of all Negocia-tions is uncertain, and that it is requisite, at the same Time, to make use of all Means, to do the utmost Damage, that may be, to the Enemy, we desire, you will join, with as much Expedition, as is possible, a Number of your Ships to some of ours, in order to send speedily a Detachment into the Mediterranean, which may make such Attempts there, as may give a considerable Diversion to France, and at the same [time] afford great Encouragement to our Allies: And if there is any thing else, that may tend to the Advancement of our Common Interests, which you can think of, and wherein our Con currence is necessary, we shall not fail to give you, on all Occasions, manifest Proofs of the Sincerity of our Friendship, and of our Intentions to contribute, whatever is in our Power, to your Safety and Satisfaction. Given in our Palace of St. James's, the 4th December, in the Year of our Lord 1702, and the First of our Reign.

Your very good Friend,

Anne R.

State of tha War.

State of the War.

ioo 4° Januarii. . 170s.

N VIII. Translation of the States Letter to her Majesty, 20 December, 1702.

Madam,

AMONGST the Maries, that we have received, from time to time, of your Majesty's most valuable good Will, we reckon the Honour, that you have been pleased to do us, by a speedy Answer to our Letter, concerning the augmenting, the Forces, which we took the Liberty to propose to your Majesty, only in Consideration of the plibljck Good. We find ourselves obliged, Madam, very humbly to thank you, for the serious Attention you have given to our well-meant Representations upon this Subject, as well as for the repeated and favourable Testimonies, that you have given of your constant Inclinations for the Support and Welfare of our State; which we shall endeavour to preserve, by an inviolable Adherence to all your Ihterests; which we pray your Majesty to be entirely convinced of As to the Business in Agitation, we very Well understand, that it would be too great a Damage and Prejudice to the Affairs of your Majesty, and those of the common CauSe, if, in order to lay the Affair of Augmentation of Troops before the Parliament, it is necessary to come to a Prorogation, whereby all, that has been done already in this Assembly, must be annulled; which we should not desire: But we hope, that some Expedient may be found, to introduce this Point into the Deliberation of the Parliament, without falling into this great Inconvenience; and 'if'this be any way to be done, which we must leave to your Majesty's great Wisdom, we would pray you, Madam, still to think of it, and to chuse that Method, which, you shall find, will best answer this End. Nevertheless, we have seriously considered of the Means, that it has pleased your Majesty to propose, for the Augmentation of Troops, which we have desired; an Agreement between the Kings of and Poland, in

order afterwards to treat with them for a good Number of their Troops, and a Negociation with the Elector of Bavaria, to bring him over by gentle Means to the right Side, that we may make use of his Troops against the common Enemy. We cannot deny, but that both these Methods might be of great Advantage, and we are ready to employ, together with your Majesty, all our good Offices, and all possible Endeavours, to these Purposes, since we look upon it as a very considerable Advantage, if wC could in this Manner obtain a good Number of Troops; "but ycWr Majesty yourself looking upon the Event of the Negociations, as very uncertain, we judge the same of them, and we consider them, as these Sort of Affairs Should be, which are more to be wished for, than likely to succeed': In all Cases we foresee, that a great deal of Time will be lost, before such an Agreement can be made; and that the Succour, that may be expected from thence, cannot come time enough to secure us against the Storm, we are thfeatehed with: As to the sending a Detachment towards the Mediterranean, we also apprehend, that this Method will not be effectual enough; nevertheless, we are resolved to send our Lieutenant-admiral, monde, to concert Measures, in relation to it, with your Majesty's Ministers, and upon other Sea Expeditions for the next Year. But, since you have been pleased to give us Leave to propose some other Method, we take the Liberty to desire your Majesty to settle some certain Fund with your Parliament, for making an Augmentation of Troops, which we may negociate either with Sweden, Poland, or Bavaria, or with other Princes, where we may get them most readily and advantageously. We do not doubt, but we may obtain them this Way; and your Majesty shall find us ready to concur with you herein, with all Equity, although we are already charged beyond what we can bear. Your Majesty will reflect, according to your great Prudence, that the Winter will be soon gone; and therefore we ought not to lose a Moment's time. And here we must repeat, what we have said before, that we have certain Intelligence, which is confirmed every Day, that our Enemies make exceeding and very extraordinary Preparations for the next Campaign, and that France is resolved to make its utmost Effort next Year; so that we cannot help

being under the Apprehensions, that we are, from thence; for we foresee, and hold it for certain, that, if the English Allies do not carry into the Field a more numerous Army, than they had this Year, and early too, that our State, and the common Cause, will, by the Enemy's Force, receive such a terrible Blow, as afterwards they shall not be able to repair at double the Charge, for which they may, by God's Blessing, prevent it, if they make use of sufficient Means in time. For these Reasons we intreat your Majesty to consider this so necessary an Augmentation, as earnestly recommended by us; to the end that it may have its Effect, by the most speedy Method. We have charged our Ambassadors to explain our Thoughts more fully; to which we refer ourselves; and pray to God, Madam, to preserve your Majesty's royal Person in perfect Health, and in a long and happy Life. At the Hague, the 20th December, 1702.

Your Majesty's very humble Servants,

The States General of the United Provinces of the Low Countries.

J. D. Maroes.

By their Order.

F. Fagel.

N" IX. Translation of the Memorial of the Ambassadors, and Envoy extraordinary, of the States General, the -rijr January, 170-J-.

Madam,

THE underwritten Ambassadors, and Envoy extraordinary, of the States General of the United Provinces, are ordered by their Masters to accompany the Letter, which they have had the Honour to deliver to your Majesty, with this Memorial, and to represent to your Majesty, that their High and Mightinesses perceive by the Answer, your Majesty has been pleased to order to be given to them, that you are of the same Opinion with them, about the Necessity of an Augmentation of Troops, your Majesty proposing to take a good Number of them into the Service; but they are afraid, lest, according to those Proposals, none should be got so speedily, as Necessity requires, since they cannot but expect to have to do with a formidable Army of the Enemy, who will act in the Spring: That, on the other hand, the Design of taking Troops from the Kings of Sweden and Poland, as also of bringing over the Elector of Bavaria to the good Cause, seems both very uncertain, and remote, to their High and Mightinesses, notwithstanding the earnest Desire they have to see the same accomplished: That, as to Sweden and Poland, the Affairs of those Two Kings seem still so much embroiled, and their Minds so irritated, that there is no Reason to hope for a speedy Accommodation: It would take up much Time, before one could enter upon a Negociation, which might be drawn out in Length; and although it should be happily concluded, the King of Sweden, who might still be at War with the Czar of covy, could not, on a sudden, part with a Number of his Troops; and the King of Poland having given 8,000 Men of his to the Emperor, it is much to be doubted, whether he could spare any to the Confederates. Besides these Obstacles, the negociating of Troops cannot but go on slowly, by the Distance of Places; and it would require much Time, before Recruits could be made, and that those Troops could arrive in the Low Countries; and therefore, in all appearance, they would be very little serviceable, during all the next Campaign.

As to the Elector of Bavaria, their High and Mightinesses would look upon it as a very desireable Thing, if, by some amicable Way, he could be brought off from the Interest of France, and induced to employ his Troops for the Good of the common Cause; but their High and Mightinesses, considering the said Elector's Conduct of late, are very much afraid, it cannot be done, but by more effectual Means; for which Reason, they think, his Imperial Majesty must be induced to use all possible Ways, to withdraw the Elector of Bavaria from the Engagements with France, and, if possible, to bring him over to the Interest of the Confederates; and that no Time is to be lost in performing the same. The Statoe General, before they received your Majesty's Letter, had already sent Orders to

their

l Ann. . 4°r-5° J

their Minister at Vienna, to act in Concert, in this Matter, with your Majesty's Minister there; but as these Means, which have been proposed, are both uncertain and remote, and that there is a pressing Necessity, the Underwritten humbly pray, your Majesty will take, without any Loss of Time, a good Resolution about this Augmentation, which is so necessary; and, in order to it, that your Majesty will be pleased, with your Parliament, to provide a Fund for that Purpose; so as that Care may be taken afterwards, to look out for Troops in Sweden, Poland, and Bavaria, in case there be a Likelihood of getting them there in a convenient Time; and, if it be impossible to get them so soon, as the Necessity of this present Conjuncture requires, that one might treat somewhere else for other Troops. Their High and Mightinesses doubt not, but a good Number may be found in JVolfenbuttle, Hesse,

A funster, and with other Princes of the Empire, with whom one might treat forthwith, and, by Provision, take their Troops, without any Prejudice to the Negociations, that may be entered into with Sweden, Poland, and the Elector of Bavaria; which nevertheless might be carried on with Vigour, and, in case of Success, there will be Means enough of employing those Troops, without their being very chargeable, those in actual Service diminishing daily.

The underwritten Ambassadors, and Envoy extraordinary, are ordered, most humbly to represent to your Majesty, in the most pressing Terms, the Necessity of the aforesaid Augmentation; and that England, and their States, being engaged in a common War, the good or bad Success thereof will occasion the Safety or Loss of both Nations: That it is for that Reason, that the Alliances mention, that the one shall assist the other with all their Forces: That, as the Seat of War is chiefly on the Frontier of the Republick, their High and Mightinesses fear, lest, notwithstanding all their Endeavours, they should not be able to make Head against the Enemy's Power, without a greater Assistance from your Majesty; they having received fresh Advices, that France is assembling all the Troops they can, to make a last Effort next Year, and to venture all, in order to overthrow the said Republick. For preventing such a Misfortune, and the evil Designs of the Enemy, the Underwritten are obliged once more to repeat to your Majesty the absolute Necessity of such an Augmentation; and therefore their High and Mightinesses hope, your Majesty will, on this Occasion, forthwith take a vigorous Resolution, that, for want of a sufficient and speedy [Assistance], the Republick may not receive an irreparable Loss to herself, and the common Cause. Done at Westminster, the January, 1704.

F. B. de Jlccde.IV. V.

IV. Van Vrijberge.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, take into Consideration her Majesty's said gracious Message.

Qualification Mr. How (according to Order) presented to the House of Members. a Bill, fof the more free and impartial Proceedings in Parliament, by providing, that no Persons shall be chosen Members of the House of Commons, but such, as have sufficient real Estates: And the same was received.

Supply Bill; The Order of the Day being read, for the Report from C«il Duties, tjjg Committee of the whole Mouse, to whom the Bill, for continuing the Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Cynders, was committed;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Leave be given, upon the said Report, to offer a Clause, in Ease of the Proprietors of Salt-works at Limington, and all other Places, where Salt is made, by a Drawback of the Duty upon such Coals, as shall be consumed in making of Salt;

It passed in the Negative.

Mr. Conifers (according to Order) reported from the said Committee, the Amendments, made by the Committees to the said Bill; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time odc

Vol. 14-

anuani. ior

by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill touching the Creek at Chester.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Hamottd (according to Order) repdrted, from the Publick Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for A«°w» taking, examining, and stating the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, was committed, the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the BUI, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Saltash Writ. Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Saltash, in the County of Cornwall, in the Room of Benjamine Buller, Esquire, deceased.

And then the House adjourned tUl Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 5 die Januctrii;

Ammprana Annas Regina.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Cowper's for the vesting of the several Manors, Messuages, -®uu Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Essex, late belonging to John Coxvper, Gentleman, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for better Payment of his Debts and Legacies, charged thereon, was read a Second time.

llesolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Conyers, Mr. tVinington, Sir Jo. ton, Mr. Ogle, Sir fVm. Hustler, Sir John Kay, Sir Phil.

Sidenham, Mr. Blofield, Mr. Renda, Mr. Sir Gere,

Elwes, Mr. Gee, Mr. HarcOurt, Mr. Mr

Nicholson, Sir Dudly Cullum, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Crosse,

Mr. Hysham, Sir JVm. Bowes, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Clark,

Mr. Bertie, Mr. Smithson, Mr. Halsey, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Chaseand all that serve for the Counties of Essex, Surrey, and Yorkshire: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Reports, from the Committee of Sudbury, Ac. Privileges and Elections, touching the Elections for the Election . Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, and the Borough of Tavistock, in the County of Devon, be made upon Thursday Morning next

A Petition of the right honourable Ursula Countess of s tower, Ac. Plymouth, was presented to the House, and read; setting Navigation, forth, that by an Act, made in the 14th Year of the Reign of King Charles the ad, the River and Salwerp,

in the Counties of Worcester and Stafford, were intended to be made navigable; in which Act Provision was made for preserving the Navigation of the River Avon, the Benefit whereof is now vested in the Petitioner, by virtue of her Manage Settlement: And praying, that Provision may be made, for saving the Petitioner's said Right, in the Bill, depending in the House, for the better putting in Execution an Act., formerly made, for making navigable the said Rivers of Stower and Salwerp.

Ordered, Thi t the Consideration o£the said P itien bo referred to the Committee, to wliona the said Bill i»

C c committed;

102

5° Janua

A.

1702,

committed; and that Mr. Sir

Sir Math. Jetmison, Mr. Lord , Mr.

Scobell, Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. Ogle, be added to the said

Committee.

Supply Bill; Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Walt Duties, next, resolve itself into a Committee of die whole House, upon the Bill, for granting a Supply to lier Majesty, by several Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry.

St. Paul's Cathedral.

Running of Brandy.

Qualification of Members.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House; upon the Bill, for finishing, adorning, and securing, the cathedral Church of St. PauTs

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for the encouraging the Consumption of malted Corn, and for preventing the Frauds in running of French Brandy.

A Bill, for the more free and impartial Proceedings in Parliament, by providing, that no Persons shall be chosen Members of the House of Commons ' but such, as have sufficient real Estates, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Priced

Estate.

Continuing several Laws.

Ordered, That Mn Bertie, Sit John Stdneltouse, Sir Wm.

Glyn, Mr. Hen. Bertie, Mr. Jennings, Sir Jos. Jekyll,

Mr. Norreys, Mr. llenda, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill, to explain a Power for Sir Vaughan out of the Wages of all the Seamen of England, serving Price, Baronet, to settle a Jointure, is committed. t Sea, to be applied to the Use of Hospital,

and the Monies deducted, on that Account, from the

4thly, As to the Advantages they have received by being registred;

First, All the Commission, Warrant, and other, Officers of the Fleet, are said to have been made out of the registred Men.

Secondly, The Executors of such, as have died in any of her Majesty's Ships in foreign Voyages, have l>een paid their Wages, without staying for the Payment of the Ships they died in, as others do.

Thirdly, By the Act, they have a Eight to double Shares of Prizes, wherein' they are concerned.

Fourthly, It is presumed, they have been exempted from serving on Juries, and in parish and other publick Offices, as the Act directs.

Fifthly, Such, as serve in the Royal Navy, have 6d. a Man, a Month, allowed them more than others.

Sixthly, fey the said Act all registred Men are exempted from serving as Land Soldiers.

Seventhly, Provision is to be made in Greenwich Hospital for the Support of such, as shall be disabled, and for the Widows and Children of such, as shall be slain, or drowned, in Sea Service.

5thly, By not complying with the Act, they are under these Penalties; viz. Such, as do not rc[>air on board, within Thirty Days after summoned, are to lose the Benefit of the Act and to serve Six Months without any Pay; and such, as do not bring Certificates, to the Office, of their Removal from their Habitations, are likewise to lose the Benefit of the Act

(ithly, The Act directs 6d. per Mensem to be deducted

Supnljr Bill; Coal Duties.

Registered

Seamen.

A Bill, for continuing several Laws therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An Ingrossed Bill, for continuing the Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Cynders, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Cynders.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Hamond, from the Commissioners of the Navy, presented to the House a Return of the said Commissioners to an Order of the 4th Day of December last, relating to the registred Seamen.

And the Title thereof was read.

And the Return is, as followeth; viz.

Navy Office, 4 January, 170a.

IN Obedience to an Order from the honourable the House of Commons, dated the 4th of December, past (requiring an Account of the Number of Seamen, registred

s.

1

Commencement of the said Act, to the said 30th of November past, appears to be,

fey an Account from the Treasurer} £. of the Navy, for the Seamen, who} 43,28s have served in her Majesty's Fleet

And by an Account from the Commissioners, for collecting the Sixpences from the Seamen, serving in Merchant Ships and Vessels

26,909 17 o$

Total - £. 70,197 18

R. Haddock, Clowd. Shovell, D. Lyddell, An. Hammond.

Cha. Ser A. Atkins,

Geo. Toilet,

Ordered, That the said Return do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

An ingrossed Bill, for enabling her Majesty to settle a prince of

- r.. A . c. r, r 1. . -ft Revenue, for the supporting the Dignity of his Royal Denmark's

b, virtue of the Act for that Purpose, of what Money Hi,hll<,ss PrilKe George Hereditary of ia cise —

they claim in raped ther f how far die Seamen have he"urvivcs her Majesty, was read Sie Third lime.

complied with the Act, what Penalnes they arc under by A, ingr0Med Clause was offered, as a Kider, IT

not doing it, what Advantages and Privileges the Seamen have received by being registred, and of what Money has been deducted from the Seamen's Wages by virtue of the said Act) the principal Officers and Commissioners of her Majesty's Navy have called upon the severul Officers concerned, for the said Accounts, and do humbly present the same, as followeth; viz.

1st. It appears from the Register. Office, that the Number of Seamen, registred by virtue of the said Act, before the 30th of November past, is Seventeen thousand and Six Men.

2dly, The Forty Shillings a Man, a Year, claimed by

That the

Bill shall not extend to prejudice the Payment of an Annuity of 250/. granted by the late King James to Sir Richard Allibon, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, issuable out of the Post Office, during the Life of Mr. James Corker.

And the same was once read.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for enabling her Majesty to settle a Revenue, for

zuiy, inc xoriy onuimgsa vian,a iear, cmmeaDy suportin, the Dignity of his Royal Highness Prince the said Seamen, in pursuance thereof to the said 30th of c. Hereditary of Denmark, in casf li« shall surviv

George Hereditary of Denmark, in case he shall survive her Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

November past, is estimated at the Sum of 131,347

3dly, As to their Compliance with the said Act, it appears, the said 17,006 Men have registred themselves in the Manner prescribed, but very few of them have given to the Register Office any Account of the Removal of their Habitations, as by the said Act they ought to have Consideration her Majesty's gracious Message Yesterday-done, and those few only at the Beginning of the Register. And the same being again read;

Ordered,

The House (according to Order) proceeded to take into Mi-ssasp rp-

s|M»ctingState ol'tlit War.

Candle *

Call of the 1 louse.

Accommodation of the Navy.

i Ann.

Ordered, That Candles be brought in.

And they were brought in accordingly.

And the Question being proposed, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, to return the Tlianks of this House for her Majesty's gracious Message; and also to assilrc her Majesty, if her Majesty shall think it necessary to enter into any further Negociation, for the increasing of the Forces, which are to act in Conjunction with the Forces of the States General, this House will enable her Majesty to make good the same; and withal humbly to desire her Majesty, that she will be pleased to insist upon it with the States General, that there be an immediate Stop of all Posts, and of all Letters, Bills, and all other Correspondence, Trade, and Commerce, with France and Spain, which, this House is humbly of opinion, is absolutely necessary for the carrying on the War;

Several Amendments were proposed to be made thereunto, by inserting before the Word " absolutely," the Word " so," and by adding, after the Word " War," " that this House do desire, that England may not be " charged with the Pay of such additional Troops, but " from the Day, when such Stop shall be made by the " States General."

And the Question being put, That " so" be inserted;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,

Sir Roger Mostyn,

Sir Chr. Hales:

Tellers for the Noes,

Mr. Henley,) 8

Mr. Walpole $ ®5'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Question being put, That the Words, " that this House do desire, that England may not be " charged with the Pay of such additional Troops, but " from the Day, when such Stop shall be made by the " States General," be added;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put, so amended;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, to return the Thanks of this House for her Majesty's gracious Message; and also to assure her Majesty, if her Majesty shall think it necessary to enter into any further Negociation, for the increasing of the Forces, which are to act in Conjunction with the Forces of the States General, this House will enable her Majesty to make good the same; and withal humbly to desire her Majesty, that she will be pleased to insist upon it with the States General, that there be an immediate Stop of all Posts, and of all Letters, Bills, and all other Correspondence, Trade, and Commerce, with France and Spain, which, tins House is humbly of an Opinion, is so absolutely necessary for the carrying on the War, that this House do desire, that England may not be charged with the Pay of such additional Troops, but from the Day, when such Stop shall be made by the States General.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to draw up an Address, upon the said Resolution.

And it is referred to Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Finch, Mr. How, Sir Jo. LevisonGower, Sir Chr. Sir

Roger Mostyn, Colonel Granville, Mr. Mr. Ogle,

Mr. Mamell, Sir Humph. Mackicorth, Mr. Bromley, Colonel Byer/ey, Lord Chcnie, Mr. Secretary Hedges, Mr. Coke, Mr. King, Sir /Cm. Drake, Colonel Lee, Sir Cha. Bloys, Mr. Meyrick, Sir Math. Dudley, Mr. ley, Mr. Carteret, Mr. Stanhope, Sir Jos. Jekyll, Mr. Cowper, Mr. Cerney, Mr. Webb: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned till this l>ay Sevcnnight; and that such Members, as shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Anns attending this House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Vol. 14.

ing

upon the Bill, for the better Accommodation of her Majesty's Navy.

V

Ordered, T|]9t the Committee of Privileges and Elec- Committee , tions, and all other Committees, which are to sit this Night, or Tomorrow Morning (except the Committee for drawing up the Address) be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning next, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, T die Januari'n

Anno prinw Annas Regina.

Praters.

S)RDERED, That the Committee, appointed to Address on draw up the Address, to be presented to her Majesty, Message re-relating to her Majesty's Message upon Monday last, be suteof the revived, and do immediately withdraw into the Speaker's Wan. °

Chamber, and draw up the said Address; and that the Quorum thereof be Five.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee *

Ordered, That Mr. Balch have Leave to go into the Leave of Ab-Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions: sence-

A Bill, for explaining, and making effectual, a late Great Yar-Statute, concerning the Haven and Piers of the Burgh mouth Right of Great Yarmouth, and for confirming the Rights and ° BorouSh Privileges of the Burgh, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Earl of Disert, Mr. Colchester, Sir Cha, Bloys, Mr. Mr.

Nicholson, Mr. Hozr, Mr. Bingham, Sir JCa.

Afr. Btofeild, Sir John Holland, Mr. Vernon, Mr. England, Sir Gerv. Elxces, Sir Wm. PhipSir John Kay, Mr. Herne, Sir Robert Edon, Mr. Air. Tate,

Air. Childe, Mr. Crosse, Mr. Jolliff, Mr. Halsey, Air.

Harley, Mr. Verney, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Haney, Air.

Hoblyn, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Stonehouse, Mr. Monson, Sir Fra.Child; and all, that serve for the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Amiesley reported from the Committee, appointed Commission-to examine the Lists, given in by the Members, of Seven ers of Public Persons Names, to be Commissioners for taking the pub- Acwmn,s-lick Accounts, and to report to the House, upon which Seven Persons the Majority falls; that they had examined the Lists accordingly; and that the Alajority falls upon

William Bromley Esquire - - 270

Thomas Coke Esquire - 260

Sir Godfrey Copley Baronet - - 258

Robert Byerley Esquire - - 258

Henry St. John Esquire - - 254

Francis Scobell Esquire - - 233

Sir William Drake Baronet - - 135

Ordered That the said Report do lie upon the Table, until the ingrossed Bill, for taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, be read the Third time.

Sir Robert Edon reported from the Committee, to Ardcme' whom the Bill, to enable John Ard, Esquire, to pay t'stktc. his Father's Debts, and make Provision for his Brother and Sister, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true { and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House:

Which he read in his Place, and nfterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the sume were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put tlicreupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, ttith the Amendments, be ingrossed.

© o or

5 — 7 Januaru.

Stower, &c. Navigation.

Chancery Lane and Lincoln's Inn Fields.

104 70 Januarii. j4. 1702.

Ordered, That Mr. Ashburnh Mr. jMr.

Cage, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Stanhope, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill, for the better putting in Execution an Act, formerly made, for making navigable the Rivers Stow erand Salwerp, is committed.

Sir Richard Onslow reported from the Committee, to whom the Consideration of the Petition of several of the Inhabitants, and Farmers, of the Parishes of Lambeth, St. Mary Newington, St. Geoi'ge the , within the

Borough of Southwark, and St. Mary Magdalene Bermondsey, within the County of Surrey, was referred; and that they do examine into the Accounts of the Produce of the Acts, for the making the Way out of Chancery-lane into Lincoln's Inn Fields; that they had examined the same accordingly, and had directed him to report the same to the House: Which he read in his Pl$ce, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is, as followeth; viz.

That, the Committee having examined into the Accounts of the Produce, arising from the Duties laid upon Hackney Coaches, Cars, Carts, Tumbrels, and Drays, by virtue of Two Acts of Parliament, one made in the 1 ith and 12th Years of the Reign of the late King William (intituled, An Act for the speedy and effectual making a convenient Way out of Chancery-lane to Lincoln's Inn Fields, and Places adjacent) and the other made in the 12th and 13th Years of the said late King (intituled, An Act for making good the Deficiency of th? Charges of making a Way out of Chancery-lane into Lincolns Inn Fields) it appeared by the Accounts, delivered in to the Committee by Cavendish Esquire, who,

by virtue of the said Acts, is impowered, together with others, therein named, to appoint Persons to collect the Duties in the said Acts mentioned, in order to advance the Sum of 4,148/. 7 s.7 d.to be applied to the Uses, as in the said Acts mentioned.

That the Produce on the First Act, arising from llackney Coaches, from the 25 March, 1700, to the 25 March, 1701, amounts to the Sum of The Produce of the said Act, from the 25th of March, 1701, to the 25 March, 1702, amounts to

The Produce of the said First Act, arising'! by Cars, Carts, Tumbrels, and Drays, I within the several Parishes of St. Giles in I the Fields, St. Andrew's Holbome, St.,) 92 nent'sDanes, St. Dunstan's in the West, and St. Bride's, from the 25th of March, I 1700, to the 25 March, 1701, amounts to The Produce of the saidDuties, from the said 1 Parishes, from the 25th of March, 1701, I to the 25th of March, 1702, amounts to J,

The whole Produce of the First Act, for the 7 said Two Years, amounts to -

But Mr. Weedon deducts, for collecting the said 7 -

Duties for the said Two Years, the Sum of j___

So that the neat Produce of the Duties, arising 7«

by the First Act, amounts to - - j ______

The Produce of the Second Act, arising by") the Duties on Cars, Carts, Tumbrels, I and Drays, within the weekly Bills of 1638 7 6 Mortality, from the 25 of March, 1701, to I the 25 March, 1702, amounts to - -J Out of which said Sum of 638/. is. 6 Mr. Weedon deducts for the Charges in collecting the said Duties, and other Charges, the Sum of 285/. the Particulars whereof are, as followeth:

To Mr. John Thomas, a Collector of the said 7 Duties, for One Year's Salary - - )

To Mr. Samuel Wood, another Collector - 30 To Mr. John Brothcrton, another Collector 30 To Mr. Elisha Dodd, another Collector 30 To Mr. Richard Bartholomew, another Collector 30 To Mr. Edward Moor, for surveying 49 7 Parishes, wherein there are no Carts - j

h}

-S

s. d.

350 0 0

350 0 Q

15 o

81 00

15 o

0 o

15 O

o 0

o

o

o

o

5 Op

To Mr. Bladen, for auditing and registring the Accounts -To the Commissioners, for their Salaries And for their Room -

20

90

10

o o

o o

o o

Which said Deductions do amount to - 283 o o So that the neat Produce of the Duties, arising'! from Cars, Carts, Tumbrels, and Drays, I by virtue of the Second Act of Parliament >353 7

(according to Mr. IVecdon's Account) is I reduced to the Sum of - - — '

It also appeared to the Committee, that Sir John Thornicroft, Baronet, and Sh Bridges, Esquire, the Proprietors of the Ground, and several Houses, that were pulled down, in order to make the new Way out of Chancery-lane into Lincolns Inn Fields, did consent fO part with,their Interest in the said Ground, and Houses; and by Articles of Agreement, dated the 10th of February, 1699, did sell the same to Mr. Wsalon, and the other Trustees, for 2,600l. so as the same might be paid them before the 25th of March, 1701.

That, for defraying the Charges of the said new Way, and for paying to the said Sir John Thornicroft and Mr. Bridges the stud Sum of 2,600l. and for making Satisfaction to the Inhabitants, and Proprietors, of the Houses, next adjoining to those, that were pulled down, and for other Charges in making the said new Way, by the First Act of Parliament a Duty of 2 6d. per Quarter, was laid on the Owners of every Hackney Coach within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof, and within the weekly Bills of Mortality; and the like Sum of 2 s.6d. per Quarter, was laid on the Owners of every Car, Cart, Tumbrel, and Dray, within the several Parishes of St. Giles's in the Fields, St. Andrew's Holbome, St. Clements Danes, St, Dunstan's in the West, and St. Bride's.

That the First Act being deficient, another Act was made, lor making good that Deficiency, which amounted to the Sum of 1,505/. is. id. being the remaining Part of 4,148/. is. id. which was the whole Sum, which was to be raised by virtue of both the said Acts; by which said Act a Duty of 2 s.6d. per Quarter, is laid on all Cars, Carts, Tumbrels, and Drays, in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and within the weekly Bills of Mortality (except such, as in the Act are excepted) for the Term of Six Years, from the 24th of Juno, 1701.

It appeared to foe Committee, that the Sum of 100l. arising by the First Act of Parliament, had been received by Mr. Weedon, and demanded by the said Sir John Thornier of I, and Air. Bridges; but Mr. Weedon insisted to retain the said 100l. towards reimbursing him what he had expended, in defraying the Costs and Charges for making the said new Way, and Passage, over and above the Produce of the last Act of Parliament.

Also the Inhabitants, and Proprietors, of the Houses, next adjoining to those, that were pulled down, who are reported to have sustained Damages, by reason thereof, to the Amount of 455/. and were likewise to be paid out of the Monies, arising by the supplemental Act, declared, that they have not received any Part of the said Sum.

That, by the said Acts,several Persons, therein named, are appointed Commissioners, for the Management thereof; but it appeared to the Committee, that the said Mr. Weedon has chiefly acted in that Affair.

It also appeared to the Committee, that one of the Collectors of the said Duties is insolvent, and hath not answered the Monies by him collected, but is gone off with 40/. and his Security proving also insolvent, that Money is likely to be lost

That the Account of the Charges, which Mr. Weedon has delivered in to the Committee, for collecting the said Duties, and other Charges in the Management of these Acts, seem to be extraordinary, there being near one half of the Profits, arising by the Cars, Carts, Tumbrels, and Drays, deducted for collecting and managing the same.

So that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee do humbly conceive, that, if a Slop be not put to the Proceedings in the Management of the Duties, arising by the said

L

Gloucester

Poor.

Duke of

Beaufort's

Estate.

Bishop of

Chichester's

Leases.

Address on Message respecting State of the War.

i Ann.

70 — 8° Janmrii.

°5

said Acts, Sir John Thornlcroft arid Mr. Bridges, who Most gracious Sovereign,

have parted with their Inheritance, and their Right and WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, Interest in the Ground, and Mouses, that were pulled the Commons, in Parliament assembled, do beg Leave down, to make the said new Way, are in great Danger to return your Majesty our humble Thanks, for your Ma-of losing great Part of the 2,600l. which they are to re- . jesty's most gracious Condescension, in communicating to ceive, and for Payment whereof tire Duties, arising by your Commons the several Memorials, Transactions, and the First Act, were given as a Security. Letters, that have passed between your Majesty, and the

And likewise the Inhabitants, and Proprietors, of the States General, for the Augmentation of your Majesty's Houses on both Sides of the said new Way, who are to Forces, which are to act in Conjunction with the Forces be paid 455/. for the Damages they have sustained, are of the States General; by all which your Commons are in danger of losing their Proportions. intirely convinced of your Majesty's great Tenderness of

The Committee do also conceive, that, if the Monies, your Subjects, in not laying a greater Burdeu upon them,

arising by the Second Act, were duly collected, and applied to the Uses, for which the same were granted, and if the Management of the said Acts were regulated, the said Sir John Thornlcroft and Mr. Bridges, as also the said Inhabitants, and Proprietors, of the Houses, adjoining to those, that were pulled down, would be satisfied

than the Necessity of Affairs does absolutely require.

And your Commons do humbly assure your Majesty, that, in case your Majesty shall think it necessary to enter into any further Negotiation, for encreasing the Forces, which are to act in Conjunction with the Forces of the Suites General (for whose Interest and Preservation

their Dues, and the Duties, given by the said Act, might we shall alw ays have the greatest Regard) your Commons

determine by Christmas 1704

And the Petitioners of the several Parishes, and other Inhabitants within the County of Surrey, who complain of this Tax, by reason that many Parishes, who are obliged, by virtue of the Second Act, to pay towards the same, never have any Occasion to pass through the said new

w ill enable your Majesty to make good the same.

And your Commons do further crave Leave humbly to beseech your Majesty, that you will be pleased to insist upon it with the States General, that there be an immediate Stop of all Posts, and of all Letters, Bills, and all other Correspondence, Trade, and Commerce, with

Way with their Cars, Carts, and Drays, and have large France and Spain, which, your Commons are humbly of Highways to repair, may be eased of the said Tax by the opinion, is so absolutely necessary, for carrying on the Time before-mentioned. just and necessary V\ ar, wherein your Majesty is engaged,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for to the interrupting the Trade of your Enemies, and re-the better collecting the Duties, granted for making the ducing them to the greatest Straits, that your Commons Way out of Chancery-lane into Lincoln's Inn Fields', and do humbly desire, that England may not be charged with for determining the Duties, when the Parties concerned the Pay ol such additional Troops, but from the Day, are paid; and that Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Crosse, and when such Stop shall be made by the States General. Mr. Vernon, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Bill, for the incorporating certain Persons, for the better providing for, and setting at Work, the Poor in the City of Gloucester, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. How, Mr. Masters, Sir John Thoruld, Mr. Hides, Mr. Mr.

Colchester, Sir Jeff. Jeffries, Lovd Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Child, Earl of Disert, Mr. Mr.

Vaughan, Mr Cox, Mr Price, Mr Mr. Harpur,

Mr. Claik, Mr. Stonehouse, Mr. Sir Robert Jenkinson, Mr. Halsey, Mr. Mr. Bingham,

Marquis Hartington, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Mr.

Jervoise, Sir Hen. Pickering, Sir Hum. Mackuorth, Mr. Cowper, Mr. Parker, Mr. Harney, Mr.;

and all, that serve for the Counties of Gloucester,

Wilts, and Hereford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

122.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Address be re-committed;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,

Lord Wm. Powlet t,

Mr. Ash:

Tellers for the Noes,

Mr. Anntsley,

Sir Roger Mostyn:

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the House doth mittee in the said Address.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by the w hole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of

} 193

agree

with the Coin-

her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council, do humbly

know her Majesty's Pleasure, when she will be attended

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard, by this House.

and Sir Richard Holford: , _ ,

Mr. Speaker, Ordered, That the Reports, from the Committee of Sudbury, &c.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Privileges and Elections, touching the Elections for the Election *

settling divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, the Borough of in the County of and for

Estate of Henry Duke of Beaufort, according to Agree- e Borough of Tavistock, in the County of Devon, be

ments, made upon his Marriage, and for other Purposes made upon Tuesday Morning next.

in the said Act mentioned; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also, a Bill, intituled, An Act, giving further Time to John I ord Bishop of Chichester, and his Successors, to make Leases of certain Houses, and Grounds, in ami near Chancery lane, belonging to the Bishoprick of Chichester-, to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew'.

Sir Humphry Mackworth reported from the Committee, appointed to w ithdraw, and draw up the Address, to be presented to her Majesty; that they had drawn up the said Address accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table; where the same was Twice read, and is, as followeth viz.

Vo I. 14.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 8 die Jan;

Anno primo Annas Regina.

Prayers.

COLONEL Granville reported, that her Majesty Queen ap.

had been pleased to appoint to be attended by this points to be House at Four a Clock this Afternoon, at St. James's. attended.

Ordered, That Sir Cha. Bloys, Sir Math. Dudley, Mr.

Walpole, Mr. Hungetford, Mr. Bence, Mr. Clark, Mr. £ tate. Soaines, Mr. Stonehouse, Mr. Randybe added to the D d Committee,

io 6

Committee, to whom the Bill, for Sale of several Estates, and that the Money, thereby raised, may be applied to the Payment of the Debts, now charged thereupon, and that the Residue may be placed out at Interest, for the Benefit of Giles Lone, and other Infants, pursuant to their Father's Will, is committed.

william,', Mr. Lloyd reported from the Committee, to whom the Estate. Bill, to enable Sir Edward Williams to sell certain Manors, and Lands, in the Counties of Brecon and Radnor, for Payment of Debts, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations in die Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had heard the Petitioners against it; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, that, if the Premisses, to be sold, shall fall short to pay Sir Jeffry Jeffries, Geo. Wigmoreand Hen. Williams, then the rest of the Manors and Premises, conveyed by the first-recited Indenture, shall be liable to make good the Deficiency.

And the same was Twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Supple' ' Mr. Vernon reported from the Committee, to whom Estate. the Bill, to enable the Devisees of James Supple, and all claiming under them, to make Leases, for Improvement of the Estate devised, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations in the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by

one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Supply Bill; Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom-Subsidies. ' ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for granting divers Subsidies to her Majesty, for carrying on the present War.

Army Debts. Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, take into Consideration the Account of the Proceedings of the Five Commissioners, appointed to take, examine, and determine, the Debts, due to the Army, Navy, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes, taken during the late War; and that the said Commissioners do then attend.

Oath of Resotoed, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn-Abjuration. ing next, at pleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for enlarging the Time for taking the Oath of Abjuration, and also for recapacitating and indemnifying such Persons, as have not taken the same by [the Time, and shall take the same - by] a Time to be, appointed.

Monies for Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, for the more easy repairing Recovery of Monies for repairing Churches, be read the Churches, Flprd time upon Wednesday Morning next

Coal Trad . Resolved That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

1702.

House, upon the Bill, for encouraging the Navigation, with respect to the Coal Trade, and preventing some Abuses in the same.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for the disfranchising the Borough of Hindon, in the County of

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for raising the Militia of this Kingdom, for the Year 1703, notwithstanding the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Wroth have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard, and Doctor Edisbury:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of divers Lands in the County of Ki/darc and Kingdom of Ireland (being the Estate of Esquire, and his Two Daughters, Ann and Hen-

rietta Vesey) for the paying of Debts, and clearing Incumbrances, charged thereon; and also for impowering the said Agmondisham Vesey to make Leases, for any T erm, not exceeding One-and-twenty Years; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill, for clearing and making the River Cham, alias Grant, more navigable, for Barges, Boats, Lighters, and other Vessels, from Ferry,

Clayhive Ferry, in the County of Camln'idge, unto the Queen's Mill in the University and Town of Cambridge, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for making the River Cham, alias Grant, in the County of Cambridge, more navigable, from Clayhith Ferry to the Queen's Mill in the University and Town of Cambridge.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Pickering do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard, and Doctor Edisbury:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Execution of the Will of John Loane, Esquire, deceased, and for Sale of Part of his Estate, to pay his Debts and Legacies, for preserving the Residue thereof; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Eyre have Leave to go into the Country for a Week, upon extraordinary Occasions.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for granting a Supply to her Majesty, by several Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard, and Doctor Edisbury:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords desire a Conference with this House, To-iporroWj- at Twelve a Clock, in the Painted Chamber,

. upon

.8° Januarii.

Disfranchising Hindon Borough.

Raising the Militia.

Leave of Absence.

Vesey1s Estate.

Cham Navigation.

Loane's

Estate.

I>ave of Absence.

Supply Bill; Malt Duties.

Occasional

Conformity.

Aecfe3sari«t to i'elmues, &c.

ITarkftt *

Estate.

Leave of Absence.

Darwent

Navigation.

Occasional

Uulornnty.

i Ann. 8® — o JantiariL 107

upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference upon the Bill, intituled, An Act for preventing occasional Conformity.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That the House doth agree to a Conference with the Lords, as their Lordships do desire.

And the Messengers were called in again, and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Ordered, That Mr. Romney, Sir Cha. Barrington, Sir Sam. Garard, Sir Hen. Pickering, Mr. Renda, Mr.

7 hompson, Mr.' Pigott, Sir Cha. Turner, Sir Math. Dudley, Mr. Nayler, Sir Edw. , Mr.

Mr. Harcourt, Mr. Bertie, Sir Williams, Mr. Moor,

Mr. Vernon, Mr. Jennens, Sir John Mordant, Mr. Woolaston, Mr. Clark, Mr. S Mr. be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill, for the more effectual Punishment of Accessaries to Felonies, and Receivers of stolen Goods, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 9 die Januarii\

Amo primo Annas Regina.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, for enabling Andrew Hackett, Esquire, to dispose of several Messuages, and Lands, in the Counties of Stafford and and

City of Litchfield, for making Provision for his younger Children, upon settling another Estate in in

Lincolnshire, of better Value, to the same Uses, as the aforesaid Estate is now settled, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for enabling Andrea; Hacket, Esquire, to dispose of sev eral Messuages, and Lands, in the Counties of Stafford and Warwick, and City of Litchfield, for making

Provision for his younger Children, upon settling another Estate in Stroxton, in the County of Lincolne, of better Value, to the same Uses, as the Messuages, and Lands, in the Counties of Stafford and Warwick, and City of Litchfield, were settled.

Ordered, That Sir John Thorold do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Mr. Palmer have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

An ingrossed Bill, for making the River Darwent, in the County of Derby, navigable, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that thd Title be, An Act for making the River Darwent, in the County of Derby, navigable.

Ordered, That Mr. Harpur do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto

Ordered, That the Members, who managed the last Conference with the Lords, upon 'the Bill, intituled, An Act for preventing occasional Conformity, do manage the Conference to be this Day with the Lords.

And the Managers went to the Conference:

And being returned;

Mr. Bromley reported, that they had met the Lords at the Conference; and that the Lords do insist upon all their Amendments to the Bill, which this House hath disagreed unto; for which they gave their Reasons; and that to the Amendments, which this House made to one of the Amendments, made by the Lords, the Lords do agree to those Amendments, with an Amendment, to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Which Reasons, and Amendment, are, as follow; viz. THE Lords insist on the Second and Third Amendment in the Preamble of the Bill.

Because the Words, left out by this Amendment, are introductive to the Clause, left out by their Lordships in Vox.. 14.

the 5th Amendment: Besides, as the Law now stands there are many Offices and Employments, to which Persons may be admitted, without being under an Obligation to receive the Sacrament on that Account; and therefore they cannot agree to let a Clause stand, wherein a Matter of Fact is positively affirmed, which they take to be otherwise.

The Lords insist on the 4th Amendment, because it depends on the former.

The Lords insist on their 5th Amendment;

Because the Act of the 25th of King Charles the 2d, called The Test Act, which has been found, by Experience, to have been an effectual Security against Popery, and which their Lordships are willing to enforce yet further by this Bill, as to the Dissenters, is known to every body, and it is generally understood, to what Employments it does extend; and therefore their Lordships think it reasonable to rest there, and not to subject Men to the Penalties of this Bill, upon general or uncertain Words.

2dly, The Lords do not go about to take away the Force of the Corporation Act, or to lessen any Security the Church of England has by it; but cannot agree to extend the Penalties of this Bill to the general Words of that Act, which, by Construction hereafter, may serve' Purposes, which are not owned, at present, to be the Intent of this Bill.

The Lords insist on their 8th Amendment, which relates to the Punishments, as they stood, when the Bill was sent up from the House of Commons.

Whatever Regard their Lordships may have to Reasons, which the House of Commons are resolved never to depart from, they hope, it will not seem strange, that they are not convinced by such Reasons, as are not thought fit to be offered. But, in Justification of their Amendment, their Lordships think fit to say, that, as they have an undoubted Right to begin Bills with pecuniary Penalties, and to alter and distribute pecuniary Penalties in Bills, sent up to them by the House of Commons (which Right their Ancestors have always enjoyed, and from which their Lordships can never depart) so they are convinced, there never was a more just Occasion of making use of that Right, than in the present Case.

2dly, They conceive the Penalty of 100l. and 5/. a Day for every Day after the Offence committed, to be excessive; and the Whole being given to the Informer, would prove a dangerous Temptation to Perjury, and of pernicious Encouragement to Informers (the most odious Sort of Persons) which would be a Blemish on the best Reign.

Their Lordships have given a sufficient Proof of their Willingness to make this Bill as effectual, as will consist with Reason, by agreeing to such a pecuniary Penalty (besides the Loss of Office) as maybe a proper Encouragement to Informers to swear the Truth, though not perhaps a sufficient Temptation to go farther.

As to the gth Amendment;

The Commons say, they disagree, because they think Incapacity a proper Punishment for this Offence. The Lords insist upon their Amendment, because they think directly the contrary.

idly, Their Lordships observe, that, as the Law now stands, any Person, having an Office, may be present at Mass, upon much easier Terms, than he might be present at a Conventicle, if the Lords should depart from this Amendment

3dly, The Lords think, an Englishmen cannot be reduced to a more unhappy Condition, than to be put by Law, under an Incapacity of serving his Prince and Country; and therefore nothing, but a Crime of the most detestable Nature, ought to put him under such a Disability. They, who think the being present at a Meeting to be so high a Crime, can hardly think, that a Toleration of such Meetings ought to continue long; and yet the Bill says, the Act of Toleration ought to be kept inviolable.

The Lords do not think it at all necessary, to make an Increase of Punishment for a Second Offence; because the

First

io8

9° — i i Jam,arii. A. 1702.

Persons employed in Woollen Manufactures.

CaldicoU's

Estate.

Answer to Address.

First Offence is made Forfeiture of Office, and when the Gentlemen,

Office is gone, the Person may go to a Meeting, without I T is with great Satisfaction, that I receive this Act-Breach of any Law, while the Act of Toleration con- dress, which enables me to join with the States General, tinues; and if he shall afterwards get another < )ffice, he , in augmenting our Forces, according to their Desire, will forfeit the same, and incur the Penalties in this Act, if I make no doubt, hot the Condition, you mention, he shall ever after be present at a Conventicle; which their w ill be approved, since it is absolutely necessary for the Lordshipsthinksufficient Punishment for aSecond Offence. Good of the whole Alliance; and I shall this Night send 2d Skin, 32 Line, The Lords agree to the Commons Directions to my Minister in Holland, to concur with the Amendments to their Lordships Amendment, with States General in providing the Troops accordingly, the Addition of the Words following, after the

Words " prayed for," viz." in pursuance of the A Bill, for the more free and impartial Proceedings in Qualification

" Act, passed in the First Year of King Williamand Parliament, by providing, that no Persons shall he chosen ot Member . "Queen Mary, intituled, An Act, declaring the ' Members of the House of Commons, but such, as have " Rights and Liberties of the Subject, and settling sufficient real Estates, was read a Second time.

" the Succession of the Crown; and the Act, passed Resolved, i hat the Bill he committed.

" in the 12th and 13th of King William the 3d, Resolved, That the Bill bu committed to a Committee

" intituled, An Act for the further Limitation of of the whole House.

" the Crown, and better securing the Rights and ResThat this House will, upon Morning " Liberties of the Subject." next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

The Lords insist on the Clause B; upon the said Bill.

Because, to leave Protestant Dissenters subject to Penalties, if they do not accept of Offices, and at the same Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Supply Bill; time restrain them, if they accept of them, upon the Committee of the w hole House, to whom the Bill, for Duties. Penalties of tins Bill, from doing, what they think them- granting a Supply to her Majesty, by several Duties on selves obliged to in Conscience, is Persecution for Con- Malt, Alum, Cyder, and Perry, was committed, the science, and does not agree with what is set forth in the Amendments, inaJe by the Committee to the said Bill,

Preamble of the Bill. which they had directed him to report to the House;

The Lords insist on Clause C; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in

Because they see no Reason, why being present at Scr- at the Clerk's Table; w here the same were once read mons, or Lectures, preached, or read, in the Universi- throughout, and then a Second time one by one; and, tes, and established by ancient Custom, and with very upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them good Intentions, should subject Men to the Danger of in- were disagreed, and the Ilesidue agreed, unto by the curring the Penalties of this Law; and the same Clause House.

was thought necessary in the Act of Uniformity. A Clause w as offered to be added to the Bill, that the

The Lords insist on Clause D; Officers shall, upon Request, be permitted to enter into

Because the foreign refonned Churches, allowed, or to any House, or Place, used for the making of Alait, at any be allowed, were, by the Act of Uniformity, exempted Time, in order to gauge, and take an Account of, the from the Penalties of that Law; and other foreign Pro- same, under a Penalty upon Refusal of such Entrance, testants, w ho have been forced out of their own Country And the same was Tw ice read, and, upon the Question by a cruel Persecution, having settled here in England, by put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Encouragement from Parliaments, as well as from the And other Amendments were made by the House to Crown, it would have a strange Appearance, if it should be the Bill.

thought so high an Offence, for any of her Majesty's Sub- Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

jects, in Office, but once to be present at their Way of grossed.

Worship. This would give such a Discountenance to

those of the same Religion abroad, as would no way suit Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fort- Poor.

with her Majesty's Character of Head of the Protestant night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House Interest in Europe.

The Lords insist on Clause E;

Because the Persons, concerned in it, have no Profit, nor any Trust, but what relates tq the Poor; and, without this Clause, charitable Foundations, as Hospitals, publick Workhouses, and the like, would meet with Discouragement, and the Number of them might be lessened.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, take the said Report into Consideration.

Mr. Palmer (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, for the more effectual preventing the Abuses and Frauds, of Persons, employed in working up the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, and Cotton Manufactures of this Kingdom: And the same was received.

c

upon the bill, for the better rrovision for, and settling, the Poor, in Places extra-parochial.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning Running of next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Brandy, upon the Bill, for the encouraging the Consumption of malted Corn, and for preventing the Frauds in running of French Brandy.

Ordered, That the Account of the Proceedings of the Army Debts. Five Commissioners, appointed to take, examine, and determine, the Debts, due to the Army, Navy, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes, taken during the late War, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Monday A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Regard, Morning, Nine a Clock.

and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for raising One thousand Five hundred Pounds by Mortgage of Lands in the County of Dorset, for Payment of Debts, and for a further Provision and Maintenance for the younger Children of Philip Caldicott, Esquire; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Speaker reported, that he, with the Hotisp, did Yesterday attend her Majesty with their humble Address; which her Majesty received very graciously, and was pleased to [give] the following Answer;

Luna, 11 die J

Anno primo Annas Regina.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act d, of for settling divers Manors, Lands, and Heredita- Beaufort's ments, the Estate of Henry Duke of Beaufort, according Esute. to Agreements, made upon his Marriage, and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved,

t An Nr . i to — 13® J. iop

Resoboed, That the ' Bill be read a Second time; punishing false Musters ;and for Better Payment of

Quarters: And the same was received.

Mr. Delatme Ordered, That Mr. Vice-chancellor of die

to preach on University of 'Oxford, be desired to preach before this 3° " Housrease-o . Margarett's, upon the 30thDay

of January instant; and that Mr. Geo. Rodney Bridget, 'Mr. Romney, and Mr. B do acquaint him therewith.

Bishop of An ingrossed Bill, -from the Lords, intituled, An Chichester's Act giving further Time to John Lord Bishop of Chichester, and his Successors, to make Leases of certain Houses, and Ground, in and near Chancery-lime, belonging to the Bishoprick of was read the First

time.

Resolved, That the Bill be rfead a Second time.

Stower, ftc. Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill, for Navigation, 'the better putting in Execution an Act, formerly made, for making navigable the Rivers of Stower and Sahverp, in the Counties of Worcester and Stafford, is committed, have Power to send-for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ease of A Bill, for the Ease of Sheriffs, in the ekccuting the ir

Sheriffs. 'Office, and 'passing their -Accounts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

'Sir Ge)"cas E lures, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Lamplugh, Sir John Wyn, Mr. Bertie, Sir ‘Humph. Mr.

Foley, Sir Wm. Hustler, Sir Reger Mostyn, Mr. Naylor, Mr. Drake, Mr. Hicks, Mr. Moor, Sir Mr.

Anstis, Sir John Mordant, Sir Robert Massam, Mr. Clayton, Sir Rich. Onskrw Mr. Pelham, Mr. Eyres, Sir

Fran. Blake, Mr. Shaeke Mr. Sir Dudley Cullutn, Mr. Winstanley, Mr. Sir Walter Yonge,

Mr. Chettoind, Mr. VaMr. Mr. Harley: And they are to meet tins Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Continuing A Bill, for Continuing several Laws therein mentioned, several Laws, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be ecWfmitted to Sir Mordant, Mr. StmCheusj, Sir John 'Kay, Mr. Jermens, Sir Sim. Harcourt, Mr. Shaekerky; Sir Wm. Hustler, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Meyrick, Mr. Sir William Drake,

Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Colchester, Mr. Lord

Chenie, Sir Math. Dudley, Mr. Hysham, Mr. Neoill, Mr. Holmes, Mr. Crosse, Sir Jos. Jekyll, Mr. Carteret, Mr. Clark, Mr. Pemberton, Sir. Hotherm, Mr. Lee, Mr. Bertie, Mr. -Walpok, Sir Walter Yonge, Sir John Holland, Mr. Mansell, Mr. Amestey, and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at 'Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider, how to make the Laws, relating to Vagrants, more effectual.

St Paul's Resohed, That this House will, upon Friday Morning &tMral. next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for finishing, adorning, and securing, the Cathedral Church of St. Poufs.

Sspply Bill; The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself

Subsldits. into a Committee, upon the Bill, for granting divers Subsidies to her Majesty, for carrying on the present War.

Resolved, That the House will resolve itself into the said Committee, after the Report of the Conference with the Lords hath been considered.

Ordered, That all Committees Be revived; Committees.

The House (according to Order) proceeded to take Occasional into Consideration the Report Of the Conference with the Conformity; Lords, on Saturday last, upon the Bill, intituled, An Act for preventing occasional Conformity.

And the Amendments made to the Bill, Snd insisted upon by the Lords, beitig severally read, and their Lord- ships Reasons, for their so doing, considered; and the Amendment, made by the Lords to one of the Amendments, made by this House, being also read;

And the Question being severally put, That tbfe House do insist upon their disagreeing with the Lords'in the said Amendments, insisted upon by the Lords;

It was resolved in thfe Affirmative.

And the Question being put, Thatthe House do agree Ti lth the Lords in the Amendment, made by the Lords to the Amendment, made by this House;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That a free Conference be desired with Conference the Lords, upon the Subject-matter of the last Confo- defied with rence upon the Bill, intituled, An Act toprevent Ocea- Lord , sional Conformity.

Ordered, That the Members, who managed the last Conference, dd manage the said free Conference; and that Sir Tho. Pezt-is, Sir Humph. Mr. Conyers, Mr. Webb, Sir Cha. Hedges, Mr. Bridges, Lord

Dysert, Mr. Hamond, Mr St.John, Mr. Pagit, Serjeant Hooper', Mr. Palmes, be added to the Managers;

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a _ ,

Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for graut- Subsidies! ing divers Subsidies to her Majesty, lor carrying onjthe present War.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Comtoittee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they bad made some Progress in the Bill, and had directed him to move, that they may have faave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, qpon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the sakl Bill.

And then the House adjourned till To-morfovt Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mortis, 12 die Januariii Anno primo Ann® Regina.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, for the better improving a certain St Martin Piece of Ground in the Parish of St. Marlin in in the Field# the Fields, and for other the Purposes therein mentioned, E tat -Was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act for the better improving a certain Piece of Ground in the Parish of St. Martins in the Fields, for the Use Of the Poor, and other the Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Crosse do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto;

Ordered, That Mr. Alcock have Leave to go info the Lear of Country for Three Weeks, for Recovery of his Health. Ab»ence.

Irish For- Ordered, That the Trustees, for Sale of the forfeited fcitarcs. Estates in Ireland, do attend this House upon Thursday Morning next; and that the Papers, by them laid before the House, be then taken into Consideration.

Pwushing Mr. Conyers (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, for punishing Officers, or Soldieft, who shall mutiny, or desert her Majesty's Service; end for Vo i. 14.

An ingrossed Bill, to enable the Devisees of supple's

Supple, and all claiming under them, to make Leases, F.stau. for Improvement of the Estate devised, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that th TitJe be, An Act to enable the Devisees of James Supple, end all claiming under them, to make Leases, for Improve-mept of the Estate devised.

E a

110

i 2° Jamariu A. 1702.

Ordered, That Mr. Vernon do carry the Bill to the \ That Air..' Halsey, Mr. Crosse, Mr. Cowper'

Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto. tagu Mr. Mr. Mr. Estate.

HarvMr. Mr. Sir 'Cha. Hot ham.

An ingrossed Bill, to enable John Arderne, Esquire, Mr. IVal]H)le, be added to the Committqe, to whom ther. to pay his Father's Debts, and make Provision for his ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, for vesting of several Brothers and Sister, tvas read the Third time. Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, County of Essex, late belonging to Courier, Gende-An Act to enable John Arderne, Esquire, to pay his man, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for better Pay-Father's Debts, and make Provision for his Brothel's and rnent of his. Debts, and Legacies, charged thereon, is 'Sister. committed.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Edon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Burton- An ingrossed Bill, for confirming the Division of a

Dasset Inclo- Third Part of the Manor of Burton-Dasset, in the sure. -County of Wancick,heretofore made by the Owners

thereof, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That

And the same was Thrice read, and, upon the Ques-- tion put thereupon, agreed unto by die House, to be

made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for confirming the Division of a Third Part of the Manor of Burton-Dasset, in the County of heretofore made by the Owners thereof.

Ordered, That the Lord Marquis of Arlington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Transport - A Petition of John D and Francis in

Debt. behalf of themselves, and others, Owners of the Sevep Sail of Ships, taken up, and hired, by the Commissioners fin' Transport, to carry Provisions to for

.....- Relief of his late Majesty's Forces there, was presented

to the House, and read; setting forth, that in July, 1697, the said Commissioners endeavoured to hire Ships for the said Service, but the Season being far spent for such a Voyage; they were generally refused, because of the extreme Danger and Hazard, both of Ships and Men; but the: Petitioners, being well assured, that the said Forces must have perished, and our Interest there greatly suffer, except they were supplied from hence, did resolve to run $11-Dangers, to . perform so great a Service to the Nation in general; and accordingly did contract, by Charter-party, to perform the same, at a much under Rate, to what the said Commissioners had before offered to pay out of that Year's Funds; and the said Ships proceeded on the said Voyage, and underwent very great Hardships, and Losses, in their Rigging and Sails, and many Inconveniencies to the Men; that, after many fruitless Attempts, to recover their just Demands, the Petitioners were compelled to apply themselves to this House, who, on the 26th of January, 1699, by their Vote, recommended them to the then Lords of the Treasury, for Relief; and notwithstanding the Petitioners frequent Solicitations since that Time, and their Account stated, and allowed, by the said Commissioners for Transport Service, yet they could never obtain any other Answer from the Commissioners of the Treasury, than, that they had not Money to pay the same; whereby the good Intention of the House, designed to the Petitioners, has been frustrated, though the whole Debt amounts to but about G,oooo/.: And praying, that, in Consideration of their signal' Services, and long and great Sufferings, they may [receive] their Principal, and Interest, out of such Funds,- as shall be given this Session of Parliament, or such other Way, as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Commissioners, appointed to take, examine, and determine, the Debts,

due to the Army, Navy, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes, taken during the late War,

/ . to report and state the Matter of Fact to this House.

Leave of Ab- Ordered, That Sir William have Leave to go

ence. into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir Math, Dudley, Mr. Mr. Clandestine

Pemberton, Mr. Colchester, Mr. DMr. Clark, Mr. exporting Cartwright, Mr. Net'ill, Sir John MordanMr. Herne, "°°1'

Mr. Naylor, Air. lloblyn, be added to the Committee,

to whom the Petition of the Alerchants, Clothiers, and other Traders in the-Woollen Manufacture, in am) about the Towns of Wakefeild and Halifax, in the County of York, is referred.

.A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Halford Dodson' and Dr. Edisbury:' Esuue.

: Air. Speaker,:;

The LquIs have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Alcssuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, of Tobias Ilodsqn, the elder, Esquire, a Luna-

tiek, in Trustees, for Payment of his Debts, and making Provision for himself, his Wife, and only Son; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.. '

And. then the Alessengers withdrew.

Ordered, That I.eaye be given to bring in a Bill, to Linens called explain a Clause in the Act of the Seventh Year of his boielaps. late Majesty (for continuing several Duties, granted by former Acts, upon Wine and Vinegar, and upon Tobacco, and East India Goods, and other Merchandize imported,

for carrying on the War against France) relating to coarse Linens, commonly called Borelaps; and that Air. Bio-Jicld, Mr. England, Lord Coningsby, and Air. Conyers, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to them, that they bring in a Clause, to explain the Law, touching the double Subsidy, in respect of the Charge on Linen.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Ilolford, and Dr. Edisbury:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Fane's enable the surviving Trustees and Executors of the last Estate.

Will and Testament of Thomas Fane, Esquire, deceased, to pay an Annuity unto Mildmay Fane, Esquire, for his Alaintenance and Education, until he shall attain his Age of Onc-and-twenty Years; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Alessengers withdrew.

A Bill for punishing Officers, or Soldiers, who shall Punishing mutiny, or desert her Majesty's Service, and for punish- Mutiny and ing false Alusters, and for better Payment of Quarters, iJeseitl0a was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House (according to Order) proceeded to hike into Array Debt . Consideration the Account of the Proceedings of the Commissioners, appointed by Act of Parliament to take, examine, and determine, the Debts, due to the Army,

Navy, and for 'Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes, taken during the late War.

And the said Account being read;

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, for reviving and continuing, the Act, for appointing Commissioners, to take,. examine, and determine, the Debts due to the Army, "Navy, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes, taken during the late War; and that Si Chridcp/n r Ma\-,rave, Mr. Lowndes, the Lord CoiuijfisJty, Mr. Conyers, \lr. Moor, and Colonel Byerley, do in the said Bill.

' Then

.1 -Ami.. 12° — -130 Januarit.

Hi

; Then the House proceeded to consider the said Account, Paragraph by Paragraph.

And the Paragraph, relating to the Army, being again Tead, and considered;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction, that effectual Provision be made in the said Bill, t<» oblige those, that are to account before the said Commissioners, to bring in their Accounts by a certain Day, under a Penalty.

The Paragraph, relating to Transport Service, being > again read, and considered;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction also, that Provision be made in the said Bill, to enable the said Commissioners to make out Debentures, according to the Account by them stated, of the Transport Debt, due to the Dutch.

The Paragraph, relating to the Irish Regiments, being again read, and considered;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction also, that Provision be made in the said Bill, for pacing the Irish Regiments, according to the Establishment of the 1st of dune, i6po.

The Paragraph,- relating to- the Muster-rolls rased, being again read, and considered;

Ordered, That it bean Instruction also, that Provision be made in the said. Bill, that the said Commissioners make up Accounts of the Army, without Regard1 to any Rasures, or Blots, in the Muster-rolls, or any additional or fictitious Names; - ' > V 1

The Paragraph relating to Prizes, being again read, and considered; .-

Ordered, That it bean Instruction also, that Provision be made in the said LIII, that the respective Persons, who are to make up their Accounts of Prizes.1 do makeup the same: according to the Scheme, and Directions, approved by this House.

The last Paragraph, relating to Mr. Whitaker, being again read, and considered; as also his Accounts, and the Commissioners Observations thereupon;

Whitaker's Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to Accounts. charge Mr. Eduard Whitaker with all the Money, received by him from the Treasurer of the Navy, and to make him accountable in the Exchequer for the same; and that Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Moor, Sir Christopher grave, and Mr. Marks, do prepare, and bring-in, the same.

Call of the Ordered, Tlmt the Call of tire House be adjourned till House.' this Day Sevenuight; and that such Members, as do not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Accommoda- Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-tion of the night, resolve itself into a Committee of the- whole House,

Navf upon the Bill, for the better Accommodation of her Majesty's Navy.

Sodbury, &c. Ordered, That the Reports from the Committee of Elections. Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, and Borough of Tavistock, in the County of be made

upon Thursday next.

Oath of Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn-

Atjuration. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for enlarging the Time for taking the Oath of Abjuration, and also for recapacitating and indemnify ing such Persons, as have not taken the same by the Time, and shall take the same by a Time to be, appointed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Vo 1.1 If.

Mcrcurii, 13 die

Anno primo Annoe R.

raters.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Caldicot's for raising One thousand Five hundred Pounds by Estate. Mortgage of Lands, in the County of Dorset, for Payment of Debts, aridr for a further Provision and Maintenance for the younger Children of Philip Caldieot, Esquire, was read the 1 irst time. ' v

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act, Bramptofc concerning the Exchange of certain Lands, lying in or near Brampton,in the County of Northampton, for Lands, lying in or near JTick ham, in the County of was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Mr. Price,

Colonel Stringer, Mr Pigott, Mr. Bertie, Si dant, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Hungerjbrd, Mr.

Mr. Verney, Mr. Harley, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. -oa> vis, -Sir Fran. Massam, Sir Hum. Mr.

Mon cl ion, Mr. Gen/, Sir Jos. JelcyllMr. Clayton, Mr.

Pupillm, Sir Robert Edon, Mr. WilkiSir Wm

Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Price, Sir Owen Buckingham, Mr.1 Levinz, Mr. Burnaby, Mr. England, Mr. Mitchell, Mr.

Palmes; and all, that serve for the Counties of Northampton and Lincolne: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at 1 ive a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Halsey, Mr. Onslow, Mr stnwer, &c.

Mr: Fag, Mr. Robert Bruce, Mr. Burnaby, Mr. Laketi Navigation Mr: Wilkins, Mr. James Bruce, Mr. Mr,.

'Stamriv, Mr. Smithson, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Gape, Mr.

Trejusis, Mr. Jam'cs, he added to the Committee, to whom the Bill, for the better putting in Execution an Act, formerly made, for making, navigable the Rivers Sharer' and Sulwerp; in the Counties of and

Stafford, is committed.

A Petition of John Marsh of in Middlesex, Cowper's Farmer, was presented to the House, and read; setting Estate, forth, that there is a Bill, depending in the House, for the vesting of the several Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Esselate belonging to John Cowper, Gentleman, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for better Payment of his Debts, and Legacies, charged thereon; wherein it is alledged, that certain Lands in Chipping-ongerdid belong to five stud Cort'per,

although, upon an Inquisition, they were found to belong to Richard Thompson, deceased, against whom the Petitioner hath obtained a Judgment upon a Bond of 600 /.

Penalty: And praying, that be may be heard by his Counsel, before the said Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Bill, for the better repairingand amending the High- Woadfori

ways, from the North End of Thornwood Common, to Roa *

ford, in the County of Essex, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill.be committed to Mr. Guyn,

Mr. Walpole, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Annesley, Lord Coningsby,

Mr. England, Mr. Wilkins, Mr. Blofield, Mr.

Sir Robert Edon, Mr. Monckton, Sir Edw. Turner, Sir John Mordant, Mr. Drake, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Ogle, Mr.

Lee, Mr. Wylde, Mr. Halford, Sir Hen. Burnaby, Mr.

Winstanlcy, Sir John Thorald, Mr. Mr. Harvey,

Mr. Mountague, Mr. Fagg, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Ha rcourt, Mr. Hayes, Mr, Poke, Mr. Hun-

geiford, Mr. Parker, Mr. Masters, Mr. Clarke, Mr.

Hurley, Sir Wm. Drake, Mr. HenLyMr. Blofield, Mr. Clayton; and all that serve for the Counties of Essex,

Hertford, No folk, Suffolk, and Cambridge: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill,

Persons employed in Woollen Ma-nufactureg.

Resumption of GrtltUs.

Occasional

Conformity.

Supply Bill} Subsidies.

Conference with Lords agreed to.

Money for repairing Churches, fee.

Disfranchising Hindon Borough.

A Bill, for the more effectual preventing the Abuses, and Frauds, of Persons, employed in working up the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, and Cotton Manufactures of this Kingdom, was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second timpi

Mr. Comptroller presented, to the House (according to Order) a Bill, for resuming such Grants, as are therein mentioned: And the same was received, and read the First time. _ '

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Amiesley do go to the Lords, and desire e- free Conference with their Lordships, upon the Subject-matter of ttye last Conference upon the Bill, intituled, An Act for preventing occasional Conformity.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into r Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill, for granting divers Subsidies to her Majesty, for cariyHng on the present War.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Bill, and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House wifi, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Annesley reported, that, he having (according tp

Order) been at the Lords, to desire a free Conference, the Lords do agree to a free Conference, and appoint the same tp he upon Sqtifrdqy next, at One a Clock, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, for the more easy Recovery of Monies for repairing Churches, be read the Third time upon Saturday Morning next

Resolved \That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upop the Bill, for the disfranchising the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts,

And then the House adjpurnpcf tiU To-ipprrow Morning, Nine a Clock-

Jovis, 14 die Januarii;

i3° — 14 Jtnuarii

A. 1701,

Williams'

Estate.

Goddard's

Estate.

Anno primo Anne: Regina.

Praters.

AN ingfo§sed Bill, to enable Sir Edvard Williams to sell certain Manors, and Lands, in the Counties of Brecon and Radnor, for Payment of Debts, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the BUI do pass; and that the Title be, An Act to enable Sir Edward Williams tp sell certain Manors, and Lands in the Counties of Brecon and Radnor, for Payment of Debts.

Ordered, That Mr. Lloyd do carry the Bill to the Lords,

and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Hunt reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for better settling the real and personal Estate of John Goddard, Esquire, deceased, to and for the Benefit of John Goddard, his Son, and Maty Goddard, his Daughter . Infants, during their Minority, was committed: mat they had; examined the Allegations therein, and found the sipne to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the same, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that they had made an Amendment to the Bill, which they had directed him to report tp. the House: 12

Which he repd in hfePktcp, Rpd afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was twice read; and is, as folfoweth;

Press5. L. 17. After " Successors," to insert, " other than and except the said William

And,the Question being puy That the House do , with foe Committee, in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative,

Mr. Vemey reported from the Committee, to whom Morris the Bill, for Sale of Part of the Estate of Charles Morris, E»ut . Esquire, for the Payment of Debts charged thereon, and for the making Provision for his younger Children, was committed; that they bad examined the Allegations therein, and found the same to be true; and that tl e Panties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which titey had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Richard Onslow (according to Order) presented to Chancery-the House a Bill, for the better collecting the Duties, lane and Liw- granted for making the Way out of Chancery-lane into ,nn Lincolns Inn Fields, and for determining the said Duties, when the Parties concerned are paid: And the same was received and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second tune.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richat'd Holford, and Mr. Fill:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Wayfoort , naturalizing Nicholas Wayfoort, and Jacob Sanderjelt; to &c-which they desire the Concurrence of this House:

Also the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An LordCashells'Act to enable Richard Bulkley Viscount in the tiUte-

Kingdom of Ireland, and Richard Bulkley, Esquire, his Son, to make a Settlement, upon the Marriage of the said Richard Bulkley, without any Amendments:

Also, the Lords have agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Aldwortii's Act to enable Charles Aldworth, Esquire, to sell Lands J-Stote-and Tenements for Payment of his Father's Debts, and his Sisters Portions, without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of Nicholas Cowper was presented to the CowperV House, and read; setting forth, that there is a Bill, de- stoW pending in the House, for the vesting of the several Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Essex, late belonging to John Cowper, Gentler map, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for better Payment of his Debts, and Legacies, charged thereon; to which Estate, the petitioner is advised, he hath a good Title, as next Tenant in Tail, by virtue of a Settlement thereof, made by Robert Bourne, the Petitioner's Father's Half Brother; but the said John Cowper having devised the said Estate to his two Sisters, Ann Fowler and Dorothy Thompson (who have got the said Settlement, and other Evidences of the Premises, and conceal the same) they are-now endeavouring to pass the said Bill, on purpose to bar the Petitioner from suing for the said Estate in a Court of Equity: And praying, that he may be heard, before the said Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Blofield(according to Order) presented to the House Linens called a Bill, to explain several Clauses in Two Acts, one made Borelaps. in the 7th, and the other in the 8th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, relating to a certain Sort of Dnen Cloth,

called

Supply Bill; Malt Duties.

Supply Bill; Annuities.

Supply Bill; Coal Duties.

Fowler's

Estate

Irish'Forfeitures.

i Ann. i40 Januarit. 11$

called Borelaps, and to the double Duty oh Irish Linen: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, for granting a Supply to her. Majesty, by several Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for granting a Supply to her Majesty, by several Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry.

1 A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard and Mr Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty, by Sale of several Annuities at the Exchequer, for carrying on the War against France and Spain, without any Amendments:

And also, to a Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Cinders, without any Amendments:

Also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishing a Partition, made by Sir Edmond Fowler, Knight, and Dame Ann, his Wife, and Elizabeth Buggin, Widow, of certain Manors and Lands in the County of Kent, in the Year 1634; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House (according to Order) proceeded to take into Consideration the Memorial of John Baggs, Esquire, and John Trenchard, Esquire, Two of the Trustees for sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

And the Heads thereof being severally read, and considered; and the said Trustees having been called in, and heard; and withdrawn;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to enable the Trustees, during the Continuance of the Powers vested in them, to make an Apportionment of the several Quit-rents, Crown-rents, and Composition-rents, charged upon the forfeited Estates in Ireland, so as the said Rents be sufficiently secured, to be duly answered; and that Sir Tho. Powis, Mr. Solicitor-general, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Gwyn, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction, that they do make Provision (upon the Expiration of the Powers given the Trustees) for securing and collecting all Debts, and Arrears of Rents, as shall be then due to the Publick.

.'Then the said Trustees were again called in, and asked several Questions; and they (according to Order) presented to the House an Estimate, or Account, to what Value the Forfeitures in Ireland will be lessened, by reason of the Bills, and Clauses, passed the last Session of Parliament; and also a further Memorial of the said Trustees.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title of the said Estimate, or Account, was

read.

And also the said further Memorial was read.

The said Estimate, or Account, is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

And the said Memorial is, as followeth; viz.

To die honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled:

The farther Memorial of John Baggs and John -chard, Two of the Trustees for the forfeited Estates in Ireland,

Humbly sheweth,

THAT, though the Trustees have proceeded on the Sales of the said Estates, from the 20th of October last, they have not been able to sell to the Value of Forty thousand Pounds: That they find fewer Purchasers, than might be expected, and few or no second Bidders for the same Estate: That, they believe, there is not Purchasing-money enough in Ireland, to buy any considerable Pro-

Vo j.. 14. ....

portion of the Lands, to be sold, and but few Debentures afe yet gone over; which they conceive to be occasioned, either by their not being fully stated, and adjusted, by the Commissioners, for examining and determining the Debts, due to the Army, &c. or that the Proprietors of Debentures prefer Interest in England to Lands in Ireland: And therefore, lest they should be under a Necessity, either of selling the Forfeitures at far less than their Value, or not selling them within the Time limited, they thought it their Duty, and accordingly have directed us, to represent the same to your Honours; that such Provision may be made, for facilitating the Sales, as to your Honours, in your great Wisdoms, shall seem meet

J. Baggs.

John Trenchard.

Ordered\That it be an Instruction also, that Provision be made in the said Bill, for putting a stop to the Interest on Debentures.

Ordered, That the said Trustees do attend this House again upon Saturday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Baron Price, and Mn Baron Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to clause in explain a Clause in an Act, made in the 12th Year of his Act of Set-late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the further tlemenl Limitation of the Crown, add better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Bill be redd Tomorrow Morning, in a full House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- coal Trade, night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for encouraging the Navigation, with respect to the Coal Trade.

Resolved, That this House will, upon [Monday ] Rajsing tbs Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Militia. Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for raising the Militia of this Kingdom, for the Year 1703, notwithstanding the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn- Qualification ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole of Members. House, upon the Bill, for the more free and impartial Proceedings in Parliament, by providing, that no Persons shall be chosen Members of the House of Commons, but such, as have sufficient real Estates.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Running of night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Brandy, upon the Bill, for the encouraging the Consumption of malted Corn, and for preventing the Frauds in running French Brandy.

Ordered, That the Reports, from the Committee of Sudbury, Ac. Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the RlecUtms-Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, and Borough of Tavistock, in the County of Devon, be made upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Edon, Sir Francis Gloucester

Mr. Hungerjord, Mr. Blo/ield, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Clay- 1;,oor

ton, Mr. Vernon, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill, for incorporating certain Persons, for the better providing for, and setting at work, the Poor in the City of Gloucester, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

This Word js supplied from the printed Votes.

F f

114 150 Januariu . 1702.

Veneris, 15 die Januarii; primo Annas

Prayers.

Vescy's A N ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Estate. JLx. for Sale of divers Lands in the County of Kildare,

and Kingdom of Ireland, being the Estate (AAgmondi-sham Vesey, Esquire, and his two Daughters, Ann Vesey

and Henrietta Vesey, for the paying of Debts, and clearing Incumbrances, charged thereon, and also for impowering the said Agmond Vesey to make Leases, for any Term, not exceeding one-and-twenty Years, was read the First time.

Resolved', That the Bill be read a Second time.

Leave of Ordered, That Major Morgan have Leave to go into Abseace. the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Loane's An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Estate. for the better Execution of the Will of John Loane, Esquire, deceased, and for Sale of Part of his Estate, to pay his Debts and Legacies, for preserving the Residue thereof, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

standing upon the said Rivers, the Petitioners having greatly suffered by former Attempts about the said Navigation, notwithstanding the Provision, made by the former Act, to prevent such Daniage: And praying, that they may be heard by their Counsel, to oiler their reasons against the passing of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act, Bishop of giving further time to John Lord Bishop of Chichester, Chichester's and his Successors, to make Leases of certain Houses, and Leases. Ground, in and near Chancery-lane, belonging to the Bishoprick of Chichester, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Conyers,

Sir Fran. Massam, Mr. Pelham, Sir Nich. Pelham, Mr.

Hayes, Mr. Mount ague, Mr. Blofield, Mr. Walpole, Mr.

Lee, Mr. Gerey, Mr. Fagg, Mr. Brewer, Lord Coningsby,

Mr. Clark, Mr. England, Sir Jacob Ashley, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Clayton, Mr. St. John, Sir John Kay, Mr.

Toke, Mr. Yates, Colonel Stringer, Mr. Jennens, Sir 1 Valter Yonge; and all, that serve for the Counties of

and Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Hod son's Estate.

Lone's

Estate.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, of Toby Hods the elder, Esquire, a Lunatick, in Trustees, for Payment of his Debts, and making Provision for himself, his Wife, and only Son, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Pigott reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill, for Sale of several Estates, and that the Money, thereby raised, may be applied to the Payment of the Debts, now charged thereupon, and that the Residue may be placed out at Interest, for the Benefit of Giles Lone, and other Infants, pursuant to their Father's Will, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents thereunto, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and another Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

Great Yar- Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, to tno"th Rl8ht whom the Bill for explaining, and making effectual, a late joug . concerning the Haven and Piers of the Burgh of Great Yarmouth, and for confirming the Rights and Privileges of the said Burgh, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout,- and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

Stower, &c. A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Te-Mavigation. nants, near the River Stower, in the Counties of Stafford and Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there is a Bill in the House, for the better putting in Execution an Act, formerly made, for making navigable the Rivers of Stower and Salwerp, in the Counties of Worcester and; which, if it

should pass, will greatly prejudice the Petitioner's Lands, adjacent thereto, and make wholly useless several Mills,

A Bill, to explain several Clauses in two Acts, one Linens called made in the Seventh, and the other in the Eighth, Years BoreIaP of the Reign of his late Majesty, relating to a certain Sort of Linen Cloth, called Borelaps, and to the double Duty on Irish Linen, was read a Second time.

Rcsohed, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Lord Dysert, Mr. Blo/ield, Mr. England, Sir Edm.

Bacon, Sir Jo. Mordant, Sir Wm. Drake, Mr. Lee, Mr.

Johnson, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Walpole, Mr.

Mr. Hayes, Sir Jac.Astley, Mr. Hu Mr. Mas-

ters, Mr. Clark, Lord Coningsby, Sir John Kay, Sir Chaj Bloys, Sir Walt. Yonge, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Conyers, Mr.

Johnson: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill, for resuming such Grants, as are therein men- Resumption tioned, was read a Second time. ot Grants.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resohed, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of Hester Hereof, Widow, and Relict of Ditto. Charles de la Tour Marquis de Gouvernett, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner's Daughter, Hester, married Henry Lord Eland, and, in Part of a Settlement, the Reversion (after Queen Dowager) of a Fee-farm Rent, of 550/. per Annum, issuing out of the Manors of Bradbury and Hilton, in the County of Durham, was settled upon the said Lord Eland, % and his Heirsj by the late Marquis of Ilallifax, his Father; that the Lord Eland, by his Will, gave the said Fee-farm Rent to his Wife, and for Payment of Debts, and she, by Will, gave it to the Petitioner, who, between them, have paid near 7,000l. for Debts of the Lord Eland, and more are standing out; that the Lady Eland's Will being not according to the Forms of Law, though written all with her own Hand, yet without Witnesses, the Petitioner procured an Inquisition to be found, to entitle his Majesty to the said Fee-farm Rent; who, upon Representation of the Matters aforesaid, by Letters Patents, dated the 29th of April, 169.5, granted the same to the Earl of Romney and Sir Charles Cottcrell, and they, by Deed of same Date, declare the Grant to be in Trust for the Petitioner, and her Heirs; that there is a Bill in the House, for resuming such Grants, as are therein mentioned: And praying, that the Benefit of the said Grant may be preserved to her, and her Heirs.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered,

Grants since 1688.

The House interpose to prevent a Quarrel.

St Paul's Cathedral.

Supply Bill; Subsidies.

Clause in Act of Settlement.

Resumption of Grants.

1 Ann. 15" — 16

1 5

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, of all the Grants, made since the 13th Day of February, 1688, to whom made, and in Trust for whom; and of the Warrants, by which they were passed; and that the said Account be laid before the House by Mr. Lowndes.

The House being informed, that some Words of Heat had passed between the Lord and Mr. Fleming,

in the House;

They were injoined by the House, not to prosecute the same.

And they severally stood up in their Places, and said, they would obey the House therein.

Resolved, That the Orders of the Day be read:

Which being severally read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill,' for finishing, adorning, and securing, the Cathedral Church of Paul's.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill, for granting divers Subsidies to her Majesty, for carrying on the present War.

unless some Provision be therein made for their Relief:

And praying the House to take the Premisses into Consideration, and grant Relief therein; or that the Petitioner may he heard by his Counsel thereupon.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed

An ingrossed Bill, for Sale of Part of the Estate of Morris' Charles Morris, Esquire, for the Payment of Debts Estale-charged thereon, and for the making Provision for his younger Children, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Charles Esquire, for the Payment of Debts charged thereon, and for the making Provision lor his younger Children.

Ordered, That Mr. Varney do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Colonel Strangewayes have Leave to Leave of go into the Country, for Three Weeks, upon extraordi- Absence, nary Occasions.

Mr. Clayton (according to Order) presented to the Privateers. House a Bill, for the better Encouragement of Privateers:

And the same was received.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to explain a Clause in an Act, made in the 12th Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Limitation of the Crown, and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, was (according to Order) read the First time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbat i, 16" die Januarii;

Anno primo Annae Regina.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Hairy Guy, Esquire, the surviving Trustee of the last Will and Testament of Sir William Pultemy, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said Sir William, and his Ancestors, have, for near 200 Years past, held, by Lease from the Crown, several Lands and Tenements within the Liberty of Westminster, and County of Middlesex, whereof Sir Win. died possessed, by virtue of a Lease from King Charles the 2d, for about Thirty Years then to come; that Sir Wm. by his Will, did appoint the Petitioner and Sir Thomas Clarges Trustees, to sell, amongst other Things, all his Leasehold Estate, and to lay out the Money arising the reby, after Debts, Legacies, and Portions, paid, upon a Purchase of Lands in Fee-simple, for the Benefit of his Family, to be settled, as by his Will; and the said Trustees obtained a Decree in Chancery, to enable them to purchase, from the Crown, a further Term of Years in the said Lands and Tenements, and other Part in Fee-simple, and accordingly did make such Purciiase of their late Majesties, for which they actually paid into the Exchequer above 2,400l. and surrendered to the Crown a large Piece of Ground, for a Burying-place for St. James's Parish; since which, Part of the Premisses have been sold to several Purchasers, for valuable Considerations, which, with the several Purchases from the Crown, are confirmed by Act of Parliament; and thereby the Petitioner is also impowered to sell the Remainder of the Premisses, and accordingly he hath sold, and contracted for Sale of, most of the remaining Pait thereof; that, if the Bill, in the House, for resuming such Grants, as are therein mentioned, should pass into a Law, it will be not only a great Hardship, hut tend almost to the Ruin of the said Family, Vo l. 14.

A Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants, Iron- jron Manu-mongers, Sadlers, Cutlers, and Traders, in and about the factures. Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, on behalf of themselves, and many Thousands of poor Workmen in and about the same, was presented to the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do He upon the Table, until the Bill, for the more effectual preventing the Abuses, and Frauds, of Persons, employed in working up the Woollen, Linen, Fu3tian, and Cotton, Manufactures of this Kingdom, shall be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, for explaining, and making effectual, Great Yar-a late Statute, concerning the Haven and Piers of the moulh E,sht Burgh of Great Yarmouth, and for confirming the Rights of Boro13 ' and Privileges of the said Burgh, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act for explaining, and making effectual, a late Statute, concerning the Haven and Piers of the Burgh of Great Yarmouth, and for confirming the Rights and Privileges of the said Burgh.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Duke of for settling divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, the Eeaufort Estate of Henry Duke of Beaufort, according to Agree- slate' ment made upon his Marriage, and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Compton,

Sir John Packineton, Sir Wm. Forester, Sir Robert

Jenkinson, Mr. How, Mr. Nicholas, Sir Hum. Mack-worth, Mr. Harcourt, Sir Math. Dudley, Mr. Anstis,

Mr. Nevill, Sir Fran. Blake, Mr. Crosse, Colonel Col-

chester, Lord Pou'let, Mr. Bruce, Mr. Southwell, Mr.

Clayton, Mr. Fleetwood Dormer, Mr. Solicitor-general,

Mr. Annesley, Mr. Blathwaite, Mr. Boyle, Mr.

Sir Jos. Jekyll, Mr. Harley, Mr. Dormer, Colonel

Stringer, Mr . Hoblyn, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Bingham,

Sir Fran. Massam, Mr. HungerJ'ord, Mr. Child, Mr.

Trefusis, Mr. Tilhey. Sir Jos. Child; and all that serve for the Counties of Wilts, Gloucester, Hereford, and for Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The Managers, appointed, went to the free Conference Occasional ' with the Lords, upon the Bill, intituled, An Act for pre- Conformity.' venting occasional Conformity:

And being returned;

Mr. Bromley reported, That there was such a Crowd conference in the Painted Chamber, that the Managers could not interrupted, get to the Table.

Ordered,

Conference proceeded in.

Oath of Abjuration.

16® — 18 Januarii. A. 1702.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to acquaint their Lordships, That the Managers have been to meet the Lords at the free Conference; hut that there was such a Crowd, that they cannot get to the Table, to manage the same; and to desire the Lords to give Order, to prevent the same.

Ordered, That the Lord Marquis of do

go to the Lords with the said Message.

Ordered, That no Member do presume to stand within the liar, at the Table in the Painted Chamber, but such, as are appointed Managers.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do go into the Painted Chamber, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House immediately.

The Lord Marquis of Hartington reported, That, he having been at the Lords, according to Order, the Lords returned Answer, that they will clear the Painted Chamber accordingly.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have given Order, to clear the Painted Chamber; but, unless this House will send for their own Members from thence, it will be difficult to be done.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That an Answer be returned to the Lords, That this House hath already ordered all their Members, who are in the Painted Chamber, to attend the Service of the House immediately.

And the Messengers were called in again, and Mr. Speaker acquainted them tl>erewith.

The Serjeant at Arms acquainted the House, that he had (according to Order) summoned the Members in the Painted Chamber; but that several did still remain there.

Ordered, That the Serjeant and Clerk-assistant do go into the Painted Chamber, and take the Names of such Members, as shall refuse to come from thence.

And they went accordingly: And being returned; the Serjeant acquainted the House, that all the Members Ivere come out of the Painted Chamber.

The House being informed, That many Members remained in the Passage between the House and the Painted Chamber;

Ordered, That the Serjeant do go with the Mace into the said Passage, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House immediately.

And he went accordingly: And being returned; he acquainted the House, that all the Members are come out of the said Passage.

The House being informed, That there were several Members, that yet remained in the Lobby, and the Rooms there;

Ordered, That the Members, who are in the Lobby, and Rooms there, do come into the House; or that their Names be taken by the Clerk.

And all the Members there did come into the House.

Ordered, That no Member do presume to go out of the House, till the Managers are gone out for the free Conference, and until Mr. Speaker do leave the Chair.

Then the Names of the Managers were called over; and they went to the free Conference; and the other Members afterwards, upon the Speaker's leaving the Chair:

And being returned;

Mr. Bromley reported, That they had been at the free Conference with the Lords, which had been very long; and had left the Bill, and the Amendments, with the Lords.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for enlarging the Time for taking the Oath of Abjuration, and also for rccapaeituting and indemnifying such Persons, as have not taken the same by the Time, and shall take the same by a Time to be, appointed;

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, for the more easy Monfes for Recovery of Monies for repairing Churches, be read the Third time upon Monday Morning next. urc cs'

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn- Qualification ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole o{ Members. House, upon the Bill, for the more free and impartial Proceedings in Parliament, by providing, that no Persons shall be chosen Members of the blouse of Commons, but such, as have sufficient real Estates.

Ordered, That the Two Trustees, for the Irish For- Irish Forfeitures, who are in Town, do attend this House upon feiture . Wednesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna, 18° die Januarii;

Amoprimo Annas Regina '

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Fowler' for confirming and establishing a Partition, made by Sir Edmund Fowler, Knight, and Dame Ann, his Wife, and Eliz. Buggin, Widow, of certain Manors and Lands in the County of Kent, in the Year 1634, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition oijohn Pulteney, Esquire, was presented to Resamptioa the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner's o{ Grant , late Father, Sir William Pulteney, being, in 1684, possessed of a Messuage, with a small Piece of Ground thereto belonging, in Russel-court, and a Coach-house and Stable in Stable-yard, by virtue of a Lease from the Crown, the Petitioner, upon a full Consideration in Money paid, did then purchase all his Father's Title and Interest in the said Premisses, and built thereon a House, wherein the Petitioner now dwells, which cost him a considerable Sum of Money, presuming upon the Benefit of a Tenant Right to renew from the Crown, upon such reasonable Terms, as his Ancestors had from time to time done, for several Reigns past; that, in consideration of a Fine, actually paid into the Exchequer, and a Tally struck thereupon, and of the great Charge the Petitioner had, and might be at, in building, and repairing, or improving, the said Premisses (without any other beneficial Regard to the Petitioner) his late Majesty, by Letters Patents, dated the 13th of March, 1695, did grant the Petitioner a further Term of Years in the Premisses, after a Term of 30 Years then in being; and, since the last Lease, the Petitioner hath been at great Charges in repairing and improving the said Premisses; that the Bill depending in the House, for resuming such Grants, as are therein mentioned, will be a very great Hardship to the Petitioner, unless some Provision be made therein for his Relief: And praying such Belief in the Premisses, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Fmcndes have Leave to go into the Leave of Country,- for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. Holmes have Leave to go into the Country, for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Petition of George Booth, Esquire, was presented to Resnmptioa the House, and read; setting forth, that in June, 1694, Grant , the Petitioner actually paid into the Exchequer 1,000l. in Consideration of a Grant of 180/. per Annum, in Lands, for 99 Years, after Queen Dowager's Death, and his late Majesty did also, in Consideration of Services, grant the Petitioner a Pension of boo/, per Annum, for 21 Years;

that

i Ann i 8° JanuariL ii

that there is a Bill in the HdUse, for resuming such Grants, as are therein mentioned: And praying, that the Petitioner may be heard by his Counsel, touching his Title to the said Grants, before the said bill do pass.

Ordered \That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

their Family, whose intire Establishment and constant Residence is in England: And praying, that some Exceptions may be made, in their behalf, in the Bill, for resuming such Grants, as are therein mentioned.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Accommoda- A Petition of John Hi Gentleman, and Alice, his

don of the Wife, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, Navy. that the Petitioners are justly entitled to three Acres of Land, Part of the Manor of in the County of Kent, on which several Docks, and naval Accommodations, at Chatham, were made and built by her Majesty's royal Predecessors, upon a Lease, for 30 Years, from the Petitioners Ancestors, long since expired; that there is a Bill depending in the House, for the better Accommodation of her Majesty's Navy, which, if it should pass, as it now is, will greatly prejudice the Petitioners Title, which they are willing to convey to the Crown, upon reasonable Terms: And praying, that they may be heard by Counsel, before the said Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel before the Committee, if they think fit.

Leave of . Ordered, That Mr. Edward Vaughan have Leave to Absence. go iutothe Country torUhree Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. John Vaughan have Leave to go Into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Petition of the Clothiers, and Manufactors of Wool, Clandestine in the County of Dorset, §c. was presented to the House, y|££Ung

and read; setting forth, that the clandestine Transportation of Wool into France, and other Parts, the Decay of Trade at Home, the Ruin of many Families, Increase of the Poor, and Decrease of her Majesty's Customs, by concealed Merchandize brought in Return of our own Wool, is likely to continue, so long as our Wool is suffered to be conveyed by Shipping from one Port to another, and down navigable Rivers near the Seas, and until Officers are established, with such Allowances, as those have on the Coasts of Kent and; the Growth of Wool with the Petitioners being more than theirs, and requires as narrow Inspection, lying as open to the Sea:

And praying, that some effectual Means may be used, for preventing the gre-tt Evil of exporting Wool, that the Woollen Manufacture may not be lost to England.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Laws against exporting Wool, and of the most effectual Ways to prevent the exporting Wool.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to Ditto.-prevent the Exportation of Wool; and that Mr. Brewer,

Mr. Clayton, and Mr. Napier, do prepare, and bring in,

the Bill.

FamsEst&te. An in grossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act' to enable the surviving Trustees and Executors of the last Will and Testament of Thomas Fane, Esquire, deceased, to pay an Annuity unto Fane, Esquire, for his

Maintenance and Education, until he shall attain his Age of One-and-twenty Years, was read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Chancery A Bill, for the better collecting the Duties, granted for Lane and making the Wayoutof Chancery-l into I ftw 11' DD nn ,l an< or c etei m u n§ the said Duties, when the

16 Parties concerned are paid, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Ha rimer, Mr. Crosse, Sir Onslow, Sir John Sir

Walter Yonge, Mr. Clark, Mr. Fleming, Mr. Sir

Robert Edon, Mr. Barker, Mr. Bloj.eld, Mr. Cuke, Sir Wm. Drake, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Mr. Brewer,

Mr. Pi got t, Mr. Eyres, Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. Fagg, Mr.

j Parker, Mr. Marks, Mr. Mr. Pitjteld, Mr.

j Tuck, Mr. Colchester, Mr. Harvey, Mr. and all,

that serve for the Counties of and Middlesex, and

Cities of London and W: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Resumption A Petition of Henry de Nassau' Seigneur d" of Grants, querque, and of Henry Earl of Grantham, Son and Heir apparent of the said Henry de Nassau:, and Henrietta Lady Grantham, his W'ife, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, in consideration of the long Services of the Petitioner Henry de did grunt to him, and his

Heirs, by Letters Patents, dated 14th of June, in the 6th Year of their Reign, certain Rents, issuing out of North and South Wales, and by other Letters Patents, dated 70 December, in the 7U1 Year of their Reign, an other Annuity, issuable out ol tho Duchy of Cornwall; great Part of which Rents are settled upon the said Earl of Grantham, and his Wife (who is the Duke of Ormond's Sister) for their present A Maintenance, and making Provi- sion for the Issue of their Bodies, and was in consideration of 10,000l. paid the Petitioner Nassau1, as the said Lady's Marriage Portion; that the said Grants are the only' Support, of the Petitioners the Earl and Countess, and Vol. 14.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill, intituled,

An Act for granting a Supply to Iter Majesty, by several 41 uUeS" Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for the Augmenting Augmentation of small Vicarages; and that Mr. Coke and 9mal1 Vica Mr. Hicks do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill. rasw'

Ordered, That Mr. Corbet have Leave to go into the Leave of Country, for Recovery of his Health. Absence.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Edon, Sir Jo. Molesworth, Ease of Mr. Snell, Mr. Burridge, Mr. Langhornc, Mr. Price, Mr. shenfe

Halford, Mr. North, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill, for the Ease of Sheriffs, in the Execution of their Offices and passing their Accounts, is committed.

Mr. Gwyn reported from the Committee, to whom the Linens called Bill, to explain several Clauses in Two Acts, one made Borelaps. in the Seventh, and the other in the Eighth, Years of the Reign of hb late Majesty, relating to a certain Sort of Linen Cloth, called Borelaps, and to the double Duty on Irish Linen, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Sir Edmund Denton have Leave to go Leave of into the Country, for Recovery of hb Health. Absence.

A Petition of Henry Earl of Suffolk, Henry Lord - Resumption

den, Edward Howard, Charles Howard, Esquires, and the of Gruni . Lady Diana, Wife of John Pitt, Esquire, Sons and Daugh-

ter of the said Earl of Suffolk, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, in 1669, King Charles the Second purchased of James late Earl of Suffolk (the now Earl's Brother) the Mansion-house of Audley-end, and Park, for 50,000l. whereof 30,000l. was paid, and the remaining 20,00 ol.was, by Letters Patents, of 21

G g 1669,

Publick

Accounts.

Privateers,

Punishing Mutiny and Desertion.

Lords desire I ave for Members to attend them.

Raising the Militia.

Supply Bill; Subsidies,

118 18° — 190

166q, to be paid out of the Revenue, arising by Fire-hearths, which Revenue was taken away by Act of Parliament; and the Debt not being paid, and devised to the Petitioners, they applied themselves to his late Majesty, who, having great Occasions for Money, in consideration of the said 20,000l. due from the Crown, did, by Letters Patents, dated 21 November, 1701, grant the said Premises to Peter King, and Tho. , and their

Heirs, in Trust for the Petitioners; that there is a Bill depending in the House, for resuming such Grants, as are therein mentioned, which will destroy the said Grant, unless some Provision be therein made for the Petitioners Security; they, having discharged a just Debt, of double the Value of the Estate, ought to be looked on as Purchasers: And praying such Relief in the Premises as the House shall think lit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom die said Bill is committed.

Mr. St. John, from the Commissioners for examining, taking, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, presented to the House,

A general State of Receipts, and Issues, of the publick Revenue, between the Feast of St. Michael, 1700, and the Feast of St.Michael, 1701; and,

The general State of Receipts, and Issues, of the publick Revenue, between the Feast of St. Michael, 1701, and the Feast of St. Michael, 1702; with some Observations thereupon.

And the Titles thereof were read.

And the said States are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, take the said States into Consideration.

1

A Bill, for the better Encouragement of Privateers, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill, for punishing Officers, or Soldiers, who shall mutiny, or desert her Majesty's Service, and for punishing false Musters, and for better Payment of Quarters, was read a Second time.

Resohed, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Regard, and Mr. Rogers:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords desire this House to give Leave, that Sir George Rook and Sir Thomas Hobson may attend the Committee (appointed to consider of the Duke of Ormond's and the Flag Officers Journals, in the Expedition to Cadis) to answer some Questions, which their Lordships think necessary to ask them.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House w ill send an Answer by Messengers of their own.

And the Messengers were called in again, and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Resolved, That this House will take the said Message into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for raising the Militia of this Kingdom, for the Year 1703, notwithstanding the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of 7

Januariu 1702.

the Bill, for granting divers Subsidies to her Majesty, for carrying on the present War.

Mr Speaker left the Chair,

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, for the more easy Recovery of Monies for repairing Churches, be read the Third time upon Wednesday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 19 die Januarii',

Anno primo Annas Regina,

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill, for Sale of several Estates, and that the Money thereby raised, may be applied to the Payment of the Debts, now charged thereupon, and that the Residue may be placed out at Interest, for the Benefit of Giles Lone, and other Infants, pursuant to their Father's Will, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for Sale of several Estates, for Payment of Debts charged thereupon, and for disposing of the Residue of the Money at Interest, for the Benefit of Giles Lone, and other Infants, pursuant to their Father's Will.

Ordered, That Mr. Pigott do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Petition of Rebecca Viscountess Dowager of Falkland was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that Anthony late Viscount Falkland, being seised of the Manors of Great and Little in the County of Oxon, of 925/. per Annum, viz. 835/. 15.?. in Reversion (after the Death of his Mother, Rachael Viscountess Falkland, who held the same for her Life, for her Jointure) and the Remainder only in Possession, did, by Indenture, in May 1681, mortgage the said Estate to Mr. Cherry, and Mr. Needier, in Trust for Mr. for 8,000l. in June, 16S1, the said Lord Falkland was made Treasurer of the Navy, and in the same Month was married to the Petitioner; that, in August following, the Lady Litton, the Petitioner's Mother, paid Kirwood the said 8,000l. and Interest, and his Trustees, and Lord Falkland, by Indentures, dated 13th and 14 August, 1681, did convey the said Manors to Trustees, and their Heirs, to the Use of the Viscount for Life, Remainder to the Petitioner, for Life (except a small Part) for her Jointure, Remainder in Tail Male and Female, Remainder to the Petitioner, and her Heirs; that the Lord Falkland died without Issue, and his Mother is now living; so that the Petitioner has had but little Benefit out of the said Estate; and the said 8,000l. Debt, with Interest, amounting to about 18,400l. tho Petitioner was desirous to sell the same; but some Doubt arising, whether the Equity of the said Estate might not be liable for the Account of the Lord Falkland, as Treasurer of the Navy, his late Majesty, upon Application, did, by Letters Patents, in March, 1697, grant the said Manors unto the Petitioner, and her Heirs: And praying, that she may have a Saving in the Bill, for resuming such Grants, as are therein mentioned.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petitior

Mantes for

repairing

Churched

Lone'sEstate.

ResnraptkMfc ef Grants.

Resumption of Grants.

Ditto.

Ditto.

i AnN. i 90 Januani. 119

A Petition of Isabella t)uchess of Grafton was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner, as Executrix of her late Husband, Henry Duke of Grafton, is legally possessed of Three Fourth Parts of

Havering Park in Essex, for the Remainder of a Term of 99 Years, to be renewed by the Queen Dowager from time to time, to 31 Years, at 150/. pef Annum Rent; that the said Duke having contracted great Debts in the Service of their late Majesties, they, by Letters Patents, dated 13 March, in the 5th Year of their Reign, in Consideration of the Duke's good Services, and to enable the Petitioner to pay his Debts, did grant unto John Hampden, Esquire, and Tho. in Trust for the

Petitioner, the said Jth Parts of the said Park, for 99 Years, after the Term aforesaid, at 20 per Annum, Rent, after the Death of the Queen Dowager; that the Petitioner hath paid the Debts of the Duke, more than to the Value of the said Term in Remainder, or any other his personal Estate, whereby she is become a Purchaser, upon a lull valuable Consideration, of the Premises: And praying, that a Clause, for the Petitioner's Relief, may be added to the Bill, for resuming such Grants, as are therein mentioned.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Thomas Ayres was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that Sir ney, deceased, was possessed of certain lands in the Parish of St. James's, by virtue of a Grant, made by . King Charles the Second, and by Lease let out the same to several Persons, to build upon, and by his Will directed all his Leasehold Estate to be sold, appointing thereby Sir Tho. Clarges, and Henry , Esquire, Trustees, who, to further the Sale thereof, did purchase of their late Majesties a further Term of 99 Years, and procured an Act of Parliament, for confirming the Purchases from the Crown, and to enable the Trustees to make further Sales, pay Debts, and raise Portions; that the Petitioner, having held the Premises 37 Years, and, from a common Gravel-pit, improved and built upon the same, was induced, upon the Credit of the said Act to purchase Part of the said Lands, with the Buildings thereon; to complete which, and further improve his Purchase, he has disbursed more than his own Money; to be deprived of which said Purchase will be the Ruin of himself, and Family: And praying the Relief of this House, in such Manner, as they shall think meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for resuming such Grants, as are therein mentioned, is committed.

A Petition of Charles Duke of Albans, and Diana Duchess of St. Albans, his Wife, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners intermarried, upon their late Majesties Promise to setde upon them, for their Lives, 2,000l.' per Annum, in lieu of all Portion to the Duke, and as a Jointure for his Duchess; and accordingly, by Letters Patents, dated the 14th August, in the 6th Year of their Reign, their said Majesties did grant to the Petitioners an Annuity of 2,000 /. issuing, as followcthviz. 500 /. per Annum out of the Revenues in the Principality of Wales, 500 /. per Annum out of the Alienation Fines, and the remaining 1,000 /. per Annum out of the First Fruits and Tenths, during the Life of the longer Liver of the Petitioners; that the Petitioners are advised, the Bill, for resuming such Grants, as are therein mentioned, will make void the said Letters Patents: And praying, that a Saving Clause may be inserted therein, to preserve the said Annuity to the Petitioners.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Vol. 14.

Sir Humphry Macheorth re ported from the Committee, Gloudestef to whom the Bill, for the incorporating certain Persons, >00,‘-for the better providing for, and setting at Work, the Poor in the City of Gloucester, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, w'hich they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by tire House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, that it shall not extend to prejudice the Charitable Nourse, of 25 /. per Annum, amongst the Poor of the Parish of St. John's Bedwardins, near Worcester.

And the same was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Report of the Bill, for the more Accessaries effectual Punishment of Accessaries to Felonies, and Re- Felomes, ceivers of stolen Goods, be made To-inorrow Morning. c‘

Mr. Bromley (according to Order) reported, from the Sudbury Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it Election, appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are, as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of George Da Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Haskenstilcs, Esquire, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk:

That the Petitioner's Counsel alledged, that the Mayor and Town-clerk were partial; and insisted, that he had a Majority of good Voices; and that the Sitting Member, or his Agents, had been guilty of Bribery, and other indirect Practices.

That the Right of Election w'as agreed to be in the Freemen, not receiving Alms.

That a Copy of the Poll was produced; whereby it appeared, that the Sitting Member had a Majority of the Petitioner, by 15; to 32 of which it was, on his Part, objected, that they were not duly qualified to vote, because of their receiving Alms, or Nonage, or polling twice, or because they were not Freemen.

That then they delivered in a List of 35, who, they insisted, were good Votes, and had been refused to be polled for the Petitioner.

Upon which a Question arising, as to the Admission of those to their Freedom, who had a Right to demand it, Evidence was heard on both Sides, to that Point; and the Committee came to this Resolution:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sons of Freemen, born after their Fathers were made free, and those that have served Apprenticeships in the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, have a Right to vote in the Election of Members, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, without any Admission, in Form, to their Freedom, or taking the Oath of Freemen.

That, after this, they went through the List: They gave Evidence to the Freedom [a] of most in it, and waved the rest.

That the Evidence given by the Petitioner, as to the Partiality of the Mayor and Town-clerk, and the Bribery, and other ill Practices, of the Sitting Member, and his Agents, was, as follows:

Mr. Hull said, that the Mayor declared, that no Mart should have a Vote, whose Name was not inrolled according to a late Order, he had obtained from the Corporation, to oblige all Freemen to inrol themselves; and, for want of Inrolment, the Mayor refused several, that had voted 30 Years; and that several, for Mr.

were

[a] Freement Journal.

Sudbury

Election.

129 1 Januani. 1701.

were inrolled, after they were polled; And that the Mayor caused to be put down, in a By-Paper, 40 or 50 disputable Votes, and then would put down no more; and that, when the Poll was over, the Mayor put his Hat on a Stick, and cried, "An E And that there was great Rudeness offered to Mr. and

his Friends; and that it was generally enquired, who the Voters were for, before the' Inrohnent was searched, whether they were free.

William Belgrove said, he offered himself four times to poll for Mr. Dash wood singly; and the Mayor struck him, and bid the Constable and Serjeants carry him to Gaol.

Robert Soul said, he was allowed by the Mayor, as an Inspector for Mr. Dashxcood; yet the Mayor abused him, and took him by the Hair, because he spoke against John Smith's polling, who was not free.

Andrew Fletcher said, that Tho. Foster offered to vote for Mr. Dashxcood two or three times; and insisting on his Right, the Mayor said in the Court publickly, Right or wrong, he should not poll: Sir Cordell also swore, he should not poll.

Edward Bowtell said, that he offered to poll singly for

Mr. Dashxcood i and that he was struck and abused in

Court.

Dauel Bantock said, he offered to poll for Mr. Dash-wood, a'o the Mayor would not let him, because he was an Apprentice. He did not deny his being an Apprentice; but said, he was born free, and was 23 Years of Age.

John Till said, that he was present at the Poll, but not a Freeman; and saw a Man (whose Name he did not remember) offer to poll for Mr. Dashxcood, whom the Mayor refused; and the Man insisting on his Right, the Mayor (at Sir John Cordell's Desire) threatened to send him to Gaol, and afterwards polled him for the Two Sitting Members.

John Gosling, Henry Golding, Thom. Elden, Robert

Golding, were examined, to prove, that Sir John Cordell, who married Mr. Haskenstiles' Daughter, and Samuel

Golding, of London, Barber, had been Agents, in the procuring several Votes for Mr. at this

Election.

And Richard Root said, that Mr. Thomas Hall desired his and Air.. Pink's Votes for the Sitting Members, and put Two 5 s. Pieces in his Hand; which he refusing, he took them from him, and put them into Pink's Hand; who promised his Vote, and voted for the Sitting Members.

John Langden said, that Edward Woodward asked him, John Ilasle, and others, to be for Mr. Haskenstiles; and

that Sir John Cordell gave hint Half a Crown since sontidc, and desired him to make an Interest for his Father, and promised him another Half Crown on the same Account: That he saw Woodward receive one Half Crown, and he told him, he had received another; and that he should have a Breakfast, and 10 and that Mus-ketts and W oodstold him, they had received Half a Crown a-piece, Part of 40 s. that were to be distributed.

Henry So>nersettsaid, he received 20$. of Samuel Golding, in London, to go down, and vote for Mr. Haskenstiles: That he gave Golding a Note for the Money; but Golding promised him, if he polled for Mr. Haskenstiles, it should be destroyed; otherwise, he was told, he must repay the Money; That he did poll for Mr. Haskenstiles, and the Note was tore; and afterwards he received 5 s. more of one Darby, that lived at Sir Jo. Cordell's.

Robert Golding confirmed Henry Somerset's Evidence; and that William Woodward and Tho. Webb received 205. a-piece on the same Condition; and that, the Wednesday following, about 12 Freemen received 5 s. a-piece, at Sir John Cordell's House, from Samuel Golding.

Tho. Webb confirmed Robert Golding's Evidence, as to himself; and said, he would have been for Mr. Dash-wood, but he could not get any Money of Mr. Cole.

Sam. Jones said, that one Smith went round the Town, and gave 3 s. a-piece to 2 or 300 Freemen; but he could

not say, he spoke to them about the Election; only he had a List of their Names, and, as he paid them, cros-ed them out. It was observed, that Smith had not been proved an Agent for Mr. Ilaskcnstyles.

He further said, that Sir John Cordell asked him to be a Witness against Mr. Dashwood, but did not say, to what; and told him, he would pay a Debt of 10/. which he owed to Mr. Cole's Client; and that Mr. Ray, the Steward, told him, that he would put him out of the Parish Rate, if ho would come up with him; which, he understood, was to be a Witness against Mr. Dashwood: That Two Guineas were offered to Robert Olive, to be a Witness for Mr. Haskenstiles; but it was not mentioned, to what; and Olive said, he could say nothing.

That the Counsel for Mr. Haskenstiles recriminated, and called several Witnesses; viz.

Mr. John Pen; who said, that Mr. Dashwood and Mr. Cole came to his House, about the 18th of May, and

desired his Vote; and that Mr. Penn answering, they had Two good Members already, Mr. Dashwood replied, if they would ebuse him, he would give 200l. towards making the River navigable, and 200l. more for a Work-house: That Mr. Perm proposed it to him, to pay the Money down; and Mr. Dashwood said, he did not know, but he might, before he was 24 Hours older: That Daniel Haste was by, when it was said; and being examined, confirmed the same.

Mr. Tho. Paris said, that, upon the 18th of May, as he remembered, his Brother told him, that Mr. Dashwood had given him a Bill for 200l. drawn upon Mr. Hayes, payable within Ten Days; and that the Money was to be kept, till the Election was over, and then was to be applied towards making the River navigable: That he knew Mr. Dashxcood'sHand, and is confident, it was

signed by him; and that he carried the Bill to Mr. Hayed Chamber; where he saw Mr. Dashwood, and was told, he might come Three or Four Days after for the Money; but he returned the Bill to his Brother.

Robert Gurling said, that, in May last, Mr. Dashzooood

and Mr. Cole came to his House, and Mr. Dash-wood asked him, if he had heard the Parliament was come home [a]; and desired his Vote and Interest: That he told Mr Dashwood,he thought, it would be to no Purpose

for him to stand; for Work was scarce, and poor People would not be against them that employed them; and thereupon Mr. Dashwood said, that he would give such a Gift among the poorer Sort, as should oblige them, and he would oblige the rest, by giving 200 more towards making the River navigable; and offered to pay down the Money into his Hands; but he recommended him to Mr. Paris; and Mr. Cole said, if they questioned the

Money, he would give his Note for it: That Mr. Dush-woodfurther said, " The Town is poor, and let us make " the best of it: And Gurling objecting, this would be Bribery, Mr. Dashwood replied, if he got into the House, let them get him out, if they could.

Win. Sparrow said, he had as. of Mr. Dashxcood, for his Journey from Hasted to Sudbury, being Seven Miles: That John Easterson, of Colchester, received Half a Guinea; but he could not say who gave it.

John Berrill said, he lived Three Miles from Sudbury, and Mr. Dashxcood, about a Fortnight before the Election,« gave him 3 s.for his Journey, to prove his Freedom; and he had two Days Entertainment at one Wade's House: That a great many Bushels of Wheat having been distributed, and he having had none, he received 3 s. in lieu of a Bushel of Wheat, which was given to others.

Thomas Woods said, he received Half a Guinea from an unknown Gentleman, to vote for Mr. Dashwood, Mr. Wode being in the next Room; and he voted for Mr. Dashwood on that Account; and that Mr. Dashxcood told him, he had given Five Guineas, to be laid out and distributed in Wheat.

[«j Sic. Orij.

William

Ill

r Ann. 190 Januarii,

M

Tavistock

Election.

William Bunion said, he received Half a Guinea from That, upon the Poll, there was,

an unknown Gentleman, to vote for Mr. Dashwood, For the Lord James Russell, 39-

IVade being in the Yard, when it was given him: That For Mr. , - 25.

therefore he voted for Mr. Dashwood,otherwise he would And the Counsel for the Petitioner opened, that they have voted for the Sitting Members. should take off 13 from the Sitting Member's Poll, and

Edw. Mush in said, he received 10 s. from an unknown add 19 to their own; which would give him a Majority Gentleman, IVade being in Company, who brought the 18.

Gentleman to him: That he- offered his Vote for Mr. That they insisted, that the Right of Election was in Dashwood, and Mr. Haskenslyles; and he was treated on the Freeholders of Inheritance, in Possession, and in the Election-day, on Mr. Dashwood's Account. habiting in the Borough.

Tho. Bmeer said, that Mr. Dashwood and Mr. IVade That the Counsel on the other Side said, this wras not asked him, if he was willing to give Mr. Dashwood his sufficient; but that it was further requisite, they should Vote; and Mr. Dashwood said, he would be as kind to be presented by the Jury of Enquiry, at the Court him, as any other: And, a little before the Election, within the Borough.

Mr. Wade,with another unknown Gentleman, met him, _ Upon which several Witnesses were examined on both

and asked him, if he w'ould be as good as his Word; and Sides:

gave him 105. upon which he promised him his Vote, and voted for Mr. Dashwood, otherwise he would have voted for the Sitting Members.

John Hems ted said, he lived Seven Miles from Sudbury, and on Whitson Tuesday went to Mr. s House,

and received 3 s.from him; and told him, if he did not [a] vote for him, he would give him 65. for his 35. That on the Election-day he received 5 of Wade, and Half a Dozen of Beer, having told him, he would not otherwise be for Mr. Dashwood.

Thomtis Hetnsted said he was present, when his Brother John received the 35. and in that confirmed his Brother's Testimony.

David Thompson said, he received Half a Guinea from an.unknown Person, to bear his Charges from Colchester: The unknown Person did not engage him to vote for any one, but he had before promised his Vote for Mr.

Darhwocd.

Tho. Spring said, he received 35. from Wade, to go for his Brother, who was out of Town; and afterwards received 55. of Mr. Cole, to gratify his Brother: His Brother came 24 Miles; and Mr. Dashwood had promised to gratify his Brother.

And that, upon the Whole, the Committee came to these Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Joseph Haskenstylcs, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That George Dashwood, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Sudbury.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the Election of Joseph Haskenstyles, Esquire, a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Sudbury, is a void Election.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, that Benjamin Carter, late Mayor of the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, was, at the last Election of Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, guilty of great Violence, and many indirect Practices, contrary to the Rights and Privileges of this House.

Ordered, That the said Benjamin Carter be, for his said Offences, taken into Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Mr. Bromley also (according to Order) reported, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of Tavistock, in the County of Devon, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of Henry Manaton, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of the Lord James Russell, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Tavistock, in the County of Devon:

[a] Sic. Orig.

Vol. 14.

For the Petitioner:

Samuel Carter, who had known Tavistock 60 Years, and had been at all Elections since 1660; who said, that the Presentment by the Jury was not a Question, till the last controverted Election, about 6 or 7 Years since: That he voted, before he was presented; and, when he has been of the Jury of Enquiry, he did not make any such Presentment

James Cowper said, he had been at the Elections for 15 Years; and that, in the Year 1688, there was a great Contest, and a Scrutiny: and all the Votes were strictly examined, and the Copies of Wills and Deeds were produced; and no Objection made to any Person, that had not been presented; nor was it an Objection, till the last Resolution of the House. He said, the Jury had been partial to the Duke of Bedford's Interest; and gave some Instances of it.

Dan. Mattacol said, he had known Tavistock 14 or 15 Years; and that the Right of Election was in the Freeholders of Inheritance, living within the Borough; but it weis never reckoned necessary, to have them presented, till the last Resolution of this House; and that at the last Court he carried in, to the Jury, the Names of 12 or 13 Freeholders, who were ready, either at the Door, or in the Court, with their Deeds, to make out their Freeholds; but the Jury refused to present them; and Cunningham and Spry said, " Why should they alienate those " Fellows? They did not think them for their Turn." But Mattacol acknowledged, that several were presented, the last Court, who voted for Mr. Manaton.

Zac. Rowell said, that, sifter he came home from the hearing of Mr. Manaton's Election, about 6 Years sigo,

Mr. Cunningham asked him, " What will become of your " Alienations?" And the Stewrnd said, he-would alienate none, but who were for them: That three, who were of the Jury at that Time, declared they would alienate none, that were for Mr. Manaton;and those three, he thinks, have been constantly of the Jury since that Time. He owned; that the Jury consisted of 24; and, that they were some of the most sufficient Men of the Town.

That the Petitioner's Counsel urged several Resolutions of the House in Favour of their Right; vis.

17 Dec. 13 Car. II. when the House agreed with the Committee, That the Freeholders of Inheritance only had Voices.

8# Dec. 3 Gul. et Mar. when it was reported, that it appeared to the Committee, That the Right of Election was in the Freeholders of Inheritance, inhabiting within the Borough.

13° Mar. 8® Gut. when 'twas resolved, That the Right of Election is in the Freeholdeis of Inheritance, inhabiting within the Borough.

To answer which Evidence, the Sitting Members Counsel called several Witnesses.

Mr. Cunningham said, he had known Tavistock 50 Years, and his Father and himself had been Portreeves; and that the Freeholders of Inheritance, living within the Borough, ought to be presented by the Jury; and so he has heard his Father say; and they were CEdled the Abbot's Burgesses: That the jury is returned by the Bailiff, who is upon his Oath; and that the Steward gives strict Charge,

H h to

Tavistock

Election.

122

190 — 2o° Januarii. A. 1702.

to present all Persons, that have a Right; and that, as far as he has observed, all Persons Titles have been presented, unless there was a very good Objection against them; as, particularly, upon the splitting of Votes; so that sometimes 40 s.a Year has been split, to make Half a dozen Votes. He said, as to the 12 or 13, mentioned by Mat taco/,there was only a Note given of their Names;

but they never presented themselves to the Jury, nor produced their Deeds. He said, he could not remember any formerly refused to vote, for not having been presented; but they did not reckon their Estates very good, till they were presented.

Wa.Shellihurn said, that he had known Tavistock 20 Years; and gave Evidence to the like Effect with Mr. Cunningham.

H'iHiam Spry said, he had known Tavistock 32 Years; and that himself, and one , were presented 20

Years ago; and he had heard old Men say, that those Persons, that claimed Lands, by Descent, or Purchase, ought to be presented; and that he thinks, the Jury present all Persons impartially.

That then the Resolution of this House, 4 Feb. 8 Gul. was produced; That the Right of Election is in the Freeholders of Inheritance, in Possession, inhabiting within the Borough, who have been, or shall be presented, as such, by the Jury of Enquiry of the Borough.

Upon which, the Committee came to this Resolution: Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right of electing Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Tavistock, in the County of Devon, is in the Freeholders of Inheritance, in Possession, inhabiting within the Borough, who have been, or shall be, presented, as such, by the Jury of Enquiry of the Borough.

That the Petitioners Counsel then proceeded to give Evidence, to set aside several of the Lord James s

Votes; and called several Witnesses; who said, that Hockaday, David Serjeant, Elias Geo.

Rich. Farewell, William Knight, Ralph Carter, gesse, Tho. Kelly, and Ed. W had no Votes; one of them being non compos, and the others having no Freehold of Inheritance; and besides, that the two last had Money given them, for their Votes, by the Duke of Bedford's Bailiffs; one 51, the other 6 /.

That the Petitioners Counsel would have gone on to give Evidence of some Persons, who had Freehold Estates, and had not been presented by the Jury of Enquiry, though they tendered themselves; but this was opposed, because of the Resolution of the Committee; and not being allowed, thdy offered nothing further.

That the Counsel for the Sitting Member only called Witnesses to the Reputation of who had given

Evidence to the 51, mentioned before.

Mr. Cunningham, John Edgccmbe, said, that Daniel

Mattacol had been charged with the stealing of Cloth from his Master, when he was an Apprentice; and had been prevailed on by his Friends to go to Virginia.

And then they withdrew, and the Committee came to this Resolution:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Lord James Russell is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Tavistock, in the County of Devon.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out, " who have been, or shall be, presented, as " such, by the Jury of Enquiry of the Borough."

And the Question being put, That those Words stand Part of the said Resolution;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Y

Tellers for the Hickman:} 118'

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the House do agree "with the Committee 1

in the said Resolution, so amended, That the Right of electing Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Tavistock, in the County of Devon, is in the Freeholders of Inheritance, in Possession, inhabiting within the Borough.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That it be recommitted to the said Committee, as to the Alatter of the Poll.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned Call of the until this Day Sevennight; and that such Members, as llouse-shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Accommoda. night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole tion o{ the House, upon the Bill, for the better Accommodation of avJ her Majesty's Navy.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn- Resumption ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Grants. House, upon the Bill, for resuming such Grants, as are therein mentioned.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Disfrau-Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for the lblsl"g ,fin" disfranchising the Borough of Hindon, in the County of on oroU{' Wilts:

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Harley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Harley reported from the said Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Thursday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will take the Afessage from Considers-' ir ' T ' m morrow tion of Lords \

Message deferred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

the Lords, Yesterday, Morning.

into consideration lo-

Mercurii, 20 die Januarii',

Anno primo Annae Regina.

Prayers,

MR. Conyers reported from the Committee, to whom Accessaries the Bill, for the more effectual Punishment of to Felonies, Accessaries to Felonies, and Receivers of stolen Goods, &c was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, that the Charge of conveying Felons to Gaol may be upon the Hundred, or Division, wherein they are taken.

And the same was once read, and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Alessage from the Lords, by Sir Robert Regard, and Air. Rogers:

Air. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act prince of for enabling her Majesty to settle a Revenue, for sup- Denmark's porting the Dignity of his Royal Highness Prince George Revenue Hereditary of Denmark, in case he shall survive her Majesty; without any Amendment:

And

Great Yarmouth Bight of Borough.

Cham Navigation.

Committee of Privileges.

Qualification ui Members.

Conveying

fclops.

| Furnishing \ roops abroad with , English Ma-| dulac Cure,

kc.

Publick

Accounts,

Paul's

Cathedral.

Irish Forfeitures.

Ditto,

Raising the Militia.

i Ann. 20° — ai JanuuriL

And also to the Bill, intituled, An Act for explaining, Consideration the Message from the Lords, on Monday and making effectual, a late Statute, concerning the last, that Sir George Rook and Sir Thomas Hobson may Haven and Piers of the Burgh of Great Yarmouth; and have Leave to attend the Committee, appointed to con-fur confirming the Rights and Privileges of the said sider of the Duke of and Flag Officers Journals,

Burgh; without any Amendment: in the Expedition to Cadiz, to answer some Questions,

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An which their Lordships think necessary to ask them.

Act for making the River Cham, alias Grant, in the And Sir George Rook and Sir Thomas Hobson desired,

County of Cambridge, more navigable, from Clayhilhe that they might have Leave to attend the said Committee,

Ferry, to the Queens Mill in the University and Town as the Lords do desire.

of Cambridge, with some Amendments; to which the OrdeThat Sir Geo. Rook and Sir Tho. Hobson Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. (they having also desired it) have Leave to attend the

And then the Messengers withdrew. Committee of Lords, according to the Message from the

Lords on Monday last.

Ordered, That all such Reports, from the Committee Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to ac-of Privileges and Elections, as shall be then ready, be quaint them, that this House hath given the said Leave, made upon Tuesday Morning next. Ordered, That Mr. Boyle do go to the Lords with the said Message.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Mr. Lowndes (according to Order) presented to the Army Debts, the Bill, for the more free and impartial Proceedings in House a Bill, for reviving and continuing the Act, for Parliament, by providing that no Persons shall be chosen appointing Commissioners, to take, examine, and deter-Members of the House of Commons, but such, as have mine> the Debts due to the Army, Navy, and for Transsufficient real Estates. P°rt Service; and also an Account of the Prizes, taken

during the late War: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for laying upon the Hundred the Charges of conveying to Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported, from the Supply Bill; Gaol Felons, who have no Goods or Estate of their own; Committee of thg whole House, to whom the Bill, for Subsidies, and that Mr. Clayton, Mr. Shackerly, Mr. Pudsey, and granting divers Subsidies to her Majesty, for carrying on Colonel Stringer, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill. the present War, was committed, the Amendments,

made by the Committee to the said Bill, which they had Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Majesty, that she will be graciously pleased to concert Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Measures, for the furnishing her Majesty's Forces, in Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Report be Holland, and Flanders, as far as 'tis possible, with the adjourned till Monday Morning next Manufactures, Corn, and other Product, of England.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, for the more easy Monies for Majesty by such Members of this House, as are of her Recovery of Monies for repairing Churches, be read the Majesty's most honourable Privy Council. Third Time upon Monday Morning next

An ingrossed Bill, for taking, examining, and stating, Ordered, That Sir Hustler, Mr. Bruce, Sir Brampton the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, was read the Kay, Mr. Crosse, Mr. Blofield, Mr. Snell, Mr. Gee, Mr. Exchange of Third time. Fagg,be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill, Land *

And the Blank, left therein for the Commissioners, concerning the Exchange of certain Lands, lying in or was filled up with the Names of those, who were reported near Brampton, in the County of Northampton, for Lands, to the House, that the Majority of the Votes fell upon. lying in or near , in the County of is

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, committed.

An Act for taking, examining, and stating, the publick

Accounts of the Kingdom. And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Ordered, That Mr. Annesleydo carry the Bill to the Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto. __________

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for finishing, adorning, and securing, the Cathedral Church of Paul's.

Jovis, 21 die Januarii; Anno primo Annae Regina. Prayers.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are to prepare, and bring in, the Bill, to enable the Trustees, during the Continuance of the Powers vested in them, to make an Apportionment of the several Quit-rents, Crown-rents, and Composition-rents, charged upon the forfeited Estates in Ireland, so as the said Rents be sufficiently secured to be duly answered, that they do make Provision therein, for the preventing all Doubts, in taking Debentures for the said forfeited Estates.

The House being informed, that the Two Trustees, who are in Town, for the said forfeited Estates, attended, according to Order;

Ordered, That the said Trustees be discharged of Attendance, till further Order.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for raising the Militia of this Kingdom, for the Year 1703, notwithstanding the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid.

The House (according to Order) proceeded to take into Vox.. 14.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Wayfoort's, for naturalizing Nicholas Wayfoort and Jacob San- Nat-dcrfelt, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Caldecott' for raising One thousand Five hundred Pounds, by Mort- Estate, gage of Lands in the County of Dorset, for Payment of Debts, and for a further Provision and Maintenance for the younger Children of Philip Caldecott Esquire, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Edoti, Mr. Colchester, Mr. Gauntlet, Mr. Couper, Mr.

Eyres, Mr. Fagg, Sir John Kay, Mr. Gwyn, Sir Wm.

Hustler, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Comyns, Mr. Gee, Mr. Renda, Major-general Erie, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Topham, Mr. Bingham, Mr. Smithson, Mr. Nevill, Sir Matth. Dudley, Mr. Lee, Mr. Blofield, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Bruce, Mr.

Dolben, Mr. Woollaston, Mr. Diyden, Mr. Ogle, Sir Dudley Cullum, Mr. Pigot, Mr. Burridge, Mr. Henley,

Mr. Harvey, Mr. King, Sir Fran. Massam, Mr. Crosse,

Sir Rush. Cullen, Mr. England;and all, that serve for the Counties of Dorset, Wilts, Somerset, and

Southampton:

VtMiy s Estate

Lone's

Estate.

Hodson's

Estate

Cowper's

Estate.

Accessaries to Felonies, kc.

124.

210 Januarii.

A. 1702.

Southampton :And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of divers Lands in the County of and

Kingdom of Ireland (being the Estate of

Vesey, Esquire, and his Two Daughters, Ann and Henrietta Vesey) for the paying ot Debts, and clearing Incumbrances, charged thereon; and also for impowering the said Agmondisham Vesey to make Leases, for any Term, not exceeding One-and-twenty Years} was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord

ningsby, Sir Matth. Dudley, Mr. Mr. Ogle, Mr.

Dolben, Mr. Blofield, Mr. Snell, Mr. Mr. Swift

Mr. Pigot, Mr. Wilde, Mr. Gery, Mr. Annesley, Sir John Kay, Mr. Eyres, Mr. Cmpton, Mr.

Mr. Nevill, Sir Robert Edon, Mr. Fagg, Sir Fra.

sam, Sir Rich. OnsUno, Sir Edw. Hussey, Sir JVm. Hustler, Mr. Gerey:And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better Execution of the Will of John Lone, Esquire, deceased, and for Sale of Part of his Estate, to pay his Debts and Legacies, for preserving the Residue thereof, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. tague, Sir Cha. Barrington, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. King, Mr. Harcourt, Mr. Pit, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Gery, Mr.

Mr. Gape, Sir Fra. Windham, Mr. Colchester, Mr. Thompson, Mr. St. John, Sir John Kay, Mr. Topham, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Lee, Sir Fra. Mr. Gee,

Mr. Hayes, Mr. Compton, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Clark; and all, that serve for the County of Middlesex, and City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, of Toby Hodson, the elder, Esquire, a Lunatick, in Trustees, for Payment of his Debts, and making Provision for himself, his Wife, and only Son, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Kay, Sir Robert Edon, Sir Matth. Dudley, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Gape, Mr. Halford, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Bingham, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Gee, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Colchester, Mr. Annesley, Sir John Wynn, Lord Coning

Mr. Bruce, Sir Fra. Molineux, Mr. Naylor; and all, that serve for the Counties of York and Lincolne: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir William Hustler reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the vesting of the several Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Essex, late belonging to John Cowper, Gentleman, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for better Payment of his Debts, and Legacies, charged thereon, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations in the Bill, and found the same tabe true; and that they had heard the Petitioners against the Bill; and that the Parties concerned bad given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

An ingrossed Bill, for the more effectual Punishment of Accessaries to Felonies, and Receivers of stolen Goods, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for punishing of Accessaries to Felonies, and

Receivers of stolen Goods; and to prevent the wilful burning and destroying of Ships.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill, to explain several Clauses in Two Linen called Acts, one made in the 7th, and the other in the 8th, Borelaps. Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, relating to a certain Sort of Linen Cloth, called Borelaps, and to the double Duty on Irish Linen, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for explaining of a Clause in one Act, made in the 7th Year of his late Majesty's Reign, relating to Borelaps; and to take off the additional Subsidy upon Irish Linen.

Ordered, That Mr. Gwyn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Comyns reported from the Committee, to whom Woodford the Bill, for the better repairing and amending the High- Road , ways, from the North End of Thonrwood Common, to Woodford, in the County of Essex, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of Samuel Hunt, Carpenter, John Chaplain, Resumption Joyner, William Oram, Plaisterer, George Backhouse, of Grants. Glazier, Edward Salsbury, and Joshua Lynnet, Executors

of Thomas Martyr, Painter, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners performed several Works, towards building divers Houses in Porter's Street, and Litchfield Street, in St.

Anns Parish, Westminster, for Mr. Tho. Price, Goldsmith, to 800l. Value: That he was found indebted to the late King James the 2d; and the said Houses being seized into the King's Hands, the Petitioners applied to the then Commissioners of the Treasury, who declared, it w-as just, that the Petitioners should be paid: That afterwards his late Majesty granted the whole extended Estate of Price to Ralph Cook, Esquire, in Trust for the Countess of Orkney; and, upon the Petitioners Application, Cook conveyed to them Three of the said Houses, towards Satisfaction of their said 800l. Debt: And praying, that the Bill, for resuming all such Grants, as are therein mentioned, may not prejudice the Petitioner's Title to the said Three Houses.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

An ingrossed Bill, for the incorporating certain Persons, Gloucester for the better providing for, and setting at Work, the Poor Poor-in the City of Gloucester, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, do pass; and that the Title be.

An Act for the incorporating certain Persons, for the better providing for, and setting at Work, the Poor in the City of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Sir Humphry Mackworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. How reported to the House, that he having pre- Answer t sented their humble Address to her Majesty (That she will Address, be graciously pleased to concert Measures, for the furnishing her Majesty's Forces, in Holland, and Flanders, as far as 'tis possible, with the Manufactures, Corn, and other Produce of England) her Majesty was pleased to give this gracious Answer; viz.

A S I have hitherto made it my Care, in every thing to advance the Interests of my English Subjects, I

shall

r Ann. 210 — 2a0 125

shall continue to do it, by complying with this Address,

as far as it may be possible.

Coal Trade. Resolved., That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for encouraging the Navigation, with respect to the Coal-trade.

Running of Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom-Brandy. ing next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for the encouraging the Consumption of malted Com, and for preventing the Frauds in running French Brandy.

Oath of The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a

Abjuration. Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for cn- larging the Time for taking the Oath of Abjuration, and also for recapacitating and indemnifying such Persons, as have not taken the same by the Time, and shall take the same by a Time to be, appointed.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Matthew Dudley took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Matthew Dudley reported from the said Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Saturday Morning next

A Message from the Lords, by Sir and Mr. Rose's:

o

Mr. Speaker,

Brograve's The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Estate. vest divers Lands and Tenements of Sir Tho.

Baronet, in the County of Hertford, in Trustees, to be sold, and to settle other Lands and Tenements in Lieu thereof; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Alessengers withdrew.

Punishing The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Mutiny and Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for punish-besertion. ing Officers, or Soldiers, who shall mutiny, or desert her Majesty's Service, and for punishing false Alusters, and for better Payment of Quarters.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bridges took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bridges reported from the said Committee, that they had made some Progress in the Bill, and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Alom-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Alorning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 22 die fanuarii;

Anno primo Annae Regina.

Praters.

Resumption \ PETITION of Elizabeth Hamilton, Widow, was uf Grants. f\_ presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that

his late Majesty King by Letters Patents, of the 3d July, in the 5th Year of his Reign, did demise to the Petitioner, at the usual Rent, for 99 Years, about Two Acres of Land, with some old ruinous Houses and Stables thereon, being near Hyde-Park, and which were formerly demised by King Charles the 2d to the Petitioner's late Husband, who was Groom of the Bedchamber, for his good Services: That the said Premises were so ruinous, that little or no Benefit could be made thereof; that therefore his Majesty granted the Petitioner a long Lease, to encourage her to build on, and improve, the same; and since that, the Petitioner, and her Vol. 14.

Tenants, have laid out out above 600l. thereon, and still continue to make further Improvements, whereby the Rents to the Crown will, at the Expiration of the said Term, be very much augmented: And praying, that she may be heard by her Counsel, or have a saving Clause inserted in the Bill, for resuming such Grants, as are therein mentioned.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the s id Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of John Caryll, Esquire, was presented to Resumption the House, and read; setting forth, that John Caryll, the of Grants. Petitioner's Uncle, was only Tenant for Life, without Impeachment of Waste, of the Manor of West Harting, and Hundred of Dumford, in Sussex, and went into France with the late King James's Queen, in her Service, where he hath ever since continued; and by virtue of a Commission, dated in May, 1695, and Inquisition thereupon, all his real and personal Estate, as outlawed for Treason, was seized into the King's Hands, as forfeited; and John was thereby found seised in Fee, not only of the said Manor, and Hundred, but of several other Estates, which were, long before his Outlawry, vested in the Petitioner:

That his said late Majesty, in Recompence of the Services of a Person of Honour, did grant him all the said Estates; who got Possession of some Part thereof, and endeavoured to evict the Petitioner out of the Residue; but the Petitioner's Title standing good to those Lands, some Overtures were made to the Petitioner, for purchasing the Grantee's Interest; and accordingly paid 6,000l. for the same, to prevent destruction to an Estate, that had for many Ages been in his Family: And praying, that a Clause, for the Petitioner's Relief, may be inserted in the Bill, for resuming such Grants, as are therein mentioned.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Lewis Maidwell, Esquire, was presented Ditto, to the House, and read; setting forth, that, in the last Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William, the Petitioner obtained a Charter, to establish for ever a ‘ publick School, for the free Education and Maintenance of 40-Scholars, Sons of Gentlemen, by the Name of the Royal School, in the Petitioner's House, with other Privileges in the Charter mentioned; to advance which publick Good, the Petitioner gives a large Brick House, with spacious Ground, and Out-houses, which cost him above 2,000l. building, with an Estate of 300l. per Annum, after the Petitioner's Death; and he has found out a second Support, to complete the full Design of the said School, without any Charge or Prejudice whatsoever, which has been approved by a Committee of this House; and the said Charter, and Design, was laid before her present Majesty, who referred it to the Archbishop of Canterbury, and he has made his Report thereupon; but , the Petitioner is advised, that the Bill, in the House, for resuming such Grants, as are therein mentioned, will affect the Grant, under which the Petitioner claims the Estate, on which he has built the House for the Uses aforesaid: And praying, Clause may be inserted in the said Bill, touching the Premises aforesaid, or that he may be heard thereunto.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Hugh Pen fold, Gentleman, Stur- Ditto. geon. Gentleman, and Elizab. his Wife, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that John Caryll,

Esquire, being outlawed for High Treason, King William, by Letters Patent, of 2961 July, 8° Regni, did, to recompence the Services of the Lord Cutts, grant to him, in Fee, (inter alia) Lands, and a Farm, called Lyon's Farm, and also the Rectory of Sampling, lying in the.Parishes of Sompting and Broadwater, in Sussex; and

I i the

Resumption of Gouts/

Leave of Absence.

Exeter Free Port.

Disfranchising Hindon Borough.

Qualification of Members.

Stower, &c. Navigation.

126

22" Jamarii.

A.

1702.

the Lord Cutts, for above 1,500l. actually paid by the Petitioners, did convey the said Farm to the Petitioner Penford, and his Heirs, and the said Rectory to the Petitioner Sturgeon, which is settled upon his Wife, and her Issue (being Four) the same being purchased with her Portion: And praying, that a Clause, for the Petitioner's Relief, may be inserted in the Kill depending in the House, for resuming such Grants, as are therein mentioned.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Elizabeth DWidow, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that Sir

Wm. Pukeney, deceased, being entitled to certain Lands

in St. Martin's in the Fields, by a Grant from King Charles the 2d, did let out the same, to be built upon; and, by his last Will, directed all his Leasehold Estate to be sold; and made Sir Tho. and Henry Guy,

Esquire, Trustees, who purchased of their late Majesties a further Term of Ninety-nine Years; and afterwards an Act of Parliament passed, in the 10th and 1 ith Years of his late Majesty, for confirming the several Purchases from the Crown, and giving Power to the Trustees to make Sale of the Premises; under which Title the Petitioner is become a Purchaser of Part of the said Premises, for a valuable Consideration, having borrowed most of the Purchase-money, being unwilling to lose the Benefit of a common Conveniency, which cost the Petitioner great Charges, for a Dwelling-place, where she has lived for above 20 years; and if the same should be taken from her by the Bill, for resuming such Grants, as are therein mentioned, it will be her utter Ruin: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered \That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Miller have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for the making the City of Exeter a free Port, for the importing Wool from Ireland;and that Mr. Hicks and Mr. Snell do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

to vest divers Lands and Tenements of Sir Tho. Brogrm.e'

Baronet, in the County of Hertford, in Trustees, to be E»t te. sold, and to settle other Lands and Tenements in lieu thereof, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Fa«e'» to enable the surviving Trustees and Executors of the last E taw-Will and Testament of Thomas Fane, Esquire, deceased, to pay an Annuity unto Mildmay Fane, Esquire, for his Maintenance and Education, until lie shall attain his Age of One-and-twenty Years, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Math.

Dudley, Sir William Drake, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Wharton, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Freeman, Sir Tho.

Littleton, Mr. Blofield, Mr. Crosse, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Varney, Mr. England, Sir Cha. Blois, Mr. Halsey, Mr.

Pitt, Mr. Pemberton, Mr. Tuck, Mr. Mr. Lee,

Mr. Topham, Earl of Dyscrt, Mr. and all,

that serve for the Cotinties of Kent, Sussex, and the Cint/ue Ports': And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill, for preventing Frauds in her Majesty's Duties Fraud in upon stampt'Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and for Stamp remedying some Defects in the Acts, relating to the said Duties, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Lcgard, and Mr. Rogers:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill; for granting a Supply to her Majesty, by several Duties Malt Dutie . imposed upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, without Amendments:

And also, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable John Ardern Arderne, Esquire, to pay his Father's Debts, and make Estate. Provision for his Brothers and Sister, with an Amendment; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Lincotn whole House, to whom the Bill, for the disfranchising the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts, was the electing a Knight of the Shire, to serve in this present committed, be made Tomorrow Morning. Parliament for the County of Lincolne, in the room of the Honourable Charles Dimock, Esquire, deceased.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole A Petition of Thomas Duke of Leeds was presented to Resumption House, upon the Bill, for the more free and impartial the House, and read; setting forth, that the late King Proceedings in Parliament, by providing, that no Persons William and Queen Alary, by Letters Patents, dated the shall be chosen Members of the House of Commons, but 8th of August, in the 3d Year of their Reign, in Consi-such, as have sufficient real Estates. deration of the Petitioner's particular Services, in rela-

tion to their Marriage, and their Entrance into this King-A Petition of the Right Honourable Edward Lord dom, did grant the Petitioner the yearly Sum of 3,500l.

Dudley and Ward, an Infant, by the Honourable Wm.payable out of the Post-office, for 21 Years; which Con-Ward, Esquire, and William Dilke, Gentleman, his siderations were in Fact true, and were a general Benefit Guardians and Trustees, was presented to the House, and to this Realm: And praying, that the said Grant may read; setting forth, that the Petitioner hath been lately be excepted in the Bill, for resuming such Grants as are informed of a Bill, brought into the House, for the better therein mentioned; or otherwise relieved, as the House putting in Execution an Act, made formerly, for making shall think fit.

navigable the Rivers of Stower and Salverpe, in the Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be Counties of Worcester and Stafford; which Bill, if the referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom same should pass into a Law, will very much prejudice the said Bill is committed, the Petitioners Coal-works, and other his Inheritance and

Property: And praying, that he may be heard, by his A Petition of Esquire, was'presented to Ditto.

Counsel, against the said Bill, before the same do pass. the House, and read; setting forth, that in 1690 the Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition Petitioner entered into a Co-partnership with Sir John be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is Friend, for carrying on the Brewing-trade at the Phoenix committed; and that the Petitioner be heard before the Brewhouse without for 7 Years; and in 1694

said Committee, by his Counsel, thereupon. they took into Partnership Mr. Daniel Neal, who had but

one Sixteenth Part, Sir John Friend Shares, and the An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Petitioner the other 7f Shares; and in 1695, Sir John

1»

i Ann.

2 2° — 23° Januarii. 127

Friendbeing attainted of High Treason, his Shares were forfeited to the Crown; and a Doubt arising, whether the whole Stock was not forfeited; the Petitioner obtained, from his late Majesty, a Continuation of his Right to the said Premises, by Letters Patents, dated the 14 of June 170&; but is advised, that his Title may be drawn in Question, if the Bill, for resuming such Grants, as are therein mentioned, should pass into a Law: And praying, that his Right in the said Premises may be saved to him, by a Clause to be inserted in the said bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said . Bill is Committed.

Resumption A Petition of WillUm de Nassau Lord Tunbridge, Son of Grant and Heir apparent of Wm. Earl of Rochford, on the behalf

of the said Earl, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the late King and Queen Mary

did grant unto the said Earl an Estate, forfeited to the Crown by the Attainder of the late Marquis of Baucis; whereof the said Earl hath but little Advantage as yet, he having been at great Charges about the same: That the Petitioners Grandfather and Father have rendered the Crown of England many faithful Services, particularly King Charles the Second, and the rest of the Royal Family, in their Exile, whom his Grandfather entertained at his own Cost, till they were compelled to leave the Country; and the Petitioner hath not been wanting, in shewing his Zeal for her present Majesty's Service: That his said Father is beyond Sea, and disabled, by Sickness, to come for England: And praying, that the Kill, depending in the House, for resuming such Grants as are therein mentioned, may not prejudice the said Earl's Grant

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Publick The House proceeded (according to Order) to take

Accounts. into Consideration the Observations of the Commissioners, for taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, presented to the House on Monday last

And the same were read.

And a Petition of the Commissioners of her Majesty's Customs was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Censure of this House is (in the Petitioners Opinion) one of the greatest Misfortunes, that can befal a Subject of England; and they could not foresee, that, the Account, delivered in to the last Parliament, the 21 Febr. 1701, would have been a Subject for censuring their Management, they never having beenexamiued concerning any Article thereof; and though the Petitioners had many just Objections to that Account (as may appear in their Case, annexed to the Petition) yet they were unwilling to interrupt the publick Business with any thing, relating to themselves: That the Petitioners are informed, there are other Observations, now offered to the House, concerning their Management: And praying, that they may have a Copy of the same, not doubting, but that in any Time (with regard to the Length of the Papers) they shall be able to give such Answer to every Article, as may entirely satisfy the House therein.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs have a Copy of those Parts of the said Observations, which relate to them; and that they do give in their Answer thereunto upon Monday Morning next

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next take into Consideration the Observations, relating to the Commissioners of the Customs.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do attend this House upon Morning next.

A Petition of Nathaniel Senior being presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that in June last the Petitioner preferred his Petition, annexed to this, to the Commissioners for taking the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, relating to a clandestine Trade, during the late War with France, and the Opposition, the Petitioner Vo l. 1A.

hath met with, in prosecuting the Offenders, from the Commissioners and Officers of the Customs; which, the Petitioner conceives, he not only fully proved, but also many other Instances of Mismanagement of the Commissioners of the Customs, and corrupt Practices between several of their Officers, and unfair Traders, tending greatly to the Diminution of the Customs, the Discouragement of the fair Traders, and Breach of several Acts of Parliament; that the Petitioner hath been at great Charges and Trouble, by the Opposition of so great a Body of Merchants, as are concerned in the said Trade, and from the Commissioners and Officers of the Customs, in his Prosecution of the Offenders; whereby he is greatly discouraged from any further Proceeding in the Exchequer, and will be remediless therein, as he conceives, unless the House will interpose, for his Encouragement and Protection; and praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises, and such Relief therein, as shall be thought meet;

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs have a Copy of the said Petition; and that they do give in their Answer thereunto, upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Nathaniel Senior do attend this House upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Earl of Ranelagh do attend tins £arl stann-House, in his Place, Tomorrow Mooting. lagb to

Resolved, That the Consideration of that Part of the attend' said Observations, which relates to the Earl of,

be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Then the House proceeded to take into Consideration the said Observations, Paragraph by Paragraph,

And the Two first Observations being read;

Ordered, That the Commissioners, for taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, do further examine the Auditors and other Officers of the Exchequer, relating to the passing of the Accounts for the publick Money, and lay before this House, what they shall find to be the Cause, that the Accounts are not annually and fully passed, according to the Laws in that Case, and through whose Fault it happened.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for punishing Officers, or Soldiers, who shall mutiny, or desert her Majesty's Service, and for punishing false Musters, and for better Payment of Quarters, is committed, that they-do make Provision, for the making out the voluntary Charge of the Paymaster of the Army, before his Accounts do pass; and that Mr. Lowndes do prepare a Clause for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Observations be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Mom- st. Paul' ing next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Com- Cathedral, mittee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for finishing, adorning, and securing, the Cathedral Church of St. Paul's.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Ra-lting tht ing next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Com- Militia, mittee of the whole House, Upon the Bill, for raising the Militia of this Kingdom, for the Year 1703, notwithstanding the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Commtue *

And then the House adjourned till -To-morrow

Morning, N ine a Clock.

Sabbatiy 23 die Januarii;'

Anno primo Annas Regina:.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Fowler' for confirming and establishing a Partition, made by Est"u' Sir Edmund Fowler, Knight, and Dame Ann, his Wife,

and

Woodford

Hoads."

Hesnmption of Grants.

Leave of Absence.

Savoy

Revenues.

Goddard's

Estate.

Cham Navigation.

128

230 Januarii. A. 170

and- ElizabethBuggin, Widow, of certain Manors anb Lands in the County of Kent, in the Year 1034, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Roba't {Edon, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Dolben, Mr. James, Sir Edward

Turner, Mr Annesley, Lord CMr. Mr.

.Masters, Sir Cha.Turner, Sir Owen, Sir John

Kay, Sir John Mordant, Sir Mr. Gaunt-

let, Mr. England, Mr. Blo/ield, Mr. Conyers, Sir Davall, Mr. Foley, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Cow, Mr. Halsey, Mr Shackerly, Mf. Bertie, Mr. Pitt, Sir Math. Dudley, Mr. lVilde, Mr. Crosse, Sir Tho. Cooke, Mr. Drake, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Pigott, Mr. Eyres, Mr. Bence; and all, that serve for the Counties of Kent, Sussex, and the Cinque Ports; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

An ingrossed Bill, for the better repairing and amending the Highways, from the North End of Thormvood Common, to If oodjord, in the County of Essex, was read the Third time.

f Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for the better repairing and amending the Highways, from the North End of Thormvood Common, to Woodjord,in the County of Essex.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Petition of Richard Lord Viscount Lonsdale, by Katherine Lady Viscountess Lonsdale, his Guardian, was ipiesented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Barony of Kendall was granted by the late King William to the Lord Fit.zharding,who afterwards sold the same

to the Petitioner's Father, for above 3,000l. And praying, that the Petitioner's Right thereto may be saved in the Bill, now depending in the House, for resuming such Grants, as are therein mentioned,

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Cage have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions. '

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to enable her Majesty to settle the Lands and Revenues of the late dissolved Ilospital of the Savoy, to such other charitable and publick Uses, as her Majesty shall think lit; and that Mr. Secretary and Mr. Annesley do

prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

" Sessions, and 12 Justices of the Peace, or the Majority " of them, and the Mayor and Aldermen of Cambridge,

" or Majority of them, at an Assembly for that Purpose,

" may change such Collector, and alter or vacate such " Orders, as aforesaid."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Pickering do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Sir George Beaumont reported from the Committee, to Brampton whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Exchange Act, concerning the Exchange of certain Lands, lying of Land , in or near Brampton, in the County of Northampton, for Lands, lying in or near Wickham, in the County of Lincolne, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, w itliout any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Sudbury Writ, the Clerk of the Crow n, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of in the room of Joseph Haskenstyles, Esquire, whose Election hath been declared void.

Mr. Hicks reported from the Committee, to whom the Ease of Bill, for the Ease of Sheriffs, in the executing their Office, Shen,s and passing their Accounts, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which lie read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed nnto by the House.

A Clause was offered to he added to the Bill, That Sheriffs, and their Officers, Fees, for the Execution of Writs of Habere facias possessionem, a lit shall be, as. in the Clause, under a Penalty.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act1 Ordered, That Mr. York have Leave to go into the Leave of for the better settling the real and personal Estate of John Country, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

Goddard, Esquire, deceased, to and for the Benefit of John

Goddard, his Son, and Maiy Goddard, his Daughter, In-' A Petition of Dame Jane, the Widow and Relict of Resumption, fruits, during their Minority, was read the Third time. Sir John Salisbury, late of Lewcny, in the County of 01 Granu.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass. Denbigh, Baronet, deceased, and of Sir Arthur Owen,

Ordered, That Sir William Drake do carry the Bill to of Oriclton, in the County of Pembroke, Baronet, the the Lords and acquaint them, that 'this House hath Heirs at Law of Sir William Williams, late of Veynole, agreed to the same, without any Amendments. in the County of Carnarvon, Baronet, deceased, was

presented to the I louse, and read; setting forth, that the The House proceeded to take into Consideration the said Sir William Williams died seised of an Estate of about Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, 2,5001, per Annum, and a little before his Death, by An Act for making the River Cham, alias Grant, in the Conveyance, or Will, disinherited the Petitioners, by County of Cambridge, more navigable from Clayhithe indirect Practices, and without any Cause, and gave his Ferry, to the Queen's Mill in the University and Town of Estate to Sir JVray's Family, and the Reversion

Cambridge. to his late Majesty, chargeable with a Rent Charge, of

And the same were read, and are, as follow'; vis. 540/. per Annum, to and his Heirs;

Skin 1st, L. 28. For " Lord," read " Lords." and the; Petitioners are informed, that his late Majesty

8. L. 28. For " Chaldon," read " Chaldron." hath granted the said Reversion to John Gore, Esquire,

17. L. 37. For " of," read " for." and his Heirs: And praying, that the Bill, in the House,

After the Rider add Clause A; " That, for the speedy for resuming such Grants, as are therein mentioned, may " putting the Act in Execution, the Conservators, or not vest the said Premises in her Majesty, so as to preMajority of them, may chuse a Collector of the Duties judice the Petitioner's Title thereto, or the Suits at Law,

" to be raised by the Act, and make Orders, for the and in Equity, for the same.

" detter managing this said Navigation; -but that the OrThat the Consideration of the said Petition " Chancellor of the University, and 12 of the Heads, be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to " or the Majority of them, with the Chairman of the whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr.

i Ann.

«3° Januarii.

Augmenting Mr. CoAe (according to Order) presented to the House small Vicar- g Bill, for the Augmentation of small Vicarages; and * ' the same was received.

Army Debts. A Bill, for reviving and continuing the Act, for appointing Commissioners, to take, examine, and determine, the Debts, due to the Army, Navy, and for Transport-service, and also an Account of the Prizes, taken during the late War, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Disfranchi- Mr. Harley (according to Order) reported from the ting Hindou Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for Borough. the disfranchising the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts,was committed, the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, which they bad directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks.Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Freeholders within the Hundred of Dawnton, in the County of Wilts,shall have a Right to vote for Parliament-

men, to serve for the Borough of Hindon, together with the present Electors.

And the same was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That no Person, who, by virtue of any Burgage, or Freehold Lands, has a Right to vote for a Burgess for Tkfwntm, shall, by virtue of such Burgage, or Freehold, Lands, be entitled to vote for a Burgess for Hindon.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks were filled up; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingressed.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Franklin, and Sir John Hoskins:

Mr. Speaker,

St Martin The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act in the Fields for the better improving a certain Piece of Ground in Estate. the Parish of St.Martins in the Fields, for the Use of the Poor, and for other the Purposes, therein mentioned, without any Amendments;

Erie In- Also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act tercet in Bank to enable the Executors and Trustees of Sir Charles Stoclu Raleigh to transfer to Thomas Erie, Esquire, Eight hundred Pounds Capital Stock in the Bank of England, in order for Payment of the just Debts of the said Thomas Erie', to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

Butler's And also, a Bill, intituled, An Act for setting aside a

Estate. Settlement, in order that William Butler may have a good Conveyance of Lands from Raphael Whistler, according to Articles agreed on; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then file Messengers withdrew.

Corporation, who, before a certain Time, was chosen in the room of any Person, who neglected to take the said Oath in time.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up to the Table;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,)"r; I1 *

Teller, for the No«||fr g./(cr

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Clause was brought up, and once read.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, on the Behalf of the Vicar of Arkley,in the County of York.

And the same was once read, and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn-

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,

That it shall not extend to restore any Parson, or Vicar, whose Living was void by either of the recited Acts, and who had not preached, or read Prayers, in some Church or Chapel, within a certain Time.

And the same was once read.

And the Question being put; That the Clause be read a Scond time;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, 4ie ingrossed.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fort- P°of night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for the better Provision for, and settling, the Poor, in Places extraparochial.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- Resumption, ingnext, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Grants. House, upon the Bill, for resuming such Grants, as are therein mentioned.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Mom- Punishing ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Mutiny and House, upon the Bill, for punishing Officers, or Soldiers, Desertion, who shall mutiny, or desert her Majesty's Service, and for punishing false Musters, and for better Payment of Quarters.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, that he had this Mr. Speaker Morning, as be came to the House, received a Letter communi-from the Earl of Ranelagh, that he is so ill of a feverish 'atei

Cold, that he is not able to stir abroad Today; but Ranelagh. that he hopes, by Monday next to be able to obey the Order of the House.

Ordered, That the Earl of Ranelagh do attend this House, in his Place, upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Observations of the Commissioners, for taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, be adjourned till Monday Morning next, Eleven a Clock.

Oath of Sir Matthew Dudley (according to Order) reported

Abjuration, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for enlarging the Time for taking the Oath of Abjuration, and also for recapacitating and indemnifying sach Persons, as have not taken the same by the Time, and shall take the same by a Time to be, appointed, was committed, the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by -one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be abided to the Bill, That " the same shall not extend to displace any Member of any Vol. 14.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

Ordered, That Sir Arth. Orocn, Mr. Geo. Bridges, Sir Stower, Ac. Edw. Norreys, Lord Pou-let, Mr. , Mr. Walpole, Navigation. Mr. Yates, Sir Jos.Tredenham, Mr. North, Sir Mackworth, Mr. Jolliffe, Mr. Oglethorp, Mr. Lairne, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill, for putting in Execution a former Act, for making navigable the Rivers Sterner and Salwerp, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock;

Kk

Chancery-lane and Lincoln's Inn Fields.

Erie's Interest in hank Stock.

i.3°

a 50 Januarii.

A. 1702.

Lima, 25® die Januarii;

Anno prim Annas Regina.

Prayers.

SI R Richard Onslow reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill, for the better collecting the Duties, granted for making the Way out of Chancery-lane into Lincoln's-Inn-Fields, and for determining the said Duties, when the Parties concerned are paid, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon (with some Amendments to some of them) agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Charges of prosecuting and passing the Act, shall be paid out of the first Money raised thereby.

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill. Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Executors and Trustees of Sir Charles Raleigh to transfer to Thomas , Esquire, Eight hundred Pounds, Capital Stock in the Bank of England, in order for the Payment of the just Debts of the said Tko. Erie, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act CutlerV for setting aside a Settlement, in order that William Butler may have a good Conveyance of Lands from Raphael Whistler, according to Articles agreed on, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Stanhope, and Mr. Ilarpur, have Leave for Leave to attend the Lords, in relation to a Bill depending Members to there, if they think fit. ,atVsnd Lrtrda-

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Regard, and Sir Richard Holj'ord:

Mr. Speaker,

Hie Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better preventing Escapes out of the Queen's Bench And Fleet Prisons, with some Amendments; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Queen's Bench and Fleet Prisons.

The House (according to Order) proceeded in the Publick further Consideration of the Observations of the Com- Account , missioners, for taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom.

And the Third Paragraph of the said Observations being read;

Mr. Bridges, one of the said Commissioners, presented to the House, an Account of the Loans, and Payments, on the Votes of this House in February, 1700.

And tire same was read, and is, as followeth; viz.

Loans on the Votes of the House of Commons. Dr. Per

Cr.

To Loans, made by divers Persons; viz. In the Week Ending —

21 Feb. 1700-1 £ 200 s. 0 d. 0

28 - - - 24,496 12 2

7 March 106,814 6 0

14 - - - 67,640 >7 O

21 - - - 59,120 33,467 17 8

28 - - - 18

4 Apr. 1701 29,439 12 to

11 - - - 130,288 6 4

19 - - - 106,867 »9 9

25 - 3,896 0 0

2 May - - 40,183 0 0

0 - - - 66,251 16 5

16 - - - 17,230 0 0

23 - - - »i,384 >9 0

30 - - - 2,193 0 0

6 June - - 490 0 0

699,965 5 4

27th, on § - 57,539 0 0

D on -f 147,817 15 if

By Payments to — Sir Tho. Littleton: Earl of Ranelagh.

7 th March 1700-1 14 -21 -

28 - - 1701

4 April -11 - -

19 -

9 May -16 -

23 -30 -6 June -

Which Balance of 84,565/, $s. 3 remaining in the Exchequer the 27 June, 1701, and then transferred to the Loans of -f of the 4th 3-f. Aid, is a Demonstration, that those Tallies were struck unnecessarily.

Bromlty,

J. Bridges, Gods. Copley, T. Coke, Fr. SMI.

By Balance in the Ex-) chequer 6 June, 1701 j

By Balance in Exchequer 27 June, of -

Of T "

L

35,050

13,557

4.000 162,261

6,100

110.400 117,181

5 ,45° 5,900

3.000 1,500

5.000

515.400

142,104

>47,817

s.

o

o

o

10

o

o

8

o

0

o

o

0

c

2,374

4i,374

>]3,8i3

20,000

32,437

100,000

515,400

615,400

84,565

699,965

289,922

s. \

5°

180

ll

o

5

o 1

3

4i

6

Resolved, That the borrowing of Money, and striking Tallies, with Interest, unnecessarily, before the publick Occasions required the same, have been one Reason of the great Debt, which lies upon the Nation.

The 4th Paragraph being read;

Mr. Bridges also presented to the House, an Account of the Produce of the 25 per Ceut. on French Goods, and of the Application of the same.

And the same was read, and is, as followeth;

[0] This it tho Sum Muted in the original Account, presented to the House; but the Sum entered in the Journal is, by Mistake, only

»,3»3/. Its. 7 d.

L

g

cq'

t — h

N‘

CD

Q_

CT

o

a.

A Particular of the Payments of the Duty of 35 per, Cent, on French Goods, from the 28th of February, 1696, to the 16th of October, 1702.

Earl of RamUgb Lord P»gct S 0 1 ? ? s 1 i Bari Pirifaul Worfc r O H Nich. Bab$r t t t 1 s 1 Mr. Lcvjndtt 2 1 a: r f ? m 3 5 1 5? Mr. Ores sett Commissioners of Accounts Sir The. Littleton Trustees pro Excheq. Bills. Abstract.

>698, Mar, St 1 L /. d. 0 0 £ 3,115 X 200 £ £ £ C ' £ 2. d. £ £ /. d. ' £- £ j£ £ 2. d. £ £ £ /. d. £ £. s. jr. d. Lord Rartelagh - - - £ 45 )65 /. 12 9i

4 _ , 400 m m - - - m m - - - Lord Pagit ..... 3»I 5 0 0

6 Q - - - - m 450 s° 3 72 5 4 49® «$ Mr. Schryer - - - - Mr. Henning - - - - 200 400 0 0 0 0

21 8,300 Mr. Grannjill - 45° 0 0

1.699, April Sept, 5 7 484 IS 0 1,100 . Hampton Poor - - -E. Portland - - - 50 3»171 0 5 0 4

13 19 20 lOO Works 490 >5 2

too 0 0 20 20 v m - fr. Cornett - - - - 8,300 0 0

Or/. M9« 15 6 AT./Mrr ..... 484 5 0 i

AW. 16 Lord Bradford - - - 1,100 0 0

Dec. 4 1 400 #0. Philips - - - - 100 0 0

5 3° 18 2,000 Mr. Walker - - - - 20 0 0

1,700 Mr. Lcnvndes - - - 716 6 4f

Jan. 2,000 Mr. Morison - - - - 20 0 0

Feb. 16 800 Mr. - - - 20 0 0

4 9 22 . 500 f>. Protestants - - - 15,000 0 0

m m _ — _ - 1 700 Mr. Cressett - - - - 1,491 15 a

Mar. _ m _ «> _ m - 2,400 Commissioners Accounts 500 0 0

Oct. J 616 6 4| Sir 7 . Littleton ... 7 3>997 7

3 7.978 a.593 9,16a 2 t Trustees E cheq.BiUs 1 6,646 Ii 10

AW. 9 6 4 181\ - - - - 500 xl 1161,349 9 2

Dec. 27 11 979 18 6

l9 »>>'3 3 - - - - s

3° 3» 77 13 9i - - - 2,614 SO 10

11

Feb. 6 6,928 9 4,666 13 4

1701, Mjp 28

June 2 10,000 O O

J»b 6 17 11,107 6 7 8»47 >7 5 - -

23 i

Oct. 5 6,134 8 S

Dec. 2 5.i°S 5 7

11 10 1,961 1 4 4,61 7 4

3° 4.667 1 9

Jan. 7 0 1 0 i 8,503 19 4i

22 m . - m m «. - - - - 2,564 8 10

28 a

Feb. 5 _ _ m _ . . - - 1,785 18 Si

19 9 i

1702, Map 13 11,914 8 6

45>°6c ia gl 3.125-1 200 400 4S° s° 3.17 5 4 490 15 a 8,300 4 4 >5 ®il 1 t9ioo 100 20 716 6 4| 20 20 15,000 1,491 15 6 500 73 997 7 »i 6,646 1« lO

Z

z

HH

Us>

Publick

Accounts.

13 2 250 Jrinuarii. 1702.

The 5th Paragraph being read;

Resolved, That the applying of the publick Money to the Use of the Civil List, which was otherwise provided for, is another Cause of the great Debt, which lies upon the Nation.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Observations of the said Commissioners be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

The House being informed, that the Commissioners of the Customs attended, according to Order, they were Called in; and, at the jlar, presented to the House their Answer to such of the Observations of the Commissioners, for taking, examining, arid stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, as related to them;. and also their Answer to the Petition of Nathaniel Senior.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Answers were read.

And the said Answers were read, and are, as follow'; viz.

The Answer to the said Observations.

To the honourable the Commons, in Parliament assembled:

WITH all due Acknowledgmerit to this honourable House, for the Favour of being allowed to answer the Observations of the Commissioners of Accounts, on the Revenue under our Management, we the Commissioners of her Majesty's Customs, whose N ames are hereunto subscribed, humbly crave Leave, for the clearer Satisfaction of the House in every Article, to offer what we have to say in our Defence, Paragraph by Paragraph.

First Observation:

As to the Constitution and Management of her Majesty's Revenue of the Customs, your Commissioners observe, that, tho' the Cash Account of the Customs is yearly passed, the general Accounts are far behind; which, in their Opinion, is chiefly to be imputed to toe great Re-missriess of some of the Examiners, in not giving due Dispatch to the Examination and Comptrolof the several Accounts of the Out-ports, as well as the Inability of others for the discharging that Trust To toe First Article, Concerning the general Account: ist, That the general Cash Account of the Customs is made up to Christmas, 1702; which is nearer by Three Months, than ever it was, or could be, done, till some of the present Commissioners proposed, in their A. Presentment of the 30th of November, 1697 (a Copy whefeof is hereunto annexed) a Regulation of the Method»the Receivers-general were in before that Time, of making double Certificates, for many Weeks together, at the Close of every Year; and that the general £ross Account is made up to Christmas, 1699; which is as near, as it used to be fdrriieHy, when it did not require One-third of the Examination, that it does now, by the Multiplicity of Duties, whereof the Receiver-general keeps 31 Accounts: That there are about 70 Collectors Books of the Out-ports, to examine for every Quarter; and that, great Precipitation, in a Matter of so much Difficulty, as is the present Computation of the several Duties at the Custom-house, with the different Discounts, and Allowances, would not be for the Service of the Revenue; and yet it is certified to us, upon Enquiry, that the Four present Examiners have carried in their Books to the Comptroller-general, to Midsummer last, excepting only of Two or 1 hree Ports, where, by the Death of the Collectors, the Books have happened not to be yet sent up in due Form: So that we find no Reason to complain of the Remissness of these Officers, or to doubt of their Submission to the Authority of the Board; and, as to their Ability; Two of them have been above 12 Years in the Service; and, for the other Two, though we can't say, they have equal Experience, we hope, they may attain to a better Dispatch, by their Diligence. The repeated Orders of this Board to the Collectors, to send up their Quarter Bodks, and other Accounts, and to the Examiners, to dispatch their Observations upon them, as well as to all the other Officers under our Direction,

whose llemissneSs has been taken Notice of in any of toese Articles, must have been ob<1oiiS to these Gentlemen, from our Minute Books, which were before them.

Second Observation:

That the Charges of the Management, which amounts to a very great Sum per Annum, are chiefly borne by the Duty of Customs for Deficiencies; whereas clivers Acts, granting the other Impositions, direct, that they shall also bear their Proportion.

2. As to the Second Article, concerning the Charge of the Management:

The old Establishment of Officers, and ordinary Incidents, continue to be paid out of the Customs, as the more certain Revenue; but where it has been necessary to set up new Officers, on Occasion of any of the additional Duties, the Charge of such new Officers has been paid out of the respective Duties (as Debentures and Allowances always are) which is as much as, we humbly presume, was intended by the several Acts; where we find the additional Charge, necessary for Management of such Duties, generally excepted out, of tire Appropriations: But the Word Proportion, as it is mentioned in this Article, does not occur to ns in that Part of any of the said Acts of Parliament; besides, that tire making the several Funds bear the Salaries, and other incident Payments, in Proportion to the Produce of them (though perhaps tis barely possible to be done, by a retrospective Account, yet) would be a Work of great Trouble, and no manner of Use, now the principal Duties are all united into one common Fund. And the Commissioners w ere 60 far from apprehending themselves liable to any Imputations, upon their Management in this Particular, that they thought it might be a proper Evidence of their good Service, to represent very lately, in another Places that, although the Revenue had increased from about 500,009/. to 1.640,000l. per Annum, for each of the Two last Years of the Peace, by the several additional Duties, which have been put under the Management of this Board, and although in most of the Acts, granting such Duties, there have been Clauses of Allowances for Management, yet we have not charged the Publick with 500l. a Year for all the Duties together, excepting only in the Coal Duty (wherein Meters are appointed by Law) fqr the 15 per Cent, (which being according to the Value, by toe Candle, requires a distinct Management, and at a Distance from the Custom-house) and besides some Allowances to the Clerks, necessary to be added to the ReCeivefr-general, for the great Increase of Business in that Office.

Third Observation:

That there has not been due Care taken in the discharging of Debentures; in particular, your Commissioners find, that, till about toe Year 1697, the Debentures, due upon the Silk, were paid out of the Duties of Customs, to the great lessening the Revenue arising from thence; and, consequently, very much to the Prejudice of those, wiio were entitled to the Produce of it.

To the 3d Article we answer; That, by the special Care of some of the present Commissioners (though after a very Fong Struggle) the Number of Parchments, on which Debentures are made out, have been reduced above orie Half of what they were before; for, whereas there were Four Debentures, formerly, for the same Quantity of Tobacco, there are now but Two; and for that, aa also for other Goods, where the Duties are all paid, but One; except for the 15 [a] per Cent. So that, though the Merchant has better Dispatch, and it is at less Charge, than formerly; yet the several Officers have more Time to examine, and compare with the Entries in their Books, that the Debentures are fight. And w'e crave I eave to appeal to all the fair Merchants of England, whether the Officer, w'ho has had for some Years past, the Charge of examining Debentures, has not been more exact for the Interest of the Revenue, and yet given them better Satisfaction in their Dispatch, since this Method took place, than ever they had before. The Instance, brought to confirm this Article, with great Submission, relates to toe [aj Sic Qng. " 14 Journal.

charging

i Ann# 25 JanuariL 133

charging Debentures to Account, and not to the Payment of them: And, as to this, we say, that the Commissioners got it altered, by the Second Paragraph in their Presentment, before-mentioned, which is above Five Years since; and hope, they shall not be now blamed, because they could not get it done any sooner: And though we do not pretend to excuse the then Receiver-general, in such Misapplication of the Customs, as is alleged, which, no doubt, is a Lessening of the net Produce of that Fund; yet, in the last Appropriation of them for 1,200,000l. there arose a very great Surplus out of this Fund, after all the Debt paid.

4th Observation:

That it does not appear, there is a sufficient Check upon some Parts of the Management of this Revenue, where there is most Occasion for it: As, for Example, your Commissioners do not find, there is such Care taken, as is requisite, to secure Duties upon Importation of Goods; the Jerquer, whose proper Business it is, to coniptrollthe Masters Reports by the Land waiters Books, and to see, that all the Goods, imported, are duly entered, often contenting himself with the Account, the Merchant gives in, without ever looking in the Landwaiters Books, to see, whether they agree with the Masters Reports; and many of the Landwaiters Books are found not to agree, as to the Species, or Quantities, of Things imported.

To the 4th Article; We have examined the Jerquers, whereof there are Three in this Port; who all understand their Business, and have satisfied us, that their Practice, in jerquing of Ships, is never in the manner objected agaiiiat them in this general Charge, without examining the Masters Report by the Warrants, and comparing both with the Landwaiters Books: And as to what is said of the Landwaiters; unless we had the Names of the Ships, and Time of Importation, and the Species of Goods, supposed to be delivered, we cannot be informed, whether it docs bear upon any of them, or no.

5th Observation:

That the Collectors in the Long Room are not so punctual in their Discharge, as your Commissioners conceive they ought to be; for, though they are obliged weekly to pay the Receiver-general, not only all the Money they receive, but likewise to deliver over all the Bonds, that are taken by them in the preceding Week, yet, it appears, they detain Part of the Money longer in their Hands; and as it B seldom, that any of the Bonds are delivered up, so soon as they should be, to the Receiver-general, so many of them are not delivered up at all, but kept by the under Receivers, till they become due, and then the Money is by them received thereupon; the Consequence of which is, that, by this means, it is exceeding difficult to find out, whether they duly bring to Account all they receive, or not, the Bonds being very numerous, and the Receipts, upon this Revenue, of a very great Bulk; and, unless there be a Check upon them weekly, to inspect the State of the Bonds, taken by them, and see, that they charge themselves with the Money, as soon as they receive it, without keeping it in their Hands, to make any indirect Use of it, it is impossible todiscover, whether those Officers perform the Duty of their Places wiih that Fidelity, that is necessary for the publick Service.

As to the th Article; The Receivers in the Long Room bring their Accounts of Money, as near as they can, to a Balance every Week; but, as the Receiver-general closes his Accounts on , and Comp-

trolls do not give the particular Collectors their certain Charge till Monday, or Tuesday,they can't balance always

to a Shilling: And as to the Bonds; those for Wine, and Tobacco (which are the most considerable; have of late, pursuant to the Commissioners Directions, been delivered over to the Receiver-general, as soon as the Col-lebtors have had time to enter them in their Books; but the Bonds, taken from the East India Company, can't be brought to a regular Account, till the Sights are perfected for the Importation Duty, or the Goods sold by Vol. 14.

the Candle for the 15 per Cent, which, being a Transaction the Receiver-general has no Cognizance of, is more readily done by the proper Collector, who acknowledges to have kept the Bonds for other Duties also of that Receipt, in his Hands, till discharged: But we must give him this Testimony, that, in an Account of many hundred thousand Pounds, which have passed through his Hands yearly, for several Years past, it does not appear to us, that ever this Officer made a bad Debt to the Crown._

6th Observation:

That it does not appear, there is greater Care taken in the appointing sufficient Checks, to comptroll the Accounts of the Receivers-general, either as to his Charge, or Discharge: For, as to what regards his Charge, your Commissioners do not find, there is any Comptroll over that Part of his Receipts, which arises from Remittances from the Out-ports, the Collectors there sending up only quarterly, or monthly, Remittances of what the several Duties produce in those Ports; and the Bills being many in Number, and paid at different Times, it is impossible, they conceive, till a better Method is taken for the keeping those Accounts, to discover, whether the Receiver-general charges himself with the Receipt of any, much less of all, the Money, so soon as it comes to his Hands.

As to this 6th Article; If the Commissioners of Accounts had been pleased to take Notice Taper A. of our Presentment, of the 30th of No-N VI. vember, 1697, they might have observed that, what they mean by this Article, was therein more particularly proposed; and, if they would have sent for the Comptroller-general of the Accounts of the Customs, they would have Form of Ab- known, it has been practised accordingly stract, D. ever since: So that, if this Care did not appear to those Gentlemen, we hope, it shall not be imputed to us; that, which we had proposed for the publick Service, being actually putin Practice in this Instance.

7th Observation:

In like manner, that Part of his Charge, which proceeds from Bonds turned into Money, appears not to be sufficiently taken care of; since, according to the present Management, it seems impracticable to discover, whether the Money, arising from thence, is duly charged in his weekly Certificates; there being no one Officer in that Revenue, who thinks it his Business to inspect that Matter, and, by examining the Bonds, and seeing, whether he has them all by him, or not, to find out, whether the Sums, for which they have been taken, have not been received much sooner, than they have been brought to Account.

The 7th Article must receive the like Answer. Some of the present Commissioners first proposed insisting upon Interest at the Custom-house, where Bonds were not paid in time: The Merchants petitioned against it, but were over-ruled at the Treasury, on the Commis-Scheme B. sioners Report: A Scheme is framed, for Report E. making it practicable, and the Officers, concerned, directed to make their Objections, if they had any, or to propose some other Method; and if we should be blamed, because the Merchants are with Difficulty brought to comply, and the Officers to execute, 'twill be a very great Discouragement to all future Endeavours for advancing the Revenue.

8th Observation:

Besides these Defects in the Management of this Revenue, with regard to the Receiver's Charge, your Commissioners are humbly of Opinion, there are others in his Discharge; it not appearing to them, that the Comptroller hath any Power, or at least ever makes use of it, to inspect and examine weekly, whether the Receiver has actually in his Possession all the several Debentures, which he craves Allowance for in his Certificates, and whether he does not sometimes discharge himself of many Sums, as paid upon that Head, before

L1 they

Publick

Accounts.

Publick

Accounts.

134 25° Janu 1702.

they are actually paid: However, your Commissioners think, that, in Justice to the present Receiver-general, they ought to let you know, they do not find, he has made any indirect Use of these Opportunities; but that they thought it became them to submit these Observations to your Considerations, not knowing, what Advantage may be made by these, who shall succeed him, from the Latitude there is for Corruption, and Abuse, in the Receipt of those Revenues.

That this Observation, in some respects, is true; yet we must crave Leave to do that Right to the Management, that we proposed a Regulation of it in our C. Presentment of the 14th of August, 1696 (Copy w hereof is hereunto annexed) to which we pray to be referred, for justifying our Endeavours to have it rectified; which appear again in the first Para-A. N® I. graph of our Report, of the 30th of November, 1697. And some of our Applications were so far from resting in a Matter (as was conceived) so necessary for the Security of the Revenue, that, on a Petition of One of our Number, in the Year 1701, the then Lords of the Treasury agreed to propose to his Majesty this, with the other Part petitioned for, and received his Majesty's Approbation of bath; pursuant to which, the said Petitioner entered into that Province, which was allotted to him; and how the Direction for the other Part came not to be pursued at that time, was not under our Observation.

9th Observation:

That, whereas there was an Order made by the Commissioners for managing this Revenue, and approved by the Lords of the Treasury, that no Merchant should be suffered to enter new Ponds, before he had cleared those formerly given; yet your Commissioners find, That Order has been frequently broke, and no just Account made of the Interest due upon the Bonds, under Pretence, that the Merchants refuse Payment, when by Law they might be compelled to it.

This is a prudential Order, frequently repeated by us; and we humbly hope, we shall not be charged with the Officers Neglect of our Orders, when we take all the Care we can, to have them duly observed; it being impossible for us to watch every one, in all the Acts of his Duty. As to the Account of Interest, mentioned in this Article, we hope, it is sufficiently answered in our Observation on the 7th; and we are informed by the General Receiver, that, where the Merchant disputes the Payment of Interest, he refuses to cancel the Bonds, though the Principal be received, and the Time of Payment mentioned thereon.

10th Observation:

That there is no due Care taken, in quickening the Merchants in thfe Payments of their Bonds; it appearing, that many Bonds have not bceu put into the Solicitor's Hands, till long after they became due, to the great Detriment of the Publick.

The Time of the Bonds growing due is under the immediate Observation of the Receiver-general; and, if these Gentlemen do not find, in their 8th Observation, that he makes any indirect Use of these Opportunities, we hope, they will be pleased to observe also, that he was obliged to charge himself with the Interest, from the Times, that the Bonds were due.

1 ith Observation:

And that, when they have been put into the Solicitor's Hands, your Commissioners observe, that they have not been prosecuted with such Dispatch, as the publick Service required.

We do not desire to excuse any Neglect, that has been in any Part of the Business; nor could we justify ourselves, if it did not appear, that we have frequently excited this Officer to more Diligence.

12 th Observation:

ThisRevenue has also suffered veryconsiderably, for w ant of sufficient Care in inspecting the Securities usually given.

The taking Securities, if it be meant upon Merchants Entries, is the proper Business of the respective Collectors. We have frequently repeated our Orders of Caution to

them, in this Particular; and as soon as it was represented to us, that One of the Receivers was negligent in this Part of his Duty, he was dismissed by the Board. And we humbly crave Leave to observe, upon this Occasion, that the Sums, that may fall short, at the Foot of the Customhouse Account, for Ten Years past, will be but very inconsiderable, in proportion to the many Millions accounted for in the whole Receipt of that Time.

13th Observation:

Your Commissioners, upon a particular Enquiry, find further, that, for several Years, during the late War with France, and after wards, a clandestine Trade was

carried on, for importing French Wines from St. Sebastian, and other Ports of Spain: That, though his late Majesty gave Notice thereof to the Commissioners of tire Customs in April, 1695, yet no Seizures were made or prosecuted, till tire Year 1700: That this clandestine Trade was carried on by a notorious Confederacy between the Importers, the Consuls abroad, and some Officers in the Customs: That mean Appraisements, and undue Compositions, have been made for Seizures: That the Inspector of the Fines and Forfeitures, on Seizures (the Duty of whose Office is to take care, the Publick is not defrauded) has not regularly attended the Appraisements, Compositions, and Sales by Inch of Candle, and owns, he kept no Account of the same; and that, when personal Informations have been entered, and Offenders prosecuted, at the Charge of the Informers, they have been greatly discouraged, and pros, entered, not only to the Injury of thelnformers, but the Prejudice of the Publick: By all which unfair Practices, it appears to your Commissioners, this Revenue has suffered considerably.

As to the 13th Article, concerning the

Trade, we do humbly offer, that it does appear by

F. our Solicitor's Schedule of the particular Causes, hereunto annexed, that there were Seizures,

Prosecutions, and Trials, for importing French Wine from St. Sebastian, in the Years 95, 96, 97, 98, and 99, though without any Success, Verdicts being all against the Crown: That, by our Presentment to the

G. Lords of the Treasury, of the 9th of March, 1095 (hereunto also annexed) we did represent the

Difficulties we were under relating to this Trade; which we humbly pray may be read, for our Justification in this Matter: And although, by his late Majesty's Direction, pursuant to our said Presentment, Two Officers were sent to St. Sebastian, in order to discover, and prevent, this Trade, and carried with them a Commission to examine Witnesses, touching the Ship Revenge, then under Seizure in this Port, on Supposition of her having imported French Wine from St. Sebastian, and whereof, they presumed, they had sufficient Evidence; yet the Jury gave their Verdict against the Crown. And, for the Continuance of our Endeavours to prevent this Trade, notwithstanding the ill Success in Jwe crave Leave to appeal to many Gentlemen, now in this honourable House, whether, on the Commitment of a Bill, for preventing the Sophistication of Wine, One of our Number did not propose a Clause, for preventing sophistical Importation, mentioning the Sebastian Trade; and whether there were not many Clauses, to the same Effect, in the Bill, we brought in the next Session, for preventing clandestine Trade. If there was any Collusion in this Matter with any Officers of the Customs, no Proof of that kind was ever produced at the Custom-house Board; and, if there be any, we could wish, such Officers might be named, that innocent Persons may not suffer in their Credit under a general Charge. That we took all the Care was possible for us, by many repeated Orders to our Inspector, to see such Wines, as were seized, duly appraised, and also by recommending it to the Commissioners for Appraisements, that Men of Skill and Substance should be sworn for that Purpose, we hope, the Commissioners of Accounts will do us that Justice lo acknowledge, from our Minutes of this Transaction, which are all before them; and that any undue Compositions have been made by Direction, or Allowance, of this Board, or Non pros.

proposed,

I Ann. 25 ° JaMalie

proposed, but in stich Cases, where the King had compounded, is what we absolutely deny; and the entering Aon pros, for the King's Part, could not hihder the Prosecutor from going on for his own, if he thought fit And, for the Proceeding of the Custom-house Board, 'with relation to the several Compositions for St. Sebastian \V ine, we pray to be referred to our particular

H. I. Reports upon this Subject, of the 21st and 27th

K. L. of June, 1700, the 23d of November, 1700, and the 20th of November, 1701; all which are hereunto annexed: Nor can w e imagine, how the Terms of the Composition, on the Seizures by our Prosecution, could be construed injurious to the Publick, where the Crown received the whole Benefit of the Composition; whereas a private Informer would have been entitled to Half; which, in that Case, could be only of the appraised Value, the Court of Exchequer seldom refusing Writs of Delivery. And a# for the Composition, on the personal Information, the Quantum was

M. submitted wholly to the Lords of the Treasury, and the Modus, in both, to the Judgment of his Majesty's learned Counsel. All which, we humbly hope, w ill suffice to justify us in this whole Transaction.

14th Observation:

Your Commissioners must acquaint you further, that they are not able to say, what answer the Commissioners of the Customs can make to any Part of these Observations; because, though they have deferred laying this Report for some time before you, in order to hear them upon these, and several other, Matters, as those Commissioners themselves desired; yet they have not thought fit to suffer themselves to be examined, or to answer the several Queries, designed to be proposed to them: However, this Justice must be done them, that they have had no great Encouragement to endeavour the Reformation of Abuses, since, upon Representations, formerly made by them to the Treasury of Defects in the Management of the Customs, your Commissioners do not find any great Notice taken, or any thing done to remedy the most material Abuses.

To this we humbly offer, that, from the time we knew, that the Commissioners of Accounts were making Enquiries, relating to our Management, we were desirous to give them all the Satisfaction w-e could, in Ease of their Examination; and although we are not charged with One Shilling of the publick Money, and have therefore no Account of our own to be taken, stated, or examined; yet we thought it our Duty to submit to an Authority, so derived, as that Commission is, as may be seen

N. in a Transcript, herewith humbly presented, of all that passed between us, and that Board;

wherein it will also appear, that these Commissioners, in Obedience to their Precept, have had carried to their Office daily (as long as they thought fit) all our Presentments from ifiqi, our Minute Books from 1692, and our Reports from 1O93; in which Books are entered the most material Transactions of the Custom-house Board: And as there can be no doubt, but that these honourable Gentlemen have believed it incumbent upon them to represent, for the publick Service, w hatever they judged proper to be altered in our Management; so we hope, that, in whatever Part they have been silent, we shall have the Advantage, from their Enquiries, , to be reputed blameless. If therefore what the Commissioners of Accounts, have, in their Observations, thought fit to be regulated, agrees intirely with the Proposals w'e have made from time to time (us will appear from Papers, referred to in this Answer, which were under their View) we hope, they will be pleased to make us some Allowance, for the Advantage we have in concurring with their Opinion; and if what remains imputed to us, in their Charge, is, that our Orders have been sometimes neglected, we will hope for their Pardon, since they themselves are sensible, we wanted Support, and Authority, to keep our Officers to their Duty. Upon the whole Matter, we humbly refer to the favourable Consideration of this Honourable House (with regard to our sincere, steady, and visible Vo l. 14.

successful Kndeavours for the Advantage of the Revenue, Pubiirk and the publick Service) what we have been able, in so Account , short a Time, to recollect for our Defence, with all possible Respect and Submission; further humbly praying, we may have Leave to verify, by our Books, any such Papers, as may heed it, and Opportunity to answer any new Matter that may be objected to us.

C.

Custom-house, London, Sam. Clarke,

25 January, 1702. Ben.

T. Newport.

The Papers, to which the Answer refers, are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The Commissioners of the Customs said Answer to the Petition of Nathaniel Senior;viz.

To the honourable the Commons of England, in Parliament assembled:

THE Commissioners of her Majesty's Customs having, by the Favour of this honourable House, obtained a Copy of a Petition of Nathaniel Senior, relating to this Board, with the Order of this House, to make Answer thereunto upon Monday Morning next; the said Petition also referring to a former Petition to the honourable the Commissioners, for taking and stating the publick Accounts of the Nation; the Petitioner thereby suggesting, that, after great Industry, and Expence, in discovering a clandestine Trade by a considerable Number of Merchants, by importing French Wine, and Brandy, from . St. Sebastian, and other Places in Spain, he was greatly hindered and discouraged in the Prosecution of those Offences by the Commissioners and Officers of the Customs: The said Commissioners, for Answer, humbly pray Leave to be referred to Two Reports, made by this Board the 22d January, and 11th of February,

1700, upon the Petition of 'lho. Bellamy; wherein the State of those Prosecutions is plainly and at large set forth; which said Reports are hereunto annexed: And the said Commissioners do herewith also humbly lay before this honourable House the Proceedings of the said Senior (together with his Kinsman, Mr. Stisted, who is supposed to have been joined with him in the Prosecution of all the Informations, mentioned in the Petition) in the Court of Exchequer; whereby, upon the Oath of Stephen Creagh, and Michael Fallet, and Benjamine it

does appear, that, soon after Mich Term 1700, a Verdict of 480/. being obtained against Stephen Creagh and Mich. Fallet, upon an Information, exhibited in the Name of one Bellamy, for the Forfeiture.. Nine Ton of Brandy, being Aliens Goods, which they had entered in . their own Names, the said 480/. being, the Value recovered for the said Brandy; that the said Mr. Stisted and Mr. Senior appeared to treat with the said Creagh and Fallet about the Verdict, and about compounding another Information, then depending, for the Forfeiture of several Quantities of Wines, which had not paid the French Duties; and, after several Meetings, the said Stisted and Senior received 240/. being the Informers Moiety of the Verdict, and 360/. to discharge the other Information, then depending, for Wine, and all other Informations whatsoever; and promised to indemnity, and save them harmless, from the King's Part of the said Informations for Wines, frequently giving them a Caution, to keep their own Counsel, a: l not to make the least Discovery of the said Treaty and Agreement: That Mr.

Creagh and Fallet afterwards pressing Capt. Stisted, to give a Receipt for the said Money, he did assure them, they never should be troubled about those Informations, for that he would go to the Exchequer-Office, and burn and destroy the original Informations, that they should never come in Judgment against them; and that the said Creagh and Fallet, being Defendants in the said Informations, whose Concern it was to take out the said Licences, never did order or direct any Licence to be taken out; neither at the Time of the said Treaty, was it pretended by the said Stisted and ,that any Licences were taken out.

And

v

25° Januarii. . 170a.

Publick

Accounts.

And we beg Leave to observe, that long after the said 360/. paid, as aforesaid, viin Hilary Term, 1701, being above 12 Months after the Composition was made, a Licence was taken out, and a Composition swore to, by the said Bellamy, for the Informer's Part: Upon which we pray Leave further to observe, that upon the Informations, exhibited by this Board against the Defendants,

Creagh and Pallet, the Crown has received, for Com-

position, at the Rate of 4/. per Too, the Sum of 693/. which is above double more, than would have been paid in upon Mr. Senior and Stisted's said Comjjosition, if they

bad meant fairly.

There is also another Licence, entered by Mr. Stisled, or Mr. Sailor's Clerk, the same Term, to compound with Joseph Moor, for 22 Tons of French Wine, and taken out in the same Manner, and with the same Appearance of Fraud, as the other; and the Composition-money is 31/. 10s. which is under 30 per 'Jon; whereas, upon the Information, exhibited by Order of the Commissioners, the Composition was 92/. 10 s.

There was also another Licence, to compound with John James David, which was in like Manner, as the former, fraudulently taken out by or Senior; and,

though the Licences mention no more than 30 Tons, the Information, being for 55 Tons, the Defendant in this Case (as in Creag/i and Fallett's) is cheated notoriously.

It is also to be observed, that the said Mr. David had paid to the Crown, upon the Informations exhibited by this Board, 4601, which is more by 350 /. than would have been recovered upon Sen Composition.

By all which, the Commissioners humbly hope, will appear to his honourable House, the Unfairness and Insincerity of the said Stisted and Senior's Proceedings; and that the Informations, exhibited, or pretended to be exhibited, by the Petitioner, and the said Stisted, were intended to defend and skreen the Offenders from the King's Process, and not for the Service and Advantage of the Publick, as is suggested in the Petition.

And the Commissioners humbly crave Leave further to represent to this honourable House, that, in the whole Course of their Proceeding in the Compositions with the Merchants, they have acted with all Fairness and Caution imaginable; having first represented the Case to their Superiors, who always, upon such Presentment, consulted the King's learned Counsel, what was fit to be done; and, upon mature Deliberation with those learned Gentlemen, it was thought best and safest for the publick Service, to accept of Composition, according to the Course of the Court of Exchequer, rather than to hazard the Success of a 2d Tryal, which if unsuccessful, the Sum of upwards of 30,000l. gained by Composition, must have been lost to the Crown, and that Trade have been carried on, without any Disturbance for the future; for that there having been Prosecutions, in such like Cases, in 1695, 1696, 97, 98, 99, 1700, and still Verdicts against the Crown.

And, until we had actually compounded with those Merchants, whose Wines were under Seizure, and were prosecuting others, whose Wines had escaped the Officers Hand, we never heard of Mr. Bellamy, Mr. Stisted, nor Mr. Senior, nor any Informations of theirs depending in the Court of Exchequer.

And we crave Leave further to observe to this honourable House, that the Crovm received the whole Benefit of these Compositions; whereas, upon Mr. Senior's Information, the Crown could have been entitled but to a Moiety; and in all the Compositions, made by Mr. Senior and Stisted, the Commissioners Compositions are upwards of two Thirds more to the Crown, than theirs.

Moreover it appears by Entries in the Custom-house Books (a Copy whereof is hereunto annexed) that the said Stisted was dismissed from his Employment in the Customs, 19 Years since, for certifying Debentures, to entitle the Merchant to a Drawback for Goods, which were never sliipt.

And it further appears by Matter of Record (Copies whereof arc hereunto annexed) that these pretended Com-

positions, made by Senior and Stisted with and

Fallett, were made without Licences, inasmuch as the Licences, pretended for the said Compositions, were not taken out, till above a Year after; which Offence, by the Statute of 18 Queen Eliz. Cap. jth, is punishable with Pillory: And therefore we humbly submit to the Consideration of this honourable House, how far the Charge of Persons, concerned in such Practices, shall affect the Reputation of a publick Commission of the Revenue.

Custom-house, London, Sam. Clarke.

23d January, 1702. Ben. Overton.

T.

The First Report to the Treasury, referred to in the said Answer, as followeth;

May it please your Honours,

In Obedience to your Lordships Commands, signified to us by Mr. Loutides,upon the several annexed Petitions

of Thomas Bellamy, and of Stephen Creagh, and Michael Pallet; the former setting forth, that the Petitioner, being wrell informed of a clandestine Trade, set on foot, and carried on, by a great Number of Merchants of,

viz. from Bourdet tuzin France, and Sebastians in Spain, to the Port of London, w hereby his Majesty hath been defrauded, in his Customs, great Sums of Money, and Trade thereby greatly injured, and retarded, did, at his own Charge, send over a Person to and St.

Sebastians, in order to make a full and perfect Discovery thereof:

That the Petitioner, by virtue thereof, and by other his great Diligence, hath made a large Discovery, of what Wine, and Brandy, was so traded for, and imported into England, between the Months of July and latter End of February, 1C99; and hath exhibited Informations against the several Offendants, for the Values of the said Wines, and Brandies, in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer:

That the Petitioner hath also brought to Tryal, at his own Charge, on.e of the said Informations, for 18 Pieces of Brandy, against Michael Pallet and Stephen Creagh; and recovered therein, for his Majesty and himself, 480/. wherein there did appear, upon Tryal, to have been Three notorious Frauds committed; 1st, That they were French Brandy, and entered at the Custom-house for Spanish Brandy: 2dly, That the said Creagh and Pallet did enter them in their own Names, and paid English Duties only; whereas they were the Goods of an Alien: And 3dly, The said Pallet did'enter them Spanish Brandy, upon Oath, ad Valorem 301, per Ton; and they were afterwards sold for French Brandy, for upwards of 1001, per Ton:

That the Petitioner doubts not, but to prove great Frauds committed to his Majesty, upon all the rest of the said Informations; but, inasmuch as your Petitioner hath good Reason to believe, that he shall meet with great Opposition from so great a Body of considerable Merchants, as are herein concerned, as well as from those Officers of the Customs, through whose Hands they passed, besides the Dangers he may be presumed to run, as to his Person, his Solicitor having been already publickly menaced, for persisting in the Prosecution of the said Informations; and forasmuch as this Undertaking of the Petitioner is greatly for his Majesty's Service;

Humbly praying your Lordships Favour, and Protection, in the Premises, and, as a Compensation of his great Zeal, and Charge already sustained, and, in some measure, the better to enable him to goon in so good and serviceable an Undertaking for his Majesty, and the Publick, that your Lordships will be pleased to grant him his Majesty's Part of the said 480/. recovered against the said Creagh and Pallet, as aforesaid, or otherwise encourage and protect your Petitioner in his said Undertaking, as to your Lordships great Wisdom shall seem meet:

And the latter Petition setting forth, that in the Month of August, 1699, the Petitioners had consigned to them (being Partners) by Messieurs David and Lasseurs, Merchants

i Ann.

250 Jamarii.

37

chants in St. Sebastians, in the Kingdom of Spain, Eighteen

Pieces of Brandy, which the Petitioner entered at

the Custom-house in the Port of in his own and the Petitioner Creagh's Names, and paid all Duties to his Majesty for the same, according to the best of his Knowledge:

That one Thomas Bellamy, who is altogether unknown to the Petitioners, exhibited an Information in the Court of Exchequer against the Petitioner, for'entering the said Brandy in their own Names; alleging, that the said 18 Pieces of Brandy were the proper Goods of an Alien; and came to a Tryal with the Petitioners thereupon, the Sitting after the last Term, and recovered against them 480/. a Moiety whereof belongs to his Majesty:

That the Petitioner, Siefthen was, at the Time of the said Entry, in Holland, and knew not thereof; and the Petitioner Mick. Fattett, being a Frenchman horn, and wholly ignorant of the Law in that Case, did make the said Entry in both their Names, but without any Intention of defrauding his Majesty of the Aliens Duty; which is but Eight Shillings per Ton over and above die Customs paid for the same, and amounts to, in the Whole, but 3 /. 12 s. So that the said Duty is but inconsiderable, and could not be any Inducement to the Petitioners to run so great a Hazard, as the Forfeiture of the Value of the said Brandy:

That the Petitioners, in the Year 1699, paid to his Majesty Customs, for Goods, by diem imported into the Port of London,upwards of 6,000l. Humbly praying, your Lordships will remit to them his Majesty's Part of the said 4801.

We do humbly report to your Lordships, that, though the Prayers of the said two Petitions seem to be very different, yet, because they both relate to one Forfeiture, the former praying the Grant of the King's Part of the said Forfeiture, and the latter the Remission thereof, we have taken the Liberty to join them together in one Report; and, because both of diem have Relation to that collusive Trade, of bringing French Goods from St. Sebastian, we crave Leave to make a short Deduction to your Lordships, of what has been transacted at this Board, for the preventing that Trade, and the detecting and punishing the Offenders therein, from the Vintage of the Year 1699, which is as much as relates to the present Case. And we do humbly inform your Lordships, that in December, 1699, the Commissioners, having Reason to suspect, that French Wines were colourably imported from St. Sebastians, called the Surveyors before them, and directed them strictly to examine, and taste, all Wines then delivering; and the Surveyors at that time acquainting the Commissioners, that they had tasted the Wines, and thought, there might be a Suspicion, in the Taste, that there might be a Degree of French Wine in them, yet it seemed not so evident to them, to adventure to make Seizure, they were directed to continue their Diligence, in examining, and tasting all Wines from St. Sebastian, and other Parts of Spain, and wait for a more certain Opportunity to seize, in order to a Tryal for the Forfeiture of the Goods, or Recovery of the French Duty; and the 29th January they acquainted the Commissioners, they had tasted a Parcel of Wines, belonging to Mr. Cairnes, from St. Antonio, which they believed to be French Wine, or to have a great Mixture of Wine in them: They were directed to lay their Hands on them, the Commissioners being resolved to try the Point at Law; and after that, divers Instances of the same Kind fell daily in, from Bilboa, St. Sebastian, and other Ports of Spain; and the Wines were seized, and put into a Course of Tryal; and soon after, the Commissioners gave the same Directions to the Out-ports, strictly to examine, and taste, all Wiiies, that had the Semblance of French, and to seize all such, as might be reasonably suspected to be French, or mixed with French', and divers Parcels of Wines were thereupon seized, cs well in the Out-ports, as in the Port of London; and in Easter Term following, the Causes were ready for Tryal against the several Proprietors of the said Wtnes, many Vo l. 14,

of which are the same Persons, againstwhotn the Petitioner Pubiitk Bellamy pretends to have exhibited the Informations, men- Accuttnu tioned in the Schedule annexed to his Petition; and one Cause was brought to Tryal that Term, for a Parcel of Wines, belonging to the Petitioner Creagh; wherein though he obtained a Verdict, against the Evidence, and the Opinion of the Court, yet the Court, being moved for a new Tryal, thought it reasonable to grant it; which was the Cause, that the several Merchants, then under ' Prosecution, came in, and made Proposals to treat, by Licence of the Court of Exchequer, and pay two Thirds of the appraised Value: And we did afterwards, by our Report of the 23d of November, humbly offer our Opinion to your Lordships, that stroh Importers, as had, in the Beginning of the Year, escaped the Knowledge of the Officers, before the Mystery of this Trade was discovered, should be also prosecuted, as far as the Evidence of the Fact tvould reach; and gave Direction to our Solicitor accordingly: And thus this Matter stood, when Mr.

Battemy's Petition came referred to us from your Lordships; since which we are, upon Enquiry and Search, acquainted, that Informations are entered in the Book of Informations, remaining in die Exchequer Office, against die severed Persons mentioned in the List, annexed to the said Petition; and that the said Informations were entered the 15 February, 1699; and that they had lain dormant ever since, without any Subpands taken out against the Offenders, or any Offence, or Cause of Information assigned, or any thing else done thereupon from that Time, until your Lordship's Reference, and that we had

fiven Direction to our Solicitor, to prosecute the said fersons. And it is not unworthy your Lordship's Observation, that these Informations were secretly lodged in the Exchequer, at the same time, that we were laying our Hands upon the Merchants concerned in that Trade here, and making strict Enquiry after the same in the Out-ports; so that those latent Informations seem to us to be intended, rather as a Skreen, to defend the Offenders from the King's Process, than to be effectually prosecuted for the King's Service; and we see no Reason, why the Petitioner, who is a Person altogether unknown to us, and never appeared to us, but by a common Solicitor, and is already entitled to one Moiety of the Forfeitures, recovered against Creagh and Fallett, should be recompensed with the King's Part of the Forfeiture: Nevertheless if the said Bellamy shall, to prove his Sincerity, discover his Evidence to your Lordships, or the King's Counsel, and assist the King's Process therewith, in that Case he may be rewarded in such Proportion, as your Lordships shall think he may deserve. And we are humbly of Opinion, that there is no Pretence, that the Petitioners,

Creagh and Fallett, should be gratified with the Remission of the King's Part of the Forfeiture; since it is evident, that they incurred Pratnunire,by colouring Strangers Goods, to avoid the Payment of the French Duty.

All which is humbly submitted to your Lordships Consideration.

Rob. Henley,

Cha.

Walter Yonge,

Sam. Clarke,

Tho. Newport.

Custom-house, London, 22 January, 1700-1. Ex. John Sansom.

The 2d Report to the Treasury, referred to in the said Answer, as followeth; viz.

May it please your Lordships:

YOUR. Lordships having been pleased, at our last Attendance, to order a Second Petition of Tho.

hereunto annexed, to be delivered to us; wherein he would suggest to your Lordships, that the Services which he pretends to have done the Publick, by the Informations he had exhibited against Merchants, for importing French Wines from St. Sebastians, and other Ports of Spain, had not met with that Encouragement from this Board, which he might have expected, but that we had made use of his list, to exhibit other Informations against the same Persons; and prayed to be heard before your Lord-

M m ships,

v i

2 5 ° — 26°

A. 1702.

Publitk

Acccouots.

ships, by his Counsel: We do humbly acquaint your Lordships, that, by our Report of the 22d of January last, upon a former Petition of the said we did,

for the Reasons mentioned in the said Report (to which we pray your Lordships to be referred) humbly offer it as our Opinion, that the Informations, exhibited in the Name of the said Bellamy, were intended rather as a Skreen, to defend the Offenders from the King's Process, than to be effectually prosecuted for the King's Service; and we can find nothing mentioned by the said Bellamy in his second Petition, that does persuade us to be of another Opinion: And whereas he would insinuate, as if we had made use of his List, to prosecute the same Persons, he had exhibited Informations against; we pray your Lordships to take Notice, that Informations were entered in the Exchequer, by our Solicitor, the 14th of January, pursuant to the Orders of this Board in November last, as may appear by a Certificate, hereunto annexed; which was before we had Notice of any Informations lodged in the Exchequer, in the Name of the said Bellamy: And we look upon this Prosecution to be a Matter of such Consequence to the Publick, as well as Concernment to the Revenue, that we humbly pray your Lordships to take the Opinion of Mr. Attorney and Mr. Solicitor-general, how any Abuse therein may be most effectually prevented; and, if the Petitionor be allowed to be heard before your Lordships, by his Counsel, upon this Subject, we pray, that Mr. Attorney and Mr. Solicitor-general tnay be present on the King's Account

All which is humbly submitted to your Lordships Consideration.

Custom-house,

lj Feb. 1700-1.

Ex. John Sansom.

Wa. Yonge,

C. Godolphi Sam. Clarke, Robert Henley.

was committed, be taken into Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, for the more easy Monies for

Recovery of Monies for repairing Churches, be read the "Painn8 rp, . , ,.J ,s, > a i Churches.

Third time upon Wednesuay Alormng next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Mom- Running of ing next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Com- Brandy, mittee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for the encouraging the Consumption of malted Corn, and for preventing the Frauds in running of French Brandy.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Mom- Raising the ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Militm. House, upon the Bill, for raising the Militia of this Kingdom, for the Year 1703, notwithstanding a Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committees.

Ordered, That Sir Arthur Owen, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Stower, &c. Sir Edw. Norreys, Lord Poavlet, Mr. Hide, Mr. Walpole, Navigation.

Mr. Yates, Sir Hump. Mackicorth, Mr. North, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Jolliffe, Mr. Lairne, Mr. G. Bridges, Air.

Brewer, Mr. Child, be added to the Committee, to whom

the Bill, for the better putting in Execution an Act,

formerly made, for m iking navigable the River Stower

and Salwerp, in the Counties of Wor and Stafford,

is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mart is, 2 6°die Januarii;

The said Certificate, mentioned in the 2d Report;

Anno priino Annie Regime.

Upon the first Petition of Mr. Bellamy, Mr. Hosier and I made a Report to your Honours, of the 18th of January, a Copy whereof I have hereunto annexed; by which I acquainted your Honours, that I did not find any Appearances entered to his Informations in the Publick Book of the I'xchequer Office; notwithstanding which, I am "since informed, that, by Agreement of the Clerks concerned, there have been Appearances entered, and accepted, as of last Term, from Air. Joseph Moor, Mr. John Lambert, and Mr. Samuel White; and that the Informer does design to proceed to Tryal against them this Term: That other Informations having been exhibited by me against the Two former, in the Attorney-general's Name, for the Duty, Application has been made to him, to stop the said Tryal, on Behalf of the King, till the said other Informations be tried; but Mr. Attorney does appear unwilling to take such a Power upon him, without a Warrant for so doing: And whereas the Petitioner suggests, in his second Petition, as if the Commissioners took an Opportunity, and Advantage, from the first Petition, and the List thereunto annexed, to order the said other Informations to be exhibited; 1 beg Leave to acquaint your Honours, that the said other Informations stand entered in the Exchequer Office, on the 14th of January last, before the Petitioner's Case came before the Board, and the Instructions, and Order, for entering the same, were taken from your Honours Report of the 23d of November last, and from the Entries of the Ships in the Jerquer's Office.

J. Bridges.

10 l'ebr. 1700-1.

The other Papers, referred to in the said Reports, are bound up with other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Answers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Alembers of the House.

Supply Bill; Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Sub idici. whole House, to whom the Bill for granting divers Subsidies to her Majesty, for carrying on the present War,

Prayers.

DETER le Blank took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

A Petition of William Fanshaw, Esquire, was presented Vesev'e to the House, and read; setting forth, that, in 1676, Estate, the Petitioner married the late Duke of Mon moth's, Sister, and became Guardian to her three Children by her first Husband, William Sursfteld; in maintaining whom, and prosecuting for their Estate, the Petitioner expended above 4,000l. That the Petitioner's Wife died, and Vesey, Esquire, privately married Chariot/, her only surviving Child; who gave Vesey her Estate, and died, without paying the Petitioner one Penny of his Expences:

That, since the Trustees, for Irish Forfeitures, claim that Estate, as forfeited by Colonel Patrick Sarsfield, to whom his Brother William is supposed to have given it, by his Will, from his own Children, and Air. Vesey, fearing, that the Petitioner would back the said Will (wherein there was due to the Petitioner 1,800l. Principal Aloney, for Maintenance of Wm. Sarsfield's Children) agrees to give the Petitioner 50/. in Hand, and a Alortgage for 2,000l. upon the whole Estate, in lieu of all his Pretences: That the said Trustees decreed the Estate forfeited, and Mr. Vesey petitioned the then Parliament for Relief; who granted him the said Estate, he paying three Years Value for it:

That there is a Bill, from the Lords, now in this House, for Sale of divers Lands in the County of Kildare, and Kingdom of Ireland (being the Estate. . Agmondisharn Vesey, Esquire, and his two Daughters, Ann Vesey and Henrietta Vesey) for the paying of Debts, and clearing Incumbrances, charged thereon, and also for injpowering the said Agmondisharn Vesey to make Leases for any Term,

not exceedingone-and-twenty Years; which Premises are Part of the aforesaid Estate; and now Mr. Vesey pretends, he is not obliged to pay the said Mortgage, he being a Purchaser of the forfeited Estate: And praying, that the said Alortgage for 2,000l. may be secured to the Petitioner, in such Alanner, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered,

t

Duke of

Beaufort's

Estate.

I Wayfoorts, i &c. Nat.

Brograves

Estate.

i -

Resumption of Grants.

Bishop of Chief iester'i Leases.

i Ann. 26° Januarii. 139

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to vyhom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Compton reported from the Committee, to whom 'the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, the Estate of Henry Duke of Beauf, according to Agreement, made upon his Marriage, and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Nicholas IVayj'oor and Jacob

was read a Second time.

Resolved, Thatthe Bill be committed to Mr. Clayton, Sir Fran. AJassam, Mr. Hysham.Sir Mostyn, Mr.

denham, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Vernon, Sir Fran. Wyndham,

Earl of Dysert, Mr. Bridgman, Sir JVm. Mr.

Jessop, Sir Phil. Boteler, Sir Jos Mr. Sir Fra. Blake, Mr. Drake, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. ther, Mr. Crosse, Mr. Smith, Mr. Bertie, Mr Mr. Blofeld: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a dock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to vest divers Lands and Tenements of Sir Thomas Bro-grave, Baronet, in the County of Hertford, in Trustees, to be sold, and to settle other Lands and Tenements, in lieu thereof, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Freeman, Sir Fran. Massam, Earl of D Sir Robert Eden, Sir JVm. Drake, Colonel Drake, Mr. England, Mr. Blofeld, Mr. Lee, Sir Edw. Norreys, Mr. Rowney, Mr. liysham, Mr. Robert Bertie, Mr. Guyn, Sir John Alordant, Sir John Kay, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Crosse, Mr. Conyers, Sir JVm.Hustler, Mr. Fagg, Mr. Johnson, Mr.

Halsey, Sir Robert Edon, Mr. and all, that serve

for the Counties of Sufolk, Hertford, and Essex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of Brigadier Ferdinando Hastings, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner being possessed of an old Messuage, called the Unicorn Inn, and a Stable-yard to it, near the Hay-market, in St. James's, Parish, for 48 Years, from Michaelmas, 1692, under a Grant thereof, made by King Charles the 2d to the late Earl of St. Albans, in Trust for the Petitioner, his late Majesty King William, by Letters Patents, of 6 Apr. in the 5th Year of his Reign, did grant to the Petitioner the said Premises, for 51 Years, from Michaelmas, 1740, at 5$. per Annum Rent, in Consideration of his long and faithful Services, wherein he hath so much ruined his Health, and which is all he now enjoyeth for his said Services: And praying, that a saving Clause, for the Petitioner, may be inserted in the Bill, for resuming such Grants, as are therein mentioned.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, to whom 1 the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act, giving further Time to John Lord Bishop of Chichester, and his Successors, to make Leases of certain Houses, and Ground, in and near Chancery-lane, belonging to the Bishoprick of Chichester, was committed; that they had examined the same, and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Vol. 14.

A Bill, for the more effectual preventing the Abuses, Woollen.M.i-and Frauds, of Persons, employed in working lip the nu aCluie8-Woollen, Linen, Fustian, and Cotton, Manufactures of this Kingdom, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Clayton,

Sir John Alordant, Mr. Chancellor of the Duchy, Sir Owen Buckingham, Mr. Hysham, Mr. Bertie, Sir Robert Edon, Mr. Hetc, Mr. Drake, Mr. Blofield, Mr.

Mr. Freeman, Mr. Sanderson, Sir Mr.

Vernon, Mr. Stonehouse; Sir Roger Mr. Fagg,

Mr. Lee, Mr. Naylor, Mr. Gwyn, Sir Blake-, and all that serve for the Counties of Lancaster, Stafford,

JVancick, Wilts, Somerset, and Devon: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

And the Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants, Ironmongers, Sadlers, Cutlers, and Traders, in and about the Town of Birmingham, in the County of on Behalf of themselves, and many Thousands of poor Workmen in and about the same (which was ordered to lie upon the Table, till the said Bill was read a Second time') being read; setting forth, that the Trade of the said Town, and Places adjacent, is chiefly supported by the Manufactury of Iron Wares, whereby they made Provision for their Families, until several Ironmongers,

Cutlers, and others, their Dealers, refused to pay the poor Workmen in Money, but force them to take Cloth, Stuff, or Provisions, for their Work; that the Petitioners finding by the Votes of the House, that Provision was intended to be made, for redressing the like Grievance in the Woollen Manufacture, they pray, that Care may be taken, to prevent their said Grievance in the Iron Manufactures;

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee.

Sir William Hustler reported from the Committee, to Continuing whom the Bill, for continuing several Laws therein mentioned, was committed; that they had made several ws Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and some of them, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Clause B. being read a Second time; Thatthe Justices of Peace, at their General Quarter Sessions, -holden by Adjournment, for their respective Divisions, may order the Payment of such Money, as they shall judge necessary, for defraying the Charges, required by the Act, for their respective Divisions only;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Clause F. being read a Second time; For transporting to the Plantations, as Servants, all such Rogues, or Vagrants, as the Justices, at their Quarter Sessions, shall think fit, upon the Approbation of the Privy Council;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The Residue of the Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Brewer (according to Order) presented to the Clandestine House a Bill, to prevent the Exportation of Wool; and the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Ff'iday next, in a full House.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legctrd, and Sir Richard Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

for

Ca tic man's Will.

Burton Dasset Inclosure.

Lone's

Estate.

Publick

Accounts.

140

26° JanuariL . 1702.

for making Provision for the younger Children of Jonathan Castieman,of Coubcrtlcy, in the County of Gloucester,

Esquire, and for supplying an Omission, in his Father's Will, of a Power for making Leases, without Amendment:

Also, their Lordships have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming the Division of a third Part of the Manor of Burton Dasset, in the County of Warwick, heretofore made by the Owners thereof, without Amendment:

Also, their Lordships have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of several Estates, for Payment of Debts charged thereupon, and for disposing of the Residue of the Money at Interest, for the Benefit of Giles Lotte, and other Infants, pursuant to their Father's Will, with some Amendments; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Colonel Bierley, from the Commissioners, for taking,

examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, presented to the House their Report, pursuant to the Order of the House of Friday last; by which they were directed to examine the Auditors, and other Officers of the Exchequer, relating to the passing of the Accounts of the publick Money; and to lay before the House, what they should find to be the Cause, that the Accounts are not annually and duly passed, according to the Laws in that Case; and through whose Default it hath happened: And the same was read, and is, as followeth;

IN Obedience to the Order of this House, the 2 2d Instant, requiring the Commissioners, for taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, further to examine the Auditors, and other Officers, of the Exchequer, relating to the passing of the Accounts for the publick Money; and lay before this House, what they find to be the Cause, that the Accounts are not annually and duly passed, according to the Laws in that Case; and through whose Default it hath happened;

Your Commissioners have further examined, upon Oath, Mr. Bridges,one of the Auditors of the Imprests,

and Mr. Moody, Deputy to Mr. Done, (late the other Au-

ditor of the Imprests) and find, that, whereas the said Auditors were required, by the Earl of Rochester's Orders and Instructions (when Lord Treasurer) of the 6 June, 1685, enforcing the ancient Course of the Exchequer, to certify to the King's Remembrancer the Neglects of the several annual Accomptants, that Process might go out against them; they have made only two such Certificates; pne in March, 1685; the other the 17th of February, 1686; and can give no direct and clear Answer, why the same have been since discontinued. Mr. Bridges believes, it was, because the Remembrancer thought it not safe to issue Process, without a particular Order from tlje Treasury; though your Commissioners must observe, the same Orders and Instructions require the Remembrancer, without further Direction, to issue Process against every Accomptant, and not stay Proceedings thereupon, unless by Warrant from the Treasury, or from the Chancellor of the Exchequer: And Mr. Moody says, he was very young in the Office, and dares not take upon him to say, how these Certificates came to be discontinued. They both agree, that, from that time, they have certified the Treasury; but it appears to your Commissioners, upon their Examination, that these Certificates have not been regularly made, no certain stated Times observed for the making of them, and they have been made either to the Treasury, or to the Chancellors of the Exchequer respectively, as they have thought (it to call for them, notwithstanding the Orders and Instructions, beforementioned, require the Auditors to attend the Lord Treasurer every Lent Vacation, with a general Certificate of the State of all Accounts before them.

Your Commissioners have also examined, upon Oath, Mr. Barker, the Deputy Remembrancer; who knows not, w by these Certificates have been discontinued; but, as to the issuing Process against the Accomptants, he has acquainted your Commissioners, the same has been it

often ordered, and in most Cases afterwards stayed; for which he has received only an Order, or Letter, without any Cause assigned: And laying before your Commissioners the particular Instances of Processes ordered to issue, they must let you know', that they liavc been generally against the lesser Accomptants, and Receivers of Taxes, and scarce any against those, who stand accountable for the greatest Sums of the publick Money, and who have been certified, by the Auditors, to be in Arrear with their Accounts.

Your Commissioners, upon this Occasion, took Notice to him, that, by the Act, Anno 8° et 9® of the late King (for the better Observation of the Course, anciently used in the Receipt of Exchequer) the Auditor of the Receipts is obliged to transmit the ordinary Imprest Rolls half-yearly to the Remembrancer; and also examined him, how far the same hath been complied with: Who informs your Commissioners, this hath not been duly and regularly observed: That Two Imprest Rolls have been sent him, since the Order to your Commissioners, to make this Enquiry; and that there are still three in Arrear.

Your Commissioners have further examined the Secretary of the Treasury, upon Oath; who says, that the ancient Course of the Exchequer has been for several Years disused, in the making out the Certificates to the Queen's Remembrancer, and his issuing Process of Course, which, according to the Duty of their Places, they ought respectively to nave done; and he apprehends, this must have proceeded from undue Favour shewn to the Accomptants.

R. Byet'ley, IV.

Fr. Scobell, Gods. Copley, J. Bridges.

And the first Observation of the said Commissioners being again read;

And a Debate arising, in relation to the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Debate be adjourned;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That Charles Lord Halifax, Auditor ofihe Resolution Receipt of the Exchequer, hath neglected his Duty, and against Lord is guilty of a Breach of Trust, in not transmitting the Im- Halifax> prest Rolls half-yearly to the King's Remembrancer, according to the Act, made in the Session of Parliament, held in the 8th and 9th Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Observation of the Course anciently used in the Receipt of Exchequer.

The Sixth Paragraph of the said Observations being read;

Resolved, That the allowing Accomptants the Charges Other Rcso-of Law-suits, to determine the Right of their Offices, is a Unions Misapplication of the publick Money. ?5 ,n8t

The 7th, 8th, 9th, and 10th Paragraphs of the said mentsr" 8 Observations being read;

Resolved, That the Auditors of the Imprest have been guilty of a great Neglect of their Duty, in not certifying the King's Remembrancer the Neglect of the several annual Accomptants, that Process might go out against them.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, that there hath been a general Mismanagement of the publick Money, by not obliging Accomptants to make up their Accounts, and by continuing Receivers in several Counties, contrary to Law, who had neglected to make up their Accounts in due time; which hath been a great Abuse of the Publick, and another Cause of the great Debt, that lies upon the Nation.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Observations of the said Commissioners be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard, and Sir Richard Halford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Morris for Sale of Part of the Estate of Charles Morris, Esquire, stale-

for

i Ann. 26° — 270

141

for Payment of Debts charged thereupon, and for the making Provision for his younger Children, without Amendments:

Also, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for punishing of Accessaries to Felonies, and Receivers of stolen Goods; and to prevent the wilful burning and destroying of Ships; with some Amendments; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Reports from the Committee of of Privilege. prjvjieges an(] Elections, which were to have been made this Day, be made upon Thursday Morning next.

Accommoda- Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-uon of the night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

upon the Bill for the better Accommodation of her Majesty's Navy.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Acce« are» to Felonies, &c.

Committee

Mercurii, 27 die

Renatus Hands, Samuel Aubery, and IVm. Edmunds, on behalf of themselves, and other Creditors of the late King James's Queen, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth that there is about 7,000l. due to the Petitioners, most of whom are Tradesmen, for Services done, and Goods and Wares sold, the said Queen, for her necessary Maintenance; and the Petitioners were advised, that the Rents, and Fines, in the Tenants Hands, of the Manor of Dantsey, in Com' Wilts, and of Bedford Levell (Part of the Estate, settled for her separate Provision) were liable to the Petitioners Debts; upon Representation whereof to this House in 1689, and 1690, in two several Bills, to vest Part of the said Estate in their late Majesties, Clauses were inserted, for appropriating the said Estate, in the first Place, for Payment of the just Debts of the said Queen; but, the Parliament being prorogued, those Bills did . pass: That the said Fines and Rents, are mostly still in the Tenants Hands, and are sufficient to pay the Petitioners; but they cannot by Law compel the said Queen's surviving Trustees to pay them: And praying, that the House will afford such Relief in the Premises, as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for resuming such Grants, as are therein mentioned, is committed.

Arderue's

LtiUle.

Anno primo Annie Regina.

Prayers.

THE House took into Consideration the Amendment, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable John Arderne, Esquire, to pay his Father's Debts, and make Provision for his Brothers and Sister.

And the same being read, is, as followeth;

Skin 3d, L. 23. For " Chester," read " Derby." And the same being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Robert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendment.

Stawell's The House took into Consideration the Amendments, Estate. made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable William Coleman, Esquire, and others, to make Sale of Lands, for Payment of the Debts and Legacies of JVII-liam Starve!/, Esquire, deceased.

And the same being read, are, as follow;

3d Press, 2 L. Leave out " Survivors or."

4 L. Instead of " the Heirs of the Survivor " of them the said William Coleman " and Elizabeth Bale," read " their " respective Heirs."

32 L. Instead of "the Heirs of such Survivor," read " their respective Heirs."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second . time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Guyn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Chancery- An ingrossed Bill, for the better collecting the Duties, lane, and Lin- granted for making the Way out of Chancery-lane into Fields Dn Lincoln's Inn Fields, and for determining the said Duties,

when the Parties concerned are paid, was read the Third time- '

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Tide be, An Act for the better collecting the Duties, granted for making the Way out of Chancery-lane into Lincoln's Inn Fields, and for determining the said Duties, when the Parties concerned are paid.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Onslow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Creditors of A Petition of Edmund Webb, Esquire, Edward Rigby, Queename Wm.Sherrard, Feter Dufresnoy, Nidi. Alexander,

ue<n' Vol. 14.

Mr. Secretary Hedges (according to Order) presented Savoy to the House a Bill, to enable her Majesty to settle the Revenue . Lands and Revenues of the late dissolved Hospital of the Savoy, to such charitable and publick Uses, as are therein mentioned; and the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill, for reviving and continuing the Act, for ap- Army Debts, pointing Commissioners, to take, examine, and determine, the Debts due to the Army, Navy, and for Transport Service; and also an Account of the Prizes, taken during the late War; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Commitee of the w hole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of Charles Angebaud was presented to the Ditto. House, and read; setting forth, that he, by Commission in 1689, was appointed Apothecary-generul to the Army in Ireland; for which Service there was expended by the Petitioner, for Medicines, 489/. 11 8 as may appear

by the Hospital Books, and which was stopt out of the Pay of the several Regiments; yet the Petitioner can have no Satisfaction for his Debt: And praying, that the Commissioners of Accounts, for the Army, may have Power to state the Petitioner's Debt, and that he may have a Debenture for the Money.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee of the whole House.

A Petition of John Bingham, Esquire, and Katherine Ditto. Dunbar, Widow, and Relict of John Dunbar, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that in May, 1691, General Ginkell contracted with the Petitioners to provide 300 Horses, with all manner of Equipage, and to pay Drivers, Carmen, and all necessary Attendants, to carry Ammunition from the Magazines into the Field, for that Year; for which Service 799/. 175. 2 has been paid on Account, and there remains -due to the Petitioners 1,036/. 4s. 51 d.as by Accounts, signed by the Lord Coningsby, Paymaster of the Troops in Ireland,

may appear: And praying, that a Clause may be inserted in the Bill, for continuing the Act, for appointing Commissioners, to take, examine, and determine, the Debts due to the Army, to enable the Commissioners to state the Petitioners Accounts, and that their said just Debt may be satisfied out of the Irish Forfeitures, or otherwise, as the House shall think fit.

N a > Ordered,

Army Debts.

D tto.

Ditto.

CloucesUr City Election.

14a 270 Januarii. A. 1702.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report be referred to the said Committee of the whole House. the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Samuel Vernierlate Governor of the Hospitals for sick and wounded Men in Ireland, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there is due to the Petitioner, for his said Service, upon the Balance of his Accounts, 1,099/. 2s. 5 as by the same, regularly stated, and signed by the Commissioners of Accounts in Ireland, now remaining with Mr. Auditor Bridges, to whom the same were referred by the Treasury, and his Report, and also by the Certificate of Cha. Far, Esquire, on a former Reference of the Premises from the Treasury, may appear; yet, by the Accounts of the Lord Coningsbi/and the said Mr. Fox, being set, insuper, for all Sums paid the Petitioner, without making any Allowances for his Disbursements, he has been in great Danger of Ruin, by Process out of the Exchequer against him; and the Commissioners of Accounts, for the Army, apprehending, they had no Power to state the Petitioner's Accounts, refused to intermeddle therewith: The Petitioner therefore prays the Relief of the House, that such Power may be given, for stating his said Accounts, as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee of the whole House.

A Petition of Colonel Luke Lillingston was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner, as Colonel of the late Jamaica Regiment of Foot, has received of the Paymaster-general of the Forces, in Debentures out of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, the full Arrears of Pay, due to the Non-commission Officers and Soldiers of the said Regiment; and, pursuant to a late Act, for making good the Deficiencies, and for preserving the publick Credit, the Petitioner has been obliged to enter into Bond to the said Paymaster, to pay the said Officers and Soldiers, as the said Act directs, rendering an Account, at the Year's End, of the Overplus, if any; but several Sums of Money have been laid out and expended upon the Credit of Subsistence, due to the Men, while at Sea, Hispaniola, and the Aladeras, as appears by Receipts of the respective Captains: And praying, that a Clause may be inserted in some Bill, now passing the House, to impower the Paymaster-general to receive the said Receipts in Discharge of the said Arrears, and that the Petitioner be accountable for the Remainder only at the Year's End.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee of the whole House.

A Petition of the Officers of his late Majesty's French Regiment of Dragoons, under the Marquis de Command, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, after the disbanding the said Regiment, they applied to the Lord Ranelagh for 2,609/. 1 os- 8rf. due for the Remainder of their Pay; but he said, he could not pay them, because the Money, given for the Use of the said Regiment, was by his late Majesty's Order, disposed to other Uses: And praying, that the House will make some Provision for paying the said Arrears.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee of the whole House.

A Petition of John Bridgman, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, at the Election of a Citizen, to serve in Parliament for the City of Gloucester, in the room of John How, Esquire, the Petitioner' and John Hanbury, Esquire, stood Candidates; and divers Persons w ere polled for Air. Hanbury, that had no Right to vote; and he, by Treating, Menaces, and Promises of Rewards, and other illegal Practices, gained a Majority to vote for him; and the Sheriffs of the said City have returned him, in Wrong to the Petitioner: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as the House shall think meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Accessaries Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, to Felonies, An Act for punishing of Accessaries to Felonies, and Receivers of stolen Goods; and to prevent the wilful burning and destroying of Ships.

And the same, being read, are as follow;

1 Skin, 22 L. After " Clergy," add " pardoned, or otherwise delivered, before Attuinder."

3 L. After " he," add " or she."

26 L. After " he," add " or she;" and instead of " done," read " suffered."

2 Skin, 11 L. After " he," add " or she."

34 L. After " Offences," add " committed " on the high Seas, or where the " Admiralty hath Jurisdiction."

3 Skin, 2 L. After " Offences," add " last mentioned." 1

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Queen's Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, Bench and An Act for the better preventing Escapes out of the Queen's Bench and Fleet Prisons.

And the same being read, are, as follow; viz.

1 Skin, 4 L. After " Actions," add "for the Recovery of Debt, or Damages, or."

5. L. After " Contempts," add " in not performing Orders, or Decrees, made " in Courts of Equity."

13 L. Instead of,- " thoi/ Contempts," read " Debts, or satisfying such Damages,

" or performing such Orders, or Decrees."

28 L. After " Contempt," add " in not performing such Orders or Decrees."

29 L. Leave out " of Record."

2d Skin, 18 L. After " Actions," add " Execution or " Executions."

34 L. Leave out from " retaken" to " their" in the 37 L.

3 Skin, 8 L. After " the," read " said."

10 L. After " discharged," add " except such " Person or Persons be charged with " Treason, or Felony, or any other " Crime, Matter, or Cause, for and " on the Behalf of the Queens Majesty, her Heirs and Successors; and " if he, or she, for any such Cause, on " the Behalf of the Queen, her Heirs " and Successors, be removed to any " other Gaol or Prison, he, or she,

" shall be in the Custody of such Gaol,

" charged with all the Causes, with " which he, or she, is or shall be charged in the Gaol, from whence he, or " she, shall be removed; and every " Mayor, and other Officer, as aforesaid, after Delivery of such Prisoner, so retaken, together with such " Warrant, to the Sheriff, shall take a " Note, in Writing, from such Sheriff, testifying the Receipt of such " Prisoner; which said Sheriff is hereby required to receive such Prisoner,

" and give such Note; and every such " Sheriff, as aforesaid, after the Exe-cution of such Warrant, shall forth- ' with make a Return thereof to the

" Court,

i Ann

27° Januarii. 143

" Court, where the Action shall be " depending, or Judgment, Order, or " Decree, had or obtained; which " shall be entered and filed upon " Record."

14 and 15 L. Leave out " Bailiff, or other Officer." 26 L. Leave out from " to" to the Second " shall" in the 32 L. and add " have " and prosecute out of such of her Majesty's Courts, where he, or they " are or shall be Bail, a Writ, directed to the Sheriff of the County,

" to the Gaol whereof such Prisoner,

" so retaken, shall be committed and " detained, commanding such Sheriff " to detain and keep such Prisoner in " Custody, in Discharge of his Bail; " which Writ, with an Account, whether he hath the said Prisoner in his " Custody, shall be returned by the " said Sheriff in Court, at a Day " therein to be mentioned; and the " Delivery of every such Writ to the " Sherift', or his Deputy."

34 L. After " whatsoever," add " in Discharge

> " of the said Bail."

35 L. After " Sheriff," add " his Deputy;" '

and after " other," add " his inferior."

4 Skin, 5 and 6 L. Leave out " Bailiff's, and other " chief Officers."

7 and 8 L. Instead of " make such Surrender," read " deliver such Writ, for " keeping, and detaining such " Prisoner."

9 L. Leave out from " make" to " and" " in the 15 L. and read " return " and certify, under his Hand, " the Receipt of such Writ, and " the Time thereof, and whether " the said Person, so retaken,

- " was then in his Custody."

21 L. Leave out from " such" to " shall" in the 23 Line, and read " Return " or Certificate to the Court, " where such Bail shall be taken, " such Court."

27 L. After " Defendant," leave out " be-

" fore such;" and read " to " such Court, or before any."

28 L. After " Judges," add " of the same."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Crosse do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Aagmenting A Bill for the Augmentation of small Vicarages, was mall View- rea(j a Second time.

* ' Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Coke,

Mr. Comyns, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Hoblyn, Sir Nich. Morris, Mr. Crosse, Sir Wm. Hustler, Sir Robert Edon, Mr. Naylor, Sir Math. Dudley, Sir JVa. Mr. Clark,

Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. Blofield, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Storehouse, Sir Cha. Bloys, Lord , Mr. Pitfield, Mr.

Grahme, Sir IVm. Drake, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Page, Mr. Hicks, Mr. Tilney, Mr. Harpur, Sir John Mordant: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pitt, and Mr. Rogers: j Mr. Speaker,

Linens called The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act jlorelap . for Explanation of a Clause in one Act, made in the 7th ' Year of his late Majesty's Reign, relating to Borelaps, and Ve H.

to take off the additional Subsidy upon Irish Linen, without any Amendments:

Also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Hoare'a to enable the Executrix of James Hoare, Esquire, de- EiUle-ceased,- to pay a Sum of Money, in Discharge of a Trust in her reposed by his Will; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee *

An ingrossed Bill, for enlarging the Time for taking Oath of Ab-the Oath of Abjuration, and also for recapacitating and juration, indemnifying such Persons, as have not taken the same by the Time, and shall take the same by a 'Lime to be, appointed, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act for enlarging the Time for taking the Oath of Abjuration, and also for recapacitating and indemnifying such Persons, a9 have not taken the same by the Time, and shall take the same by a Time to be, appointed.

Ordered, That Sir Matthew Dudley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

The House (according to Order) proceeded in the publick Ac. further Consideration of the Observations of the Com counts, missioners, for taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts.

And the Eleventh Paragraph being read;

Resolved, That the Money, imprest out of the Exche- Resolution quer for the Service of the Publick, ought to be kept by against Lord the respective Officers in their own Custody, until the.Hal wc same shall be paid to the Uses for which it was directed.

The Twelfth and Thirteenth Paragraphs being read;

Resolved, That Charles Lord Halifax, Auditor of the Receipt of Exchequer, hath been guilty of a Breach of Trust, in not examining, every three Months, the Tellers Vouchers for the Payments upon the Annuities, which he allows in his weekly Certificates, according to the Act of Parliament, made in the Session, held in the 8th and 9th Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Observation of the Course anciently used in the Receipt of Exchequer.

Resolved, That the Resolutions, relating to Charles Lord Halifax, be laid before her Majesty.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that she will please to give Directions to the Attorney-general, to prosecute Charles Lord Halifax, for his said Offences.

Ordered, That the said Resolutions, and Address, be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House, as are of her Majesty'9 most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Observations of the Commissioners of Accounts be adjourned till Friday Morning next

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn- Frauds in ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Stamp House, upon the Bill, for preventing Frauds in her 1)utie Majesty's Duties upon stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and for remedying some Defects in the Acts relating to the said Duties.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- st. Paul's ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Cathedral. -House, upon the Bill, for finishing, adorning, and securing, the Cathedral Church of St. Paul's.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- Punishing ing next, after the said Committee upon the Bill for t#l"t 0a|nd finishing, adorning, and securing, the Cathedral Church " r ll‘ of St. Paul's, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for punishing Officers or Soldiers, who shall mutiny, or desert her Majesty's Service, and for punishing false Musters, and for better Payment of Quarters.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, for the more easy

Recovery

"Money for

repairing

Churches.

Raising the Militia.

Loane's

Estate.

Army Debts.

Lone's

Estate.

144 7° — 2$

Recovery of Monies for repairing Churches, be read the Third time upon Friday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for raising the Militia of this Kingdom, for the Year 1703, notwithstanding the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid.

Ordered, That Sir Fran. Massam, Mr. Meyrick, Mr. Dormer, Mr. Fagg, Mr. Pemberton, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Jolliff'e, Mr. Irby, Mr. Bridgman, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill, for the better Execution of the Will of John Loane, Esquire, deceased, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 28° die Januarii;

Anno primo Ann® Regime.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the several Captains, and the Executors and Administrators of those dead, in Brigudier Langstons former Regiment of Horse, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said Brigadier hath given in the Accounts of the said Regiment, to the 1st of April, 169 2, to the Commissioners of Accounts lor the Army; wherein the Petitionershaving found great Errors, they delivered in their Objections, and the Brigadier replied generally, justifying his Accounts, and the Petitioners desired to be heard thereupon; but the said Commissioners declared, they had not Power for it, and the Brigadier being in Ireland, the Accounts have not passed the said Commissioners; whereby the Petitioners very much suffer, being daily in Danger of Arrests by the private Men, for their Arrears, w'hich are in the Brigadier's Hands; nor has he given the Petitioners any Account of what is due to them, from the said 1st of April, to the 4th of August following (at which time they were incorporated into other Regiments) though he is overpaid for that Time, as appears by the Ix>rd s

Accounts: And praying, that some effectual Way may be taken, to compel the said Brigadier to adjust his Accounts, and make Satisfaction to the Petitioners, he using all manner of Delays at Law, to keep the private Men out of their Money, thereby to tire them out, and the Petitioners ..'. therein is likely to be the same.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the w hole House, to whom the Bill, for reviving and continuing the Act, for appointing Commissioners, to take, examine, and determine, the Debts due to the Army, Navy, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes, taken during the late War, is committed.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of several Estates, for Payment of Debts charged thereupon, and for disposing of the Residue of the Money at Interest, for the Benefit of Giles Lone, and other Infants, pursuant to their Father's Will. And the same, being read, are, as follow;

6 Press, 12 L. After " the," add " said."

22. After "Manor," insert "Houses."

37. After " Poole," add " or any Three of them."

39. After " Assigns" add " or any Three

of them."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. PigottJdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, tllat this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

5Januarii. A. 170a.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for charging the Estate, late of Thomas Lyster, Esquire, deceased, with Maintenances for his Nine younger Children.

And the same, being read, is, as followeth; viz.

1 Press, 33 L. After " and, " add " Cardiston, alias."

The said Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Mitton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendment:

Mr. Hungerford reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, of Toby Hodson, the elder, Esquire, a Lunatick, in Trustees, for Payment of his Debts, and making Provision for himself, his Wife, and only Son, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations therein, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned.had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the vesting of the several Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Essex, late belonging to John C'ouper, Gentleman, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for better Payment of his Debts, and Legacies, charged thereon, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir William Hustler do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act giving further Time to John Lord Bishop of Chichester, and his Successors, to make Leases of certain Houses, and Ground, in and near Chancery-lane, belonging to the Bishoprick of Chichester, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendments.

Mr. Bertie reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better Execution of the Will of John Loane, Esquire, deceased, and for Sale of Part of his Estate, to pay his Debts, and legacies, for preserving the Residue thereof, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations therein, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee bad directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

A Petition of the Farmers of Land, and other Inhabitants, within the Island of Thanet, in Kent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the greatest Part of the said Island consists of Ullage Land, sown with Barley, which, for some Years, has been so low in Price, that the Petitioners have not been able to raise their Rents by their Farms, by Reason of the great Duty laid on Malt, and the Want of Consumption of malted Barley by the Distillers of English Brandy and Spirits, and by the running of foreign Brandy; as also by reason that many substantial Shopkeepers, wrho formerly _ sold English Brandy, do now refuse to sell any, because they are obliged to take out Licences, as common Alehouse-keepers do; and also by reason that divers unwholesome Brandies and Spirits have been made, for want of being regulated and inspected, w hereby they have much lost

their

Lyster'f

Estate.

Ilodson's

Estate.

Cowper's

Estate.

Bishop of

Chichester's

Leases.

Loane's

Estate.

Running of Brandy.

i Ann 48° Januark. 45

their Esteem; all which occasion tKe Non-consumption of encouraging the Consumption of malted -Coni, and for Malt, and consequently the Impoverishment of the Farmer, preventing the Frauds in running French Brandy, and Fall of Rents to the Landlords: And praying, that Mr. Speaker left the Chair, some speedy Redress may be had, for the better Con- Mr. Freeman took the Chair of the Committee,

sumption of Malt, and English Brandy and Spirits. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition Mr. Freeman reported from the said Committee, that

be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to they had gone through the Bill, and made several whom the Bill, for the encouraging the Consumption of Amendments thereunto,- which they had directed him to malted Corn, and for preventing the Frauds in running report, when the House will please to receive the same. French Brandy, is committed. Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morn-

iron Manu- A Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants, Iron

lac cure. mongers, and Traders in Iron Wares, in and about the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, on behalf of themselves, and many Thousand of poor Workmen in and about the same, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Trade of the said Town, and Places adjacent, is chiefly supported by the Manufacture of Iron Wares, whereby they maintained their Families, until their Chapmen refused to pay the poor Workmen in Money, and force them to take Cloth, Stuffs, or Victuals, for their W'ork, to their great Impoverishment: And praying, that this their Grievance may be redressed with those of the like Nature in the Woollen Manufactory.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be made from the Committee, to whom the Bill, for the more effectual preventing the Abuses, and Frauds, of Persons, employed in working up the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, and Cotton, Manufactures of this Kingdom, is committed.

Army Debts. A Petition of James Crofts, William Cadogan, and Edward Sutton, in behalf of themselves, and other the Aid de Camps, that served, during the last War, in Flanders, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, though the Petitioners faithfully served in their Stations, yet they have not received their Pay, as other Officers have done: And praying, that the Commissioners of Accounts, for the Army, may be directed, and impowered, to state the Petitioners Accounts, and issue out Debentures to them, in such Manner, and for such Time, as they have already done for the General Officers.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the-whole House, to whom the Bill, for reviving and continuing the Act, for appointing Commissioners, to take, examine, and determine the Debts, due to the Army, Navy, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes, taken during the late War, is committed.

Ditto. A Petition of Richard and Thom.

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners were employed as Commissaries of the Musters, during the late War, in Flanders', and, upon Return of the Troops, were ordered to attend the General Officers, in disbanding the Forces; and, in Consideration thereof, the Petitioners were ordered, by a Vote of the House of Commons, of the 20th April, 1689, ° be paid, as far as the General Officers of the Army were paid: That the Petitioners attended the Commissioners of Accounts for the Army, in order to state the Account of Arrears due to them; but, finding the Petitioners were not inserted in the Certificate, from the Lord Ranelagh, of the Pay due to the General Officers, by reason of their being, by Mistake, left out of the last Establishment, the said Commissioners are of Opinion, that they have not sufficient Power to state the Petitioners Account, of Arrears: And praying, that the said Commissioners may be impowered to state the Accounts of Arrears due to the Petitioners.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Running of The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a

Brandy. Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for the Vol. 14.

ing.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee Punishing of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for punishing Mutiny and Officers, or Soldiers, who shall mutiny, or desert heir Desertion- Majesty's Service, and for punishing false Musters, and for better payment of Quarters, is committed, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for the better recruiting of her Majesty's Forces.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Gloucester

and Sir Lacon William Child: Poor

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the incorporating certain Persons, for the better providing for, and setting at Work, the Poor in the City of Gloucester, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill, for the Ease of Sheriffs, in the ex- Ease of ecuting their Offices, and passing their Accounts, was Sheriffs, read the Third time.

And several Amendments being proposed to be made therein, as follow; viz.

Press 1. L. 3. Leave out " prepenting," and insert " preventing."

L. last, Leave out " Records," and insert Record M v

Pr. 2. L. 35. After " for," to insert " Sheriff.",

Pr. 8. L. 31. Leave out " Sums," and insert " Sum."

Pr. 11. L. 9. To Leave out " and upon." ,

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be.

An Act for the Ease of Sheriffs, in the executing their Office, and passing their Accounts.

Ordered, That Mr. Hicks do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Bromley (according to Order) reported from the Higham-Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it Fmey appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough ection‘ of Higham-Ferrers,in the County of Northampton, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are, as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of Thomas Wentworth, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Tho. Pemberton, Esquire, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Higham-Ferrers, in the County of Northampton:

That, upon the Poll, the Numbers were thus:

For the Petitioner, - - - - 43.

For the Sitting Member, - - 51.

That the Petitioner's Counsel opened the Right of . Election to be in the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, at large, and in the Freemen, residing within the Borough, and not receiving Alms.

That the Sitting Member's Counsel insisted, that the Freemen ought to be Householders.

That, this being controverted, several Witnesses were called:

Jos. Hoscott, Tho. Stratton, Rob. Levered, Sam. Richards; who said, they had known this Borough 20,30,-50,

O o and

Higham

Ferrers

Election

4(5

and 60, Years: That they had known Freemen, who were not Freeholders, vote; and some of them had voted as Freemen, when they were not Housholders.

That the Counsel for the Sitting Member, in Answer to this Evidence, insisted, that the Usage was with them; and also a Resolution of the House, the 10th May,

1660; when the House agreed with the Committee, that the Burgesses at large ought to elect; and, that Sir Tho. Dacres was duly elected.

That, as to the Usage, they called several Witnesses;

John Bridgman, Robert , Mr. Willis, Arthur

Heckly, Peter Satuierson;who said, they had known Higham Ferrers 11, 40, 50, and 60, Years; and that the Right of Election was in the Housekeepers, paying Scotland Lot; and that, as Freemen, none had been permitted to vote, though they had sometimes offered themselves: That they had known them sometimes refused, and at others rejected, upon Scrutinies.

That then the Charter of 2 et 3 Phil, et Mar. was

S reduced; which, in the Recital, calls them, The Mayor, urgesses, and Community, of and, by

that Charter, the Corporation is to cohsist of a Mayor, Seven Aldermen, and 13 Burgesses; and the Privilege is granted them of sending One Burgess to Parliament.

That, upon the Whole, the Committee came to this Resolution:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right of ejecting a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Higham-Ferre in the County of Northampton, is in the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Freemen, being Householders, and not receiving Alms.

That, the Right being thus settled, the Petitioner's Counsel proceeded to give Evidence to such, as had a Right to vote, and offered themselves for the Petitioner, and were refused; and to set aside the Votes of others, who voted for the Sitting Member.

That Lists were offered accordingly, and Answers were given to them by the Counsel and Witnesses of the other Side.

Evidence was given as to some Votes, that were gained by indirect Practices.

John Underwood \TVm. Underwood, said, that John

Saunders had promised Mr. Wentworth his Vote; but, a little before the Election, he told him, Mr. Pemberton Lad promised to pay him a Debt of above 30/. if he would vote for him; and that otherwise he would not. To which it was answered, that this was only paying a just Debt; and that John Saunders was formerly in the Interest of Mr. Pemberton, and had voted for him at the former Election.

John Underwood said, that Thomas Jackson had promised to vote for Mr. Wentworth', but that Mr. Pemberton had done Business in the Law for him, and had promised, if he would vote for him, he would come to a fair Account with him: But Mr. Willis being examined, said, that Mr. Saunders promised him to be for Mr. Pemberton;though at the same Time he declared,

Mr. Pemberton had dealt hardly by him, and that he had not Money to pay him: With which he acquainted Mr. Pemberton; who said he would come to a fair Account with him, whether he voted for him, or not.

John Underwood also said, that William Male had promised to be for Mr. Wentworth; but Mr. , at

his House, threatened to stick [a] him, if he would not be for him; and promised to raise his Wages from 12 to 14 d.a Day: But Mr. Willis and Tho. Freeman said, they were present at the same Time, and there was no threatening used to him; and, as to the raising of his Wages, Freeman said, it was promised only in this Manner; That, Male complaining, he had but 12 a Day, when others had 14 d.Mr. Pemberton said, if he would do as much Work, as others, that had 14 a Day, he should have the same Wages.

Edw. Freeman said, that Richard Small told him, he would have been for Mr. Wentworth, but Mr. Pemberton owed him some Money, and Mr. Willis told him, he [a] Sic Orig. " trick/' Journal.

170a.

would pass his Word for it, if he would vote for Mr. Pemberton. It was proved on the other Side, that Small had been always in the Interest of Mr. Pemberton, and his Friends. t

That there was a great Stress laid upon a partial Distribution of Ilay. The Case was stated thus: That there is a Meadow at Higham-Ferrers, of about 24 Acres, called the Craftsmen's Meadow: That there is a Meadow-reeve, who has always the Hay, growing upon Acres, and he distributes the Hay, that grows upon the other 20 Acres, to the Craftsmen, and Innkeepers, of the Town, and their Widows; and that, when any Person has a Share of this Hay allotted him, he has afterwards continued to enjoy it; and that it has not been usual to take it from him: But it was insisted, that this Trust had been abused by Mr. Pemberton (who was, at the Time of the Election, and still continues, Meadow-reeve) in the Distribution thereof, to make Voices for himself; and that the said Voices, so gained, ought not to be allowed to him: And to this the Petitioner's Counsel examined several Witnesses; viz.

Theophilus May said, that Samuel Goodson voted for Mr. Pemberton, and told him, he was of the right Side; for Mr. Pemberton told him, if he would vote for him, he should have Half an Acre of Grass.

And Rob. Freeman said, that Sam. Goodson had a Rood of Hay last Year, and none before.

Joseph Hoscott, aged 60 Years, and born at Higham-Ferrers, said, that the Freemen, and Innkeepers, who have received this Hay, have looked upon it as their Inheritance; and their Widows have received it after them; and his Father and Mother, and he, received it all along.

Tho. Stratton also testified as to the Custom of Hay being continued to the same Persons, and being distributed to their Widows, after their Deaths; and that he had. Hay for 30 Years together, but none the last Year: He believes, it was, because he was not for Mr. Pemberton; and about Ten of his Neighbours fared so.

Tho. Weston said, that Mr. Pemberton desired his Vote, and promised him Friendship in the;

and a Week before the Election, speaking of the Hay, Mr. Pemberton told him, that they were not of the same Side: Which he takes to have been the Reason, he had no Hay.

Robert Freeman, John Hall, Tho. Stratton, gave an Account of several Persons, that voted for Mr. Pemberton, whose Allowance w$s increased; and of others, who voted for Mr. Wentworth, whose Allowance was lessened, or taken away.

Sam. Edey said, the Mayor asked his Vote for Mr. Pemberton, and threatened to turn him out of a Town-house, he lived in, if he did not give it him; and that he did vote for Mr. Wentworth, and was turned out

That, to the Distribution of Hay, it w'as answered, that the Hay was not distributed till after the Election; That Mr. Pemberton, as Meadow-reeve, had the Distribution of it, in such Proportion, and to such Craftsmen, and Innkeepers, as he thought fit.

Bridgman said, he received the Hay 20 Years ago, and it was taken away from him one Year, upon a Quarrel with the Meadow-reeve's Servant; and that, about the same time, it was taken away from the Widow Langley.

Tho. Freeman said, the Meadow-reeve always disposed of the Hay, as he thought fit; and that some, who voted against Mr. Pemberton, had Hay the last Year: That several of those, who were instanced to have an Increase of Hay, were Mr. Pemberton a Tenants; and that therefore he favoured them.

That Mr. Pemberton's Counsel alledged, that they could take off from Mr. Wentworth's Poll; but they took the Majority to be so clearly with them, they waved it, and only called Witnesses, as to indirect Practices for the Petitioner.

Tho. Freeman, Sam. Richards, said, that the Lord Rockingluim, about 13 or 14 Years ago, had promised the Town 50/. towards renewing the Leases of the Poor's Ladd, which afterwards were taken over their Heads:

That,

28° Janu»

r Ann.. . a 80 fanuari 47

That, about a Month or Six Weeks before the Election, the Lord Rockingham sent 50/. by Mr. his

Steward, to buy a Piece of Land, to be settled to the Use of the Poor: That, as soon as he came to the Town, he sent for several Persons to his Inn, laid the Money before them upon the Table, and told them, for what Use it was intended; but Lands, of that Value, being not to be purchased, he carried the Money back again. It was confessed, that Mr. Ekyns had several Times formerly said,

he would engage, the Money should be ready; and Mr.

Nevison, when be brought the Money, declared, it was not upon Account of the Election; and he carried the Money to Mr. Pembertons House, and enquired of him, if he could sell such a Parcel of Land, as he wanted.

Ann Jervoise, Draper, said, that, at the White Horse, they received each Half a Crown of Mr. Wentworth's Bailiff, to engage their Husbands to be for Mr. Wentworth; and that John Woodley, John Underwood, and Robert Freeman, were present.

To answer which Evidence, the Petitioner called those three Persons; who denied that they saw any Money given to them; but acknowledged that Mr had given 20 s.to be disposed to the Poor, who had no Votes; and that the same was distributed by 1 id. and 6d. a-piece.

That, upon the Whole, the Committee came to this Resolution:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Thomas Pemberton, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Higham-Ferrers, in the County of Northampton.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ilchester Mr. Bromley also (according to Order) reported from

Election. tile Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of Ilchester, in the County of Somerset, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk'sTable; where the same were read, and are, as follow; viz.

Upon the several Petitions of Webb, Esquire, and of divers of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Ilchester, in the County of Somerset, complaining of an undue Election and Return of James Anderton, Esquire, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough:

That there was upon the Poll,

For Sir Fra. Wyndham, - - -72.

For Mr. Webb, ----- - 66.

For Mr. Anderton, ----- 28.

That the Right of Election was agreed to be in the Bailiff, Capital Burgesses, and Inhabitants, not receiving Alms.

That the Petitioner having so great a Majority, his Counsel insisted, that it was from the Partiality of the Bailiff, who had acted contrary to his Duty, he was not returned.

That it was affirmed, and not contradicted, that, at the Time of the Election, some objections had been made to several, who offered to vote, and they were refused; but none to any that were admitted.

That, after the Poll ended, the Bailiff adjourned to his own House (an Alehouse) and, after some Hours, returning to the Hall, declared the Sitting Member duly elected; and that the Bailiff being then asked his reason for it, made Answer, He could look through an Iron Grate.

That the Bailiff, a Fortnight or Three Weeks before the Election, declared, he w»ould return Mr. Anderton, right or wrong, though he had but five Votes. That there was a pretended Scrutiny, after the Election, made at the Bailiff s House; where no Person was present on the behalf of the Petitioner.

Robert Gillet: — That the Bailiff, the Night before the Election, declared, he was to have loo/, to return the Sitting Member, and Security for his Charges; and that, Yot. 14.

if he had but Four Voices, he would- return him: That iich«>Mr Edward Cleeve, the Gaoler, asked his Vote for the Sitting Election. Member; and calling his Wife, she gave him Two Guineas in a Paper. He said, he did not vote for the Sitting Member, but for the Petitioner; because the Sitting Member promised him Three Guineas, and Two Guineas, at Two former Elections, and kept not his Word.

That it appeared, Cleeve voted for the Petitioner, as well as for the Sitting Member. '

That the Answer, the Sitting Member's Counsel gave to this, was, that the Bailiff had done his Duty; for though the Petitioner had the Majority, as is set forth, upon the Poll, yet, upon the Scrutiny, which w'as demanded in the Hall, upon a Suggestion, that most of the Petitioner's Votes were obtained by Corruption and Bri . bery, there was plain Bribery proved upon so many of the Petitioner's Votes, that, when they were taken off, gave the Sitting Member the Majority; and accordingly the Bailiff conceived, he ought to make the Return.

That to these Allegations Witnesses were called:

John Winter-, who said, he was present at the Election; and a Scrutiny was demanded in the Hall, upon a Sug gestion of Brit>ery in the Petitioner; and thereupon the Bailiff adjourned to his House.

He said, that John Burford was an Agent for the Petitioner, and desired him to write to the Sitting Member; that, if he would send'50/. he should be returned with the Petitioner.

Tho. Cheney said, that, a little before the Election, he went to the Petitioner's House, with 50 or 60 others; and then it was proposed to them by the Petitioner, to give them Two Guineas a-piece; but some of them insisted on Three: That he went over a second Time, with Sift others, and the Petitioner told them, he hoped, they were all his Friends, and he would send the Money; and that Cor and Mather were made choice of, to receive it'

Mary Cleeve said, that one Simcor, who was a Servant to the Petitioner, or to his Mother, about the Middle of May brought 100l. to her House, and left it under a Bed; and afterwards Thom. Smith and John Burford came and desired her to put it up, by Two Guineas in a Paper, and give it to such as had Votes; and accordingly she gave such Papers to 17, at the same Time desiring their Votes for the Petitioner: That Smith took an Account of the Money, with the Names of the Persons she had given it to; and Smith himself gave Two Guineas to one Hopkins; and Smith and Burford ordered her to deliver the rest of the Money to Andrew Sherlock.

Andrew Sherlock acknowledged, he received the Money from Mary Cleeve; and said, he had given Two Guineas a-piece to 17 others, to vote for the Petitioner; though he afterwards said, he was ordered to give them the Money, without saying any tiling; and what was done, be gave an Account of to Burford and Edward Cleeve. Sherlock himself voted for Sir Fra. Windham, and the Petitioner.

Edw. Cleeve confirmed the Testimony, his Wife had given, of Simcox coming to his House, and bringing the 100l. and the Directions given to his Wife, by Burford and Smith, about disposing thereof; and said, Sherlock gave an Account, to Burford, of the Names of those Persons, he had distributed to; and he put down the Names of those, his Wife distributed to; and distributed himself to 5 or 6 others, by the Direction of Burford and Smith; and that it was owned, at that Timr, to be to vote for the Petitioner, to be a Member of Parliament.

Steph. Taszvell s&id, he asked John Sud, w by he would not vote for Mr. Anderton;and Sud answered, they were poor; and he must vote for him, that would give most.

In Answer to that Part of the Evidence, relating to the 50 or 60 Persons going to the Petitioner's House, his Counsel called

. Crawford; who said, he was sent by his Master, the Petitioner, to Ilchester, to forbid their coming to his House; yet, notwithstanding, the same Night, about threescore came to his Master's House: That he could

not

i8° yantiafiL

A. 1702.

flchester

Election

Cheping

Wycombe

Election.

hot say, he iTfis present always; but he heard bo Promise of any Money

That, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee That James Anderton, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Ilchester, in the County of Somerset.

? Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That John JVebb, Esquire, hath been guilty of notorious Bribery, in order to procure himself to be elected a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Ilchester.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee That Thomas Smith, Esquire, Agent for the said Mr» Webb, hath been guilty of notorious Bribery, in order to procure the Election of a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Ilchester.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That John Burford, Agent for the said Mr. Webb, hath been guilty of notorious Bribery, in order to procure the Election of a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Ilchester.

- The First Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, that the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That James Anderton, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Borough of in the County of Somerset;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas, Price:' \ ,33'

Tellers for the Noes, \w.Hy} l10'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Residue of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the said John Webb, Esquire, be, for his said Offence, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the said Thomas Smith, Esquire, be, for his said Offence, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the said John Burford be, for his said Offence, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, that James Ashford, late Bailiff of the said Borough of Ilchester, hath been guilty of arbitrary and illegal Proceedings in the late Election of Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Ilchester.

Ordered, That the said James Ashford be, for his said Offence, taken into the Custody of die Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Mr. Bromley also (according to Order) reported, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of Cheping Wycombe, in the County of Bucks, and the Resolution of the Committee thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in h£s Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as follows; viz.

Upon the Petition of Henry Lord Shelburne, complain- ing of an undue Election, and Return of Fleetwood Dormer, Esquire, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Cheping Wycombe, in the County of Bucks:

That, upon the Poll, there was,

For the Petitioner, - - - - 32.

For the Sitting Member, - - 55.

That the Right of Election was agreed to be in the Mayor, Bailiffs, Aldermen, and Burgesses, not receiving Alms.

And the Controversy was only upon the Manner of making Burgesses.

That the Petitioner's Counsel insisted, that the Burgesses ought to be made with the Consent of the major Part of all the Burgesses, duly summoned, and assembled at the common Hall.

And the Petitioner's Counsel alledged, that they should take off so many Votes from the Sitting Member's Poll, upon the Account of their not being regularly made Burgesses, as would give the Petitioner the Majority.

' That it was objected, and Evidence given, that 21 were made Burgesses in January, 1698, at a publick House, without due Notice and Summons to several of the Aldermen, or capital Burgesses, and not at the Town Hall, where all such Meetings ought to be held; and these Burgesses voted for the Sitting Member.

That a Protestation was produced, signed by several of the Aldermen complaining of the Proceedings of the Mayor, and the other Aldermen, in the making these Burgesses.

That the making Mr. JVhart and Sir Tho. Skipwith Burgesses, at another Time, at an Entertainment at the Mayor's House without due Summons to the Aldermen, was objected to; as also the making of Alderman Shrimpton a Burgess; who was made a Burgess, and Alderman, the same Day, and in the like Manner.

That the Counsel for the Sitting Member admitted the making of the 21 Burgesses in 1698, and of Three others, who voted for the Petitioner. They said, they were made by the unanimous Consent of the Mayor, and 7 others, who are a Majority of the 15, in whom the sole Power of making Burgesses is lodged: That some of the Aldermen expressing a Dissatisfaction in their not being summoned, a Court was called, to meet the 25th of February following, at the Town Hall, in which all the Forms were duly observed; and, at that Meeting, those present adjourned to a publick House, near the Hall, and elected again these Burgesses, as appeared by an Entry in the Town Book.

That the Town Serjeant testified, that, by the Mayor's Order, he summoned all the Aldermen to this last Meeting; and that the Bell tolled, as usual, to give Notice of it

John Bigg, Tho. Bams, one of the Aldermen, and he, that was Mayor, when these Elections were made, gave Evidence, as to the summoning, to meet at the Town Hall, at the Second Election.

That in the Petitioner's Counsel's Reply they observed, that the same Persons were the Electors, and present at both Elections, and no other.

That, upon the Whole, the Committee came to this Resolution:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Fleetwood Dormer, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Cheping Wycombe, in the County of Bucks.

The said Resolution, being read a Second lime, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Mr. Bromley also (according to Order) reported, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of Andover, in the County of Southampton, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are, as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of Sir John Cope, and Francis Conway Seymour, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of John and Francis Shep-

pard, Esquires, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Andover, in the County of Southampton:

That the Counsel for the Petitioners offering no Evidence, to make good the Allegations in their Petition theyw ere ordered to withdraw.

And a Motion being made, to read the last Resolution, touching the Right of Election, made the 1st of April, i Wilhelmiet Marie; the same was read; viz.

" That

J

Andover

Election.

i Ann. 28 Janu 149

" That the Right of Election of Burgesses, to serve in " Parliament for the Borough of in the County of Southampton, is in the Bailiff, and select Number of " Burgesses only."

Whereupon the Committee came to the following Resolutions:

Resolved, That it 13 the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right of Election of Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of in the County of

Southampton, is in the Bailiff, and select Number of Burgesses only.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That John Smith, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Andover.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Francis Sheppard, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Andover.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Mr. Bromley also (according to Order) reported, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of Plympton in the County of Devon, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are, as follow j viz.

Upon the several Petitions of Richard Hele, John Williams, and Richard Strode, Esquires, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Richard Edgcomb and Tho. Jerv Esquires, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Plympton, in the County of Devon:

That, upon the Poll, the Numbers were thus:

For Mr. Edgcombe 52.

For Mr. Jervoise, 46.

For Mr. Hele, 41.

For Mr. Williams, 27.

For Mr. Strode, 5.

That it was agreed, that the Right of electing Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Plympton, was in the Freemen of the Borough: And the Petitioners Counsel insisted, that none, but the Sons of Freemen, when they attained their Age of 18 Years, by the Constitution and Custom of the Borough, ought to be made free: The Counsel for the Sitting Members affirmed, that no Persons whatsoever had any Right to be made free, but that the Corporation might make free, whom they pleased.

John JVitchalls, Nich. Sparke, two very old Men, gave

Testimony, that they had never remembered any, till of late, made free, besides the Sons of Freemen.

John JValtham said, that only the Sons of Freemen used to be made free; but that himself with several other Foreigners, were made free about 26 Years since, to serve Mr. Treby, and had voted in all the Elections, except the first; in which they did not, because they were made free after the Teste of the Writ. That, in the Year 1700, the Aldermen agreed to make each one Freeman: That they had yearly Two Courts in this Borough; one of which is called the Fulfilling Court; and the Town-clerk then gives it in Charge to the Jury, to present the Names of all the Sons of Freemen, above the Age of 18 Years; who are summoned to come in, and take up their Freedom.

Mrs. Mary Spark said, she had known Plympton above 40 Years, and her Husband, who had been Mayor 3 or times; and that it was usual for Freemen's Sons, at 18 Years of Age, to come to the Fulfilling Court, and take of their Freedom; otherwise the Bailiff warns them to come, and take it up: That she has Two Sons made free, and others of her Sons have been denied, about Two Years since; and the Reason was (as Mr. Treby, the

-Voju 14.

Town-clerk, told her) because they would not vote, as the Magistrates would have them.

The Counsel for the Sitting Members called some ancient Men, who had known the Borough many Years:

Chr. Bishop, Tho. Dennis,... Davy; who said, that they looked upon no Persons to have any Bight to be made free, but such, as the Mayor and Magistrates thought fit; and that they had known several Gentlemen, viz. Sir Fra.Drake, Mr. Hilsdon, Mr. Copsall, fyc. made

free, and vote in Elections of Members, to serve in Parliament. One of them, Davy acknow-

ledged, the Jury, at the Fulfilling Court, presented the Sons of Freemen; but that it was at the Pleasure of the Mayor, and major Part of the Aldermen, whether they would make them free, or not.

That, in Reply to this Evidence, a By-law, in an ancient Book of the Corporation, was read; whereby it was declared, that, if any free Burgess born should be presented in the Borough Court, and, being warned to come to be sworn, shall not come to the Court, to be sworn, and claim his Freedom, within Three Months, he shall lose the Possibility of his Freedom, and not afterwards to be admitted thereto, but as a Stranger.

That then the Committee came to this Resolution:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right of electing Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Plimpton, in the County of Devon, is in the Mayor, Bailiff, and Freemen, of the said Borough, and in the Sons of Freemen, who have a Right to demand their Freedom, and have been refused the same.

That, the Right being thus settled, the Petitioners Counsel insisted, they should add to their Poll, and take off from the Sitting Members, so many, as would give them a Majority; and called several Witnesses;

John JValtham, Nich. Spark, John JVitchalls, and John Veale; who said, that John Wookom.be, Esquire, John Lux, Edward Sparke, Henry Sparke, William JVitchalls, Wm. JVhiniate, John JVatts, John Sparke, Rich. Church-stile, John Veale, were the Sons of Freemen, had demanded their Freedom, most of them several times, some of them at the Fulfilling Court, some at the same time, when several Strangers from Exon were made free, and three of them only at the time of the Election. '

Henry Brooking, John JValtham; — That Edward Tutton and Nath. Blake, who were sworn Freemen, offered to vote, at the last Election, for the Petitioners, but were refused.

That the Petitioners Counsel proceeded to take off, from the Sitting Members Poll, 17, who lived at Exon, who were not the Sons of Freemen of Plimpton, and were made free after the Death of the late King; Jeremy King, Staplehill Heath, Tho. Jeffries, Rich. White, Tho. Turner, John Dodge, Ben. Hawkins, Fra. Lydston, Hugh Palmer, Edw. Evans, John Poole, Tho. Jope, Jos. Cheeke, JValter Langsford, Rob. Tristram, Robert,

William Hull.

In the next place, Witnesses were called, to the Partiality of the Mayor and Aldermen, and their Design in making Freemen.

Henry Sparke said, that he had heard some of the Aldermen say, they would make none free, but who should vote against Mr. Hele.

John Peirce said, that Alderman Martin, about Six Weeks before the Election, offered him his Freedom, if he would vote against Mr. Hele.

Tho. Perryman said, he asked Mr. Treby, why he made so many Strangers free; and he told him, he would make more, if they were not enough.

Agnes Huntsman said, that there were about 20 Freemen at Dinner at Mr. Aldwyris, about a Fortnight before the Election; and that she saw her Mistress change Two G uineas for Mr. Edgcombe and Mr. Terr owe, after Dinner; and she saw Mr. Edgcombe, put a Crown into one Lang's Hand, and another Crown into the Hands of another, that dined there; and, when the Reckoning was collected, P p they

5°

28° Januarii. A. 1702.

they all paid Crowns a-piece; whereas some of them, she believes, were not worth a Crown; and Mr. Crocker then said, " What we have done now, they can't call Bribery." She said further, that she saw Mr. Jervoise put a Crown into the Hands of Roger Crossman, another of them that dined there; and said, he hoped, he would vote for him.

Tho. Freest/ said, that Alderman asked him for

his Vote, and told him, if he would vote for Mr. and Mr. Edgcombe, there was to$. for him: That he took

the 10 s. and was to give an Answer in Three Days. He said, afterwards Mrs. Aldwiti asked him to vote for the Sitting Members, and offered him a Guinea; and Mr.

Alduin coming in, said, what his Wife had promised, he would make good.

In Answer to this Evidence, the Sitting Members Counsel called

Diana Bunsole; who said, That Thomas was

her Father-in-law; and that she knew Mr. owed

him 20 s.and she heard Freest) say, he had received 10 of him: That Freest) told her, he had promised to vote for Mr. Hole, if Mr. Roche would pay a Debt of 18/. he owed to one Lee; and that he had some Place in the Prize Office, which was procured for him by Mr. Hele and Mr. Roches means.

Mary Frecsy said, that, about a Week before the Election, Mrs. Aldwinseut for her, and pressed her to persuade lier Husband to vote for the Sitting Members, and she would give her 5 /. and allow her a Year's Rent in one of her Houses.

That the Petitioners Counsel excepted to Eight others, who lived some Distance from the Town, and had been made free within 2 or 3 Years; viz. Philip Avant, Hugh Price, Tho. Edwards, John Dunning, Mr.

Wroth, James Leer, Mr. PhCrocker, Rich. chetts.

That the Sitting Members Counsel, in Answer to this Evidence, alledged, that the making neither the 8, nor

o o '

the 17, free, was done with any Regard to the Sitting Members; and that the Petitioners, and their Agents, had been guilty of Treating, and other indirect Practices: To which they called several Witnesses.

Andrew Davy said, that formerly there was a Yarn Market in Plimpton; and that these Men were

great Traders in the Woollen Manufacture; and they hoped, the making these Men free would be of some Advantage, in the Recovery of that Trade: But being asked to name such, as were considerable Traders in the Woollen Manufacture, he could name but one; viz. Tho. Jeffries.

He said, of the Exeter Men, that were made free, Mr. Rich. Wood voted for both the Petitioners, and Mr. Car-heel'and Mr. Evans voted for Mr. Hele; and that they were not objected to.

Mr. Pollexfen said, that about the 1 oth of April, there

being a Discourse of a new Parliament, the Town proposed to him, to chuse his Son, and wrote a Letter to him upon that Occasion: That, in July, going thro' the Town, some of the Aldermen acquainted him, they intended to chuse Mr. Jervoise and Air. Edgcombe, Mr. Hele having disobliged them, liecause he would not be satisfied to be chose himself, unless he might bring in, whom he pleased, with him.

Tho. Watts said, that, before the last Election, he was drinking with Brooking, and others, and was sent for by Mr. Hele; and, when he came, Mr. Hele asked him for his Vote; and that, telling Mr. Hele, he was under some Confinement, by reason that he owed Mr. Waltham 30 s. Mr. Hele bill him not trouble himself, for, if he would vote for him, he would take it off; and that he voted for Mr. Hele upon this Promise; but Mr. Waltham, since Christmas, had sent for the Money. He said, this was spoke, when Mrs. Wa It ham and Mrs. Sparks were present, and in a little Room; but Mr. Hele whispered to him; and Mr. Hele said, he had ordered Lux to give them what Drink they would; and that there was drinking with him, besides Brooking, Wa. Warren, Arthur Cook, Tho.

sey, Roger Hingston, and Henry Brooking; and he saw no Money then paid: And that Mr. Rock told Freesey, if he would vote for Mr. Hele, he would take care of him, and his Family; and that Frecsy afterwards told him, Mr. Roch had helped him to his Place in the Prize Office, and, he believed, any of Mr. Hele's Friends might have the like: And Freesy owned, he had a Place by Mr. Roche's means.

That then, at the Instance of the Petitioner's Counsel, Watts was confronted by Mrs. Waltham and Mrs. Sparks. Mrs. Waltham said, she was present most of the Time, and heard Mr. Hele ask Watts for his Vote, but heard nothing said of Mr. Hole's paying Waltham's Money; but Mrs. Waltham told Watts of the Money he borrowed, and Watts said, he was ready to pay it, if she had his Note; and that there was a Discourse between them, of Watts having Air. Hele's Horse; and that Mrs. Sparkes heard

some of the Discourse. Airs. Sparkes said, she heard nothing said by Mr. Hele, of his paying the 30.?. to Waltham; but that Watts said, he was poor, and asked Afoney of Mr. Hele;and said, there was some Discourse of Watts

having Mr. Hole's Horse; which Watts said, he remembered nothing of.

Walter Bishop said, that Air. Hele sent for him, the Day after the Election, to Mr. Waltham's House, and asked him, if he saw Mr. Edgcomb's Man give Brooking a Guinea; which, he said, he knew nothing of:‘And Air. Hele shewed him 7 or 8 Guineas, saying, he might have them, if he would say so; but he told him, he would not for 1,000/: And that afterwards he was drinking with John Vcale, and another, and was pressed by them to the same Purpose; and Henry Spark threw down Money for the Reckoning; and that he has been in the same manner pressed by Waltham, and others, since.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Richard Edgcombe, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Plimpton, in the County of Devon.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Thomas Jervoise, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess, to serve iu Parliament for the said Borough of Plimpton.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Richard Hele, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve' in Parliament for the said Borough of Plympton.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That the Right of electing Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Plympton, in the County of Devon, is in the'Mayor, Bab lift, and Freemen, of the said Borough, and in the Sons of Freemen, who have a Right to demand their Freedom, and have been refused the same.

The 2d Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Richard Edgcomb, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Plympton, in the County of Devon.

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Yeasj } ,57.

84.

rp u c xr fSir hdm 1

fellers for the Noes,< ., '

T Mr. Crape:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The 3d Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree

with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That Thomas

Jervoise, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess, to serve

in Parliament for the said Borough of Plympton;

The.House divided:

The Noes go forth: *

Tellers

Resumption of Grants.

Hour's

Estate.

Erie's Interest in Bank Stock.

Ditto.

i Ann. 28° — 29 151

c

Tellers for the Yeas, Mr Gldtlm:

Sir Willoughby

138.

Tellers for the Noes f r‘ Wal>

leuers, for tue rsoes Mr Mo j 4'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The 4th Resolution being read a Second time.

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee, in the 9aid Resolution, That Richard Hele, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

To,to for the Ye., J X"WwM.

Tellers for the Noes

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Proceedings of the Mayor and Corporation of the Borough of Plympton, in the County of Devon, in making Freemen, after the Death of his late Majesty, to vote at the last Election, was illegal, and contrary to the Rights of the said Corporation; and that those Freemen, then pretended to be made, have not thereby obtained any Right to vote, upon that Account, in any future Elections;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

}.3

95-

48.

Tellers for the Noes.fi j JV te

'{_AIr. Mo

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the Borough of Plympton, in the County of Devon, by rasing out the Name of Thomas Esquire, and

inserting instead thereof Richard Hele, Esquire.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for resuming such Grants, as are therein mentioned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 29° d Januarii', Anno primoAnn® Regina. Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Executrix of James , Esquire, deceased, to pay a Sum of Money, in Discharge of a Trust in her reposed by his Will, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, from the I-ords, intituled, An Act to enable the Executors and Trustees of Sir to transfer to Thomas Erie, Esquire, Eight hundred Pounds, Capital Stock in the Bank of England, in order for the Payment of the just Debts of the said Thomas Erie, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel Stringer, Major-general Earl, Mr. Pudsey, Mr. Crosse, Sir John Bland, Sir Wm.Hustler, Mr. Mr. Tuck, Mr. Btofield, Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. Naylor, Sir John Mordant, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Roberts, Sir Robert Edon, Mr. Freeman, Sir Wm.Drake, Mr. Clark, Lord Co-tiingshy, Sir Walt. Clarges, Mr. Mr. Wild;

and all, that serve for the Counties of Wilts and Dorset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at l ive a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of BcnjamincBaily, and others, was pre-

sented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the V or. 14.

Bill, to enable the Executors and Trustees of Sir Cha.

Raleigh to transfer to Tho. Erie, Esquire, 800l. Capital Stock in the Bank of England, in order for the Payment of the just Debts of the said Tho. Erie, will be very prejudicial to the Petitioners, who are most of the Creditors of the said Tho. Erie: And praying, that they may be heard by Counsel, before the passing of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Butler's for setting aside a Settlement, in order that William But- Instate. ler may have a good Conveyance of Lands from Raphael Whistler, according to Articles agreed on, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Samuel Garrard, Sir Fra. Massam, Sir Wm.Hustler, Mr. Soames, Sir Wm. Drake, Mr. Verney, Mr. Blofield, Mr. Thompson, Six John Parsons, Mr. Gery, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Harley, Mr. Renda, Mr. Crosse, Mr. Hunger-ford, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Pemberton, Mr.

Bertie, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Drake, Mr. Mansell, Sir Robert Edon, Sir Nicholas Pelham, Mr. Eyres, Mr. Shackerly,

Sir John Kay, Mr. Stringer, Mr. Naylor, Sir John Kay,

Mr. Pigott; and all, that serve for the Counties of Berks and Bucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Eyres reported from the Committee, to whom the Caldicot's ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Estate, raising One thousand Five hundred Pounds, by Mortgage of Lands in the County of Dorset, for Payment of Debts, and for a further Provision and Maintenance for the younger Children of Philip Caldicot, Esquire, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations therein, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

A Petition of Colonel Benjamine Colonel Rich- Army Debt

ard Ingoldsby, Captain Wm.-Elide, and Captain in

behalf. . themselves, Officers, and Companies, in New York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that in 1694, his late Majesty added Two new Companies; of 100 Men each, to the Forces at New York; which Service was performed, but with great Loss to the Officers, who, for want of regular Subsistence, were obliged to contract great Debts, to support their Men, and, upon Death, or Desertion, it generally cost them from 4/. to 6/. a Man to raise others: That the Petitioners applied to the Lord Ranelagh, to transmit their Accounts to the Commissioners of Accounts for the Army; but his Lordship said, he could not proceed therein, for want of Muster-rolls: That the Muster-rolls were regularly taken before the Magistrates at New York, and sent i'or England; but, if they have miscarried, 'tis hoped, that Misfortune won't be deemed a Fault of theirs, the whole Army, whilst in Flanders, being allowed complete, without Muster-rolls, in Consideration of the great Loss and Charge they were at in recruiting; and the Petitioners have been at much greater: And praying, that a Clause may be inserted in the Bill, for reviving and continuing the Act, for appointing Commissioners, to take, examine, and determine, the Debts due to the Army, Navy, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes, taken during the late War, to enable the said Commissioners to take and examine the Accounts of the Petitioners, and their Companies, complete, without Muster-rolls.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Corpmittee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

The Clerk of the Crown attended, and (according to

Order)

152 290 Janu. 1702.

Plympton Order) amended the Return for the Borough of UnSed. 1,1 lhe C°Unty of DeV0>l-

Woollen Ma- Mr. Clayton reported from the Committee, to whom miiactures. the Bill, for the more effectual preventing the Abuses, and Frauds, of Persons, employed in working up the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, and Cotton, Manufactures, of this Kingdom, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where . once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put [«] thereupon, agreed unto by the House j and another Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Resumption A Petition of Maynherd Duke of and of Grants, ster was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, soon after the late Resolution, this House voted 100,000l. for the Support of the Honour of the Petitioner's Father, and Family; and his late Majesty acquainted the House, that he had taken care, that 5,000l. per Annum should be settled on the Petitioner's Father, and his Heirs, in Land: which was not done, but, in lieu thereof, his said Majesty allowed 4/. per Cent, and afterwards 5 per Cent, payable out of the Revenue of the Post Office, as an Interest, until the Principal should be paid: And praying, that a saving Clause, for the Petitioner, may be inserted in the Bill, now depending in the House, for resuming such Grants, as are therein mentioned.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Army Debts. A Petition of several of the Captains and Officers, and Widows of Officers, serving in the late French Regiment, commanded by major-general la disbanded in

Ireland, in Murch, 1 698, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that they cannot get of their said Colonel, either their Subsistence, or Arrears, or Accounts stated in the English Method; and, in Consideration of the Petitioners Grievances, the House of Commons, 15 March, 1700, referred it to the then Commissioners of Accounts, for the Army, to state the Fact to the House; but that Commission soon after expiring, no Report was made; and, upon the 27th of May following, the House ordered, that the Committee, for the Bill, for stating the publick Accounts, should receive a Clause, to make Provision for the Accounts of the Regiments, disbanded in Ireland", but that Bill did not pass into a Law; whereby the Petitioners have been frustrated of the Justice, intended them by the House: And praying, that a Clause may be inserted in the Bill, for reviving and continuing the Act, for appointing Commissioners, to take, examine, and determine, the Debts, due to the Army, Navy, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes, taken during the late War, whereby the Petitioners Accounts may be stated, or be otherwise relieved, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Debt for The House being informed, that Mr. Morrice, one of Transport the late Commissioners, to take, exatniue, and determine, Service. the Debts, due to the Army, Navy, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes, taken during the late War, attended, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House the said Commissioners Report, upon the Petition of John de Grave and Fran. in behalf of themselves, and others, Owners of the Seven Sail of Ships, taken up and hired by the Commissioners of Transport, to carry Provisions to Naofoundland, for Relief of his late Majesty's Forces there, presented to the House the 12th Instant

[aj " read, Orig.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Report, being read, is as followeth; viz.

1N ()bedienoe to an Order of Reference from the honourable House of Commons, of the 12th Instant, received the 26th, upon the Petition of John Degrave and Francis Minshull, in behalf of themselves, and others, Owners of the Seven Sail of Ships, taken up and hired by the Commissioners of Transport to carry Provisions for Nmfound-land, for Relief of his late Majesty's Forces there; We the late Commissioners, appointed to take, examine, and determine, the Debts, due to the Army, Sec. having examined the Allegations in the said Petition, do humbly report the Matter of Fact to be, as followeth; viz.

That the Commissioners of Transportation laid before us an Account of the Arrears, due only to the six Ship under-written, hired by them in the Year 1697, for transporting Provisions to Newfoundland, amounting to the Sum of 4,581 /. 17 s.9 d.

Ships Names. Masters. Arrears due.

£ s. d.

1. John and William, Ben. Holman, 2,697 0 0

2. Burlington, Geo. Stevens, 1,170 0 0

3. Hart, John Dudley, 189 1 0

4, Agreement, fames Young, 287 10 0

5. Seventh Son, fa. Perryman, 133 9 3

6. Anthony, Samuel Roberts, 104 7 6

4,58» »7 9

That no Interest was agreed for by the Charter-parties, but the Freight to be paid out of some publick Fund, granted by Parliament the Sessions preceding the said Agreement.

After examining the said Accounts, we issued Debentures for the first Four of the said Ships, in the Year 1700, as we were ready to do for the other Two, if they had been called for, according to the publick Notices, frequently given for that Purpose.

Tho. Morrice,

Govetit Garden,28 Jan. Atkins,

1702-3. Geo. Langton,

Tho. Lister.

Resolved, That the said Petition be rejected, as frivolous, and groundless.

Mr. Lmcndes(according to Order) presented to the Irish

House a Bill, for advancing the Sale of the forfeited Estates Forfeiture , in Ireland, and for securing such, as shall remain unsold or undisposed by the present Trustees, for the Purposes intended by the late Acts concerning the same: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill, to enable her Majesty to settle the Lands and Savoy Revenues of the late dissolved Hospital of the Savoy, to Revenue , such charitable and publick Uses, as are therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Hedges, Sir JohnLevison Goru er, Sir Cha. Musgrave, Mr.

Curson, Mr. Gape, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Halsey, Mr.

Lord Chenie, Mr. Webb, Sir John Kay, Mr.

Mr. Freeman, Colonel Crawford, Mr. Bromley, Mr.

Eyres, Mr. Harcourt, Mr. Dormer, Sir Phil. Sidenham,

Mr. Price, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. Hooker, Mr. Crosse,

Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. Brewer, M r. Lloyd, Sir Wa. Clarges,

Mr. Masters, Mr. Gauntlet, Mr. Topham, Sir Hum.

Mackuvrth, Mr. Cox, Mr. Oglethorp, Mr. Sayer, Mr.

Stanwiv: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Lmcndes (according to Order) presented to the Grants ioc« House, An Account of all Grants, made since the 13th >88 of Feb. 1688, to whom made, and for whose Benefit, so far as the Trusts are known to him; and of the Warrants, by which they w ere passed.

And

i Ann. 29 Januarii.- 153

And the Title thereof was read".

And the said Account is, as followeth; viz.

A Grant unto Richard Lord and his Assigns, of a Moiety of the clear Profits, which shall accrue to his Majesty, during the last Eight Years of a Term of 14 Years, granted by the late King James to Sir Robert Clark, and others, for the Benefit of certain Inventions for the extracting of metalline Bodies, particularly Gold, Silver, Copper, Lead, and Tin; reserving the Kent of 13 j. 4 d.per Annum.

Warrant signed, William R. dated the 10th of April, 1689; countersigned, MDelamer, Hen. Capell.

A Grant unto the Lord Bishop of St. Asapk, his Majesty's High Almoner, of all and singular the Goods and Chattels, Debts, #c. of all Felons de se, and of Dcodands, which are already, or shall become, forfeited to his Majesty, within this Kingdom.

Warrant signed William dated the 24th April, 1689; countersigned, Godolphin, Hen. Capell, Rich. Hampden.

A Grant unto William Earl of Portland, his Heirs and Assigns for ever, of Theobald's House, and the late Park, or inclosed Ground, called Theobald's Park, with the Appurtenances, in the County of Hertford, with all Arrears of Rent, and Profits of the Premises, since the Death of Christopher late Duke of Albemarle; which Premises, for want of Heirs Male of the Body of the said Duke, fell to the Crown.

Warrant signed, William R. dated the 1st May, 1689; countersigned, Monmouth, Delamer, Godolphin. Hen. Capell, Richard Hampden.

A Grant and Demise unto Tho. Preston, Esquire, of the Site of the late dissolved Monastry of and other

Lands, in the County of Lancaster, for a further Term of 21 Years, from Lady-day, 1689, at 200l. per Annum Bent, being before leased to him, in the 35 Year of King Charles the 2d, for 7 Years, at 400l. per Annum Rent.

Warrant signed, William R. dated the 13th May, 1689; countersigned, Monmouth, Hen. Capell, Richard Hampden.

A Grant unto Siamuel Clark, Esquire, of 390/. per Annum Pension, out of the Revenue of the Customs, during Pleasure.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 28th May, 1689; countersigned, Godolphin, Capell, Rich. Hampden.

A Grant unto George Tuthill, of Exon, Merchant, of loo/, per Annum out of the Customs of that Port, from Lady-day, 1689, during Pleasure.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 18th June, 1689; countersigned, Godolphin, Henry Capell, Richard Hampden.

A Grant of 50 /. per Annum, for the Benefit of King Charles the Firsts Hospital, and 50/. per Annum, for the Poor of St.Margaret's, Westminster, out of the Exchequer, from Christmas, 1688, during Pleasure.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 1 ith June, 1689; countersigned, Godolphin, Hen. Capell,

Hampden.

A like Grant of 100l. per Annum, for the Benefit of the Poor of St. Martin's.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 18th June, 1689; countersigned, Godolphin, Hen, Capell, Rich. Hampden.

A Grant unto Christopher Vane, Esquire, and the Heirs Male of his Body, of the Office of Master-fojrester, and chief Warden of all his Majesty's Forests and Ch&ces within the Lordship of Bernard's Castle, in the County of Durham, and of chief Keeper of the Forest of and Chace of Maru ood, in the same County.

Warrant signed, William dated i»t May, 1689; countersigned, Godolphin, Hen. Capell, Richard Hampden.

A Grant unto Thomas Hyde, and Elis, his Wife, and the Survivor of them, of 5 per Appum Pension, out of the Customs in the Port of Poole, during Pleasure.

Vo t. 14.

Warrant signed, William R dated 31 July, V689; Grants countersigned, Delamer, Monmouth, Her\ry Capell, 688. Richard Hampden.

A Grant unto Derick Storck, his Majesty's- Body Coachman, of all Customs, Subsidies, and Impositions, arisen, or to arise, since the 13 Ftbr 1689. upon the Importat:on of any Coach-horses, __ Coach-mares, or Coach-geldings, during Pleasure.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 20 August, 1689; countersigned, Monmouth, Delamer, Godolphin,

Hen. Capell, Rich. Hampden.

A Grant unto Charles Earl of Monmouth, of the Office of Water-bailiff, for the River Scverne, and Creeks ana Harbours therein, with the Jettagq and Plottage thereof,

Right of Fishing, and all Fines, and Amerciaments, and other Profits, thereto belonging; to hold for 99 Years, from the 9th of August, 1689, at id. per Annum Rent

A. Grant unto the Bishop of Chester, for the Use of tbq Four itinerant Preachers in Lancashire, of 20 per Annum, during Pleasure, charged on the Rent of 2001. per Annum, reserved to his Majesty upon thp Lease oif the Site of the late dissolved Monastry of Farnesse, granted to Mr. Preston.

Warrant signed, William R. dated the 5th of February,

1689; countersigned, Monmouth, Hen. Capell, Richard Hampden.

A Grant unto William Lord Bishop of St. Asaph, his Majesty's Almoner, of several forfeited Recognizances, amounting to 4,400l. entered into by Jasper Grant, and others, and lately estreated into the Exchequer; to hold for the same Uses and Purposes, for which Goods and Chattels of Felons are granted to the said Lord Almoner.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 12th Feb. 1689; countersigned, Godolphin, Hen. Capell, Rich. Hampden.

A Grant unto Walter Whitfield, and others, of one 3d of a 1 oth Part, bglpnging to his Majesty, of all Ships, Monies, Vessels, and other Things, as have been taken from the Mogul, apd his Nabob of Decca, of which thq East India Company, apd others concerned, were to givq a full Account.

Warrant signed, William R. dated \pth Feb

1689; countersigned, Delamer, Godolphin, Henry Capell.

A Giant, unto John Cook, of several Debts, and Judgments, recovered by, and belonging to, GY©., Rodney, late of Lindhurst, in the County of Esquire,

the said Rodney being outlawed at the Suit of the said Mr. Cook.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 12th Feb. t689; countersigned, Delamer, Godolphin,

Capell.

A Grant unto Henry Lord Delamere, of several Lands and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Monmouth, and Hereford, of the yearly Value of 459/. with the several Sums of 300l. and 1QL all found, by Inquisition, to bet Settled uppn popish and superstitious Uses; habentT thq Money, without Account, and such Pqrts of the Lands, gnd Premises, which are Feersimple, or held for any Term of Years, to endure for 31 Years, and move for the Term of 31 Years, from the making of this Grant; and to hold such other Parts, which are held for Life, or Lives, or determinable upop the Death of any Person, or Persons, without Issue, for the Term of 31 Years, if such Interest -respectively shall so long continue; and to hold such other Parts of the said Lands, and Premises, as are held for any Term, less than 31 Years, during the Continuance of sucq Terms; paying 51, per Annum into the Exchequer.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 29th January, 1689; countersigned, Godolphin, Hen.

Richard Hampden-

A G rant to George Watson, Esquire, of a certain Space or Parcel of Land, called the Sea Valley, or Beach, and all Buildings thereupon, in the County of Kent; touching which an Inquisition was lately found, and returned into the Court of Exchequer: Habend' for 61 Years, at 6s. 8

Qq pe?

Grants

1688.

154 2q° Januarii. A. 1702.

since per Annum Rent; with a Clause, fer the Lease to cease lor so much of the Premises, as shall not be recovered in seven \ ears time.

Warrant signed, William dated 20 Jan. >689; countersigned, Godolphin Harry Rich.

Hampden.

A Grant, or Demise, unto Richard Earl of of a Piece of Ground, and the Mansion-house thereon built, with the Appurtenances, in the Tenure of the said Earl, and lying hear the Royal Hospital at , for the Term of 01 Years, at 15/.7 6d. per Annum,

payable lor the Use of the said Hospital.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 26 Mar. 1690; countersigned, Rich. Steph. Fox, Tho.

Pelham.

A G rant unto Arthur Earl of Torrington, and his Heirs, of 10,000 Acres, or thereabouts, in Peterborough or Bedford Levell,to take Effect immediately after the Decease of the late Queen Mary., Consort of the late King Janies, or other sooner Determination of the Estate of her T rustees therein, in case the Grant to them be valid in Law; but if the same be not valid, then to hold immediately from the making of this Grant; at 13$. 4 per Annum Rent.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 30 Apr. 1690; countersigned, John Lowther, Richard Hampden, Steph. Fox. Tho. Pelham.

A Grant unto the Lord William of the Revenues and Profits of the Green Wax of the Exchequer;

habend.' for 14 Years, at 500l. per Annum Rent, payable into the Exchequer, with a Proviso, that if the said Revenue should make more than 3,000l. per Annum, the Lessee is to render {th Parts of the Overplus to the Crown.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 1st May, 1C90; countersigned, John Lowther, Steph. Fox, Rich. Hampden.

A Grant, to her Royal Highness the Princess Am of Denmark, of 20,000l. per Annum out of the Excise, during her Life, with a Limitation of 8,000l. Part thereof, after her Decease, to the Prince of Denmark, for his Life, and the remaining 12,000l. per Annum in Trust, for the Issue of the said Princess, and, after the Death of the Prince, and Princess, the whole to go to the said Issue, during the Life of his Majesty.

Warrant signed, William R. dated *

A Grant unto Sir John E his Heirs and Assigns, of 14 Messuages, with their Appurtenances, in Queen-street, in the City of London, late the Estate of William Harcourt, alias Harrison, attainted of High Treason, and all Arrearages of Rent, due for the same; rendering 6s. 8 d.per Annum.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 14 May, 1690; countersigned, Rich. Hampden, Steph. Fox, Tho. Pelham.

A Grant unto Henry Duke of Grafton, his Heirs and Assigns, of the West Wing, and Part of the East Wing, of the Mansion-house, called Berkshire House, alias Cleaveland House, and several Pieces and Parcels of Ground thereunto adjoining, and the Stables, and other Buildings, thereupon erected, with their Appurtenances; reserving the Rent of 13 s.and payable at Michaelmas yearly.

A Grant unto Charles Earl of Monmouth, and his Heirs, of the Manor of Dantscy, and Hundred of Chippenham, and Premises to them belonging, in the County of Wilts, and also all the forfeited Estate, late of Sir John Danvers to take Effect from the Death of the Queen Consort of the late King James, if the Grant, made of the Premises, in Trust for her, be valid; and, if the same be not valid, to hold immediately from the making of this Grant; at 300l. per Annum Rent.

Warrant signed, William R. dated ad June, 1690; countersigned, John Steph. Fox, Tho.

Pelham.

A Grant unto Samuel Richardson, of Gold-

smith, of 308/. o#. 10 d.assigned to him by John Hind and John Toplady, which was levied upon the Estates of John and Tho.Temple, in the County of Devon, in Aid

of the said Hind and Toplady, to whom the said Temples were indebted.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 2d June, 90; countersigned, John Lowther, Steph. Fox, tho. Pelham.

A Grant unto Sir Stephen Thompson, Knight, of all Sums of Money, due to his Majesty upon Bonds, entered into by Elizabeth Marshall, for Performance of certain Covenants, so far as the same shall concern her Estate; but not to molest the Sureties, whom his Majesty is pleased to discharge.

A Grant, to John Earl of Clare, of so many Trees, to be felled, in Sheiwood Forest, not fit for the N'avy, as may raise 1,500l. towards building his House at and making a Park there.

Warrants signed, William R. dated nth July, 1690; countersigned, John Lowther, Richard Hampden, Step. Fox, Tho. Pelham.

A Grant unto Robert Nott, Esquire, and George White, Merchant, of Part of the extended Estate of 'Iho. Price, of London, Goldsmith, being Persons nominated by Arnold Browne, to whom the said was indebted; to hold for such Estate and Interest, as his Majesty had therein by reason of the said Extents.

Warrant signed, William dated 17th Sept, ifioo; countersigned, John Lowther, Richard Hampden, Steph. Fox, Tho. Pelham.

A Grant to Sir Rich. Standish, Baronet, and others, in

Trust for the Vicar of Leland, for the Time being, and in Augmentation of the said Vicarage, of a Messuage, called Leland-Hail, with the Appurtenances, in the County of Lancaster, formerly the Inlieritance of Char-

nock, and settled to superstitious Uses.

Warrant signed, William R.dated 12th Nov. 1690; countersigned, John Lowther, Steph. Fox, tho. Pelham.

A Grant unto Alexander Bozier, and his Heirs, of seven Messuages, with their Appurtenances, in Alley and Bedjord-bttry, in the Parish of St. Martins in the Fields, which were the Possessions and Inheritance of Ann Burlace, deceased, and devised to superstitious Uses; at 6$. 8 d.per Annum Rent.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 29 Oct. 1690; countersigned, John Lmvther, Steph. Fox, tho. Pelham.

A Grant unto Sir Tho. Wilbraham, his Heirs, and Assigns, of the Reversion, in the Crown, of the Lordship and Manors of Longdondale and Mottram, with their Appurtenances, in the County of Chester, under the yearly Rents formerly reserved lor the same, after the Determination of the Estate Tail therein, granted by the late Queen Maty to Richard Wilbraham, Esquire, and the Heirs Male of his Body.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 17th December, 1690; countersigned, Godolphin, Steph. Fox, Tho. Pelham.

A Grant unto John Penneck, Gentleman, of all Tin Mines within the Manor of and Hundred of

Petrockshire, in the County of Cornwall; to hold the same for the Term of 19 Years and an Half, to commence from the Expiration of a Term of 31 Years thereof, granted by the late King Charles the 2d to Sidney Godolphin, Esquire, now Lord Godolphin; rendering one Tenth Part of what shall be recovered, clear of all Charges.

A Grant unto John Pennock, Gentleman, of the Manor

of Ryalton, and Hundred of Pain the County of Cornwall, with a reserved Rent of 120/. per Annum, payable out of the same; to hold for 99 Years, from the Date of this Grant, to be concurrent with the several Terms, or Interests, of the now Queen Dowager, and the late Queen Mary, Consort of the late King James, therein, at the Rent of 120/. per Annum, payable, when the Grantee, his Executors, or Assigns, shall be entitled to receive the Rents and Profits of the Premises.

Warrant- signed, William R. dated 24 December,

1690; countersigned, John Rich. Hamp-

den, Steph. Fox, Tho. Pelham.

A Grant,

i Ann. 29° Januarii. 155

A Grant, unto Thomas Marquis of Carmarthen, of the yearly Rent or Sum of 3,500l. payable out of the Revenue of the Post Office, for the Term of 21 Years, from Christmas, 1 (>90.

Warrant signed, Marie dated 5th May, 1691; countersigned, Go dolphin, John Rich.

Hampden, Ste. Fox, ThPelham.

A Grant, unto Edzcard Thompson, of the Office of registering all Servants, that shall go voluntarily, or be sent to his Majesty's Plantations in America, for 21 Years, with all Pees thereunto belonging.

A Grant, unto Derick Stork, of the Market of selling Hay, near Pickadi/ly,in the County of Middlesex; ha-

bend' lor 99 Years, with the Tolls thereunto belonging.

A Grant, or Confirmation, to the Earl of Bath, of 5,000l. per Annum, granted him by Letters Patents of King Charles the 2d; with Directions, for paying one Moiety thereof out of the Revenue of the Post Office, and the other Moiety out of the First Fruits and Tenths, during his Life: This in Consideration of a Surrender of the Sum of 20,000l. Arrears, owing thereupon.

Warrant signed, Marie R. dated "th July, 1691;

countersigned Godolphin, John Lout her, Rich. Hampden, Steph. Fox, Tho. Pelham.

A Grant, unto William G and his Heirs, of the

Power of laying Water-pipes in several Parishes within the Borough of Southzcark, and Liberties thereof, for the Benefit of the Inhabitants there, front Water-works in

Southzcark,belonging to the said Gulston.

A Grant, unto Francis Strut, and his Heirs, of a Messuage, and Lands, in the Parish of Ashbame, in the County of Derby, then of the improved Value of 120/. per Annum, and of all Arrearages, and mesne Profits, of the Premises, at the Rent of 50/. per Annum, payable to the Vicar of Newark, for the Time being, in Augmenta-

tion to the said Vicarage; the same Messuages, and Lands, being the Estate of ThornasEyre, Esquire, who was seised thereof, in Trust, for superstitious Uses.

Warrant signed, Marie R. dated 14 August, 1691;

countersigned, John Lowther, Richard Hampden, Steph. Fox.

A Grant to Thomas Neal, Esquire, in Consideration of 500l. paid into the Exchequer, of a Moiety of a 5 th Part, reserved to the Crown, upon a Grant before made to Philip Ford, Merchant, of all Wrecks, to be taken up before Michaelmas, 1695, on or near the English Coast, from the North Foreland to the Westward of the Lizard, including the Seas and Banks near the Island of as likewise a Grant of all Wrecks, to be taken up by the said Mr. Neale, or his Assigns, between Michaelmas, 1695, and Michaelmas, 1702, in the Places aforesaid, reserving a 10th Part to his Majesty, and a 5th Part to the Lord Godolphin as likewise a Grant of all Wrecks, to be taken up or recovered by him, from Languard Fort to the North Foreland, arid from the Land's End to the Bar of Barnstable, at or before Michaelmas, 1702, reserving one Tenth Part to his Majesty, clear of all Charges.

Warrants signed, Marie R. dated 2 2 Sept. 1691; countersigned, Godolphin, John Lowther, 'Dio. Pelham.

A Grant, to the said Tho. Neale, of all Minerals, Alines, Ores, and Metals, belonging to his Majesty, within the Colony of Virginece, for 31 Years, reserving a 10th to his Majesty.

Warrant signed, Marie; dated 15 Sept. 1691; countersigned, Godolphin, Steph. Fox, Tho. Pelham.,

A Grant to John late Archbishop of Canterbury, of the Temporalities of that Bishoprick, accruing between St. Andrew the Apostle last, exclusive, and the 11 th July, 1691.

Warrant signed, Marie R. dated 9 October, 1691; countersigned, Godolphin, John Lowther, Rich. Hampden, Step. Fox. Tho. Pelham.

A Grant, to the Dean and Chapter of Worcester, of all Deodands, Felons Goods, and Goods of Felons themselves, happening in several Manors in the County of Gloucester, and Munor of Overberrow, in the County of Hereford, with a Release of what has been heretofore received by them, and their Predecessors.

Vol. 14.

A Grant, unto John Stileman, at the Request of the Grant start Earl of Oxford, of the Estate, both real and personal, »<3S8. of John Cook, Gentleman, lately attainted of Felony and

Murder.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 21 Oct. 91; countersigned, John Lordlier, Richard Hampden, Steph.

Fox, Tho. Pelham.

A Grant, to Simon Lord Bishop of Ely, of the Temporalities of that Bishoprick, between the Feast of St.

Andrew\ 1690, and the 17th July, 1691.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 11th November,

1691; countersigned Godolphin, John Load her,

Steph. Fox, Tho.Pelham.

A Grant, unto Sir Stephen Fox, of a Messuage, in his Possession, in Whitehall, for 42 Years, at 6s. 8 per Annum Rent; with a Clause of Re-assumption, on Payment of 2,000l.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 11 Novem. 1691; countersigned, Godolphin, John Lowther, Rich.

Hampden, Tho. Pelham.

A Grant to John Dutton Colt, Collector of Bristol, of

1,2.54/. u. 9</. out of the Composition-money, to be paid by Samuel Packer, and others, on account of the Nonpayment of the Customs for certain Parcels of Tobacco, as they ought to have done: This in Consideration of Colt's good Services performed therein.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 2d December, 1691;

countersigned, Richard Hampden, Steph. F

Pelham.

A Grant, to Richard Ix>rd Bishop of Bath and Wells, of the Temporalities of that Bishoprick, between the Feast of St.Andrew the Apostle, 1090, and his Lordships

Grant of Restitution to the stime.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 20th Jan. 1691; countersigned, Godolphin, John Lozcther, Richard Hampden.

A Grant to Tho. Neale, Esquire, of the Power of establishing a Post Office in his Majesty's Islands and Colonies in America, for 21 Years, at G$. 8<7. per Annum Rent.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 30th December,

1691 ;countersigned, Godolphin, John Lowther,

Rich. Hampden, Stephen Fox, Tho. Pelham.

An Authority, under the Privy Seal, to the Surveyor of the Woods, to raise 20,000l. in 7 Years, by the Sale of the scrubbed Beach, Birch, Holly, Hazle, and Orle, in Dean Forest, in the County of Gloucester; that is to say,

2,000l. in one Year, and 3,000l. a Year, for 6 Years afterwards; Part thereof to be laid out for Repairs of several Buildings, according to an Estimate therein contained, and .500l. to be paid to Daniel Osborne, towards rebuilding the Town of Headong, in Yorkshire, consumed by Fire, and 2,500l. to be paid to Henry Guy, Esquire, for secret Services, and the rest into the Exchequer.

Warrant'signed, William R.dated 17 Febr. 1691; countersigned, Godolphin, Richard Hampden, Steph.

Fox, Tho. Pelham.

A Grant, unto Richard Lord Bishop of Peterborough, of the Temporalities of that Bishoprick, between the Feast of St. Andrew, 1690; and his Lordship's Grant of Restitution to the same.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 13 Febr. 1691; countersigned, Godolphin, Rich. Hampden, Steph.

Fox, Tho. Pelham.

A Grant, to Richard Opie, of the Sum of 201/. 13 *

10 \d.due to his Majesty from Thomas Tatmat, late Collector of the Customs in the Port of Poole.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 7th Decemb.

1691; countersigned, Godolphin, Steph. Fox, -Pelham.

A Grant, unto John Lord Bishop of Norzcich, of the Temporalities of that Bishoprick, between the Feast of St. Andrew the Apostle, 1690, and his Lordship's Grant of Restitution to the same.

Warrant signed, William R.dated 17th Febr. 1 dot; countersigned, Godolphin, Richard Hampden, Steph.

Fox, Tho. Pelham.

A Discharge,

ic;6 29 Januarii. A. 1701.

A Discharge, to Robert Earl of , of 7,964

Ounces of gilt and white Plate, delivered to him out of the Jewel Office.

Warrant signed, William. dated 3d March, 1691; countersigned, Godolphin, Rich. Hampden, Steph.

A Grant, to Sir Tho. Chichle of 906 Acres of derelict Lands, lying in, and adjoining to, the Towns of South-cave, Elecker, &c. in the County of York; habend' for 99 Years, at 50/. per Annum Rent, from Lady-day, 1692: This in Consideration of a Release, to the Crown, of a Debt, due to Sir Henry Chichley, Lieutenant-governor of Virginea in the Reign of King Charles the 2d.

Warrant, signed, William It. dated 3 Mar. 1691; countersigned, Godolphin, Rich. Hampden, Steph. Fox.

A Grant, to Captain Christopher Billop, of 900l. 9 6d. due from the Estate of Richard Parry, to answer a Super upon his Account, as Receiver of the Rents of the Lordship of Diffencloyd, and Town of Ruthin, in the County of Denbigh, in the Time of King Charles the 2d.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 17 Febr. 1691; countersigned, Godolphin, Richard Hampden, Steph.

Fox, Tho. Pelham.

A Grant, to Thomas Offley, of one Moiety of what he shall recover of his Majesty's Tenths of Silver, and other Riches, taken up from several Spanish Wrecks, in America, by Persons of his Majesty's Plantations, that have not been answered or accounted for by them to the Crown.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 3 Mar. 1691; countersigned, Godolphin, Rich. Hampden, Steph. Fox.

A Grant unto Patrick Cunningham, James Innas, and 5 others, of all their personal Estate, forfeited to his Majesty by their being convicted of High Treason.

Warrant signed, Marie R. dated 18 March, 1691-2; countersigned, Godolphin, Rich. Hampden, Steph. Fox.

A Grant unto 7'ho. Cheek, and others, at the Nomination of Letitia Russell, Executrix and late Wife of Thomas Cheek, deceased, late Lieutenant of the Tow r of London, of 600l. per Annum, out of the yearly Rent of 1,500l. payable into the Exchequer in Ireland, by Katherine Countess of Dorchester, for certain Quit-rents in that Kingdom, to the Value of 5,000l. per Annum, granted to her by the late.. James, for 99 Years, if she should so long live; habendI' to the said Cheek, for 31 Years, from Lady-day, 1692.

Warrant signed, William R.dated 2d March, 1691-2;

countersigned, Godolphin, Richard , Steph.

Fox.

A Grant, and Conhrmation, to Sir Richard Newdigate, Baronet, his Heirs and Assigns, of the Manor of Astley, with its Appurtenances, in the County of Wanoick, which were heretofore granted by [«] King Philip and Queen Mary to Edward. Chamberlain, and Eliz. his Wife, and the Heirs and Assigns of the said Edward, and came to Sir Richard Newdigate, Father of the aforesaid Sir Richard, by Conveyance and Assurance in the Law, at a Peppercorn Rent, if demanded.

A Grant, and Demise, unto Edward Viscount Fillers, of the Site of the late Monastry of Burnham, with its Appurtenances, in the County of for 99 Years (from the Expiration of a Lease thereof, from King Charles the 2d, to William Samwell, Esquire, for 31 Years, from Michaelmas, 1674) under the yearly Rent of 11/. 18 id.

Warrant signed, Metric R. dated 21 Apr. 1692; countersigned, Richard Hampden, Steph. Fox, Edw. Seymour, Cha. Montague.

A like Grant, to the said Viscount Fillers, of the Manor of West Ashford, in the County of Devon, with its Appurtenances, and also the Advowson of all Churches and Chapels there, for 99 Years (from the Expiration of a Lease, granted by King Charles the 2d to Sir Amias Pollard, for 25 Years, from 1 Apr. 1676) under the yearly Rent of 11/. 18#. 3 d.

Warrant signed, countersigned, and dated, as the last abovesaid.

A Grant unto William Har Esquire, his Heirs and Assigns, of the Office of chief Ranger of St. James'

[a] Sic Orig. " to," Journal.

Park, and the Herbage and Pannage thereof, and the Lops, Tops, and Crops, of all Trees, and of all dead and Windfall Trees, with the Salary of 60/. per Annum, during the Lives of him and Katherine, his Wile, and the Survivor of them.

Warrant signed, Marie R. dated 22 Apr. 1692; countersigned, Godolphin, Rich. Hampden, Step. Fox, Edw. Seymour, Cha. Montague.

A Grant, in Pee, unto James Ward, Esquire, at the Nomination of Tho. Neale, Esquire, and in Consideration of 791/. paid into the Exchequer, of Marsland Close, and the Houses and Lands, thereunto belonging, in the Parish of St. Giles's in the FieUts, in the County of Middlesex, at 3/. per Annum Rent.

Warrant signed, Marie R. dated 1st June, 1692; countersigned, Godolphin, Richard Hampden,

Fox, Edw. Seymour.

A Grant unto Tho. Neal, Esquire, of all Wrecks, to be taken up by him, or his Agents, upon or after the 26 June, 1694, and before the 26th June, 1701, within 20 Leagues of Bermudas.

Warrant signed, countersigned, and dated, as the last above.

A Grant, to the City of London, of Fines and Amerciaments upon Persons convicted for Offences, committed upon the Rivet oil homes and Waters of Medway, in the Courts of Conservancy for the said Rivers, and Waters, and removed, by Certior' out of those Courts into the Kbig's Bench.

Warrant signed Marie R. dated 31 May, 1692; countersigned [6] Godolphin, Rich. Hampden, Stephen Fox, Edward Seymour, Cha. Mountugue.

A Grant unto Tho. Neal, Esquire, of all Wrecks, which shall be taken up by him, or his Agents, at any Time within 7 Years from the Date of this Grant, between Carthagena and Jamaica, and between either of those Places and Havana; preserving a 5th Part to his Majesty.

Warrant signed, Marie R. dated 7 June, 1692; countersigned, Godolphin, Rd. Hampden, Steph. , Cha. Mountague.

A Grant, unto the said Tho. Neale, of all Treasure Trove, to be recovered by him, or his Agents, between the Date of the Grant, and the 26 June, 1701, in the Island called Ireland, near the Island of reserving a 5th Part to his Majesty.

A Grant unto Henry Bishop of London, in Trust for the Lady Viscountess Pur beck, of a Parcel of Plate, to the Value of 500l. which were the Goods of Robert Fielding, Esquire, outlawed for Treason.

Warrant signed, Marie R. dated 31 May, 1692; countersigned, Godolphin, Richard Hampden, Stephen Fox, Edward Seymour, Cha. Mountague.

A Grant to Tho. Neale, Esquire, of all Mioes Royal and all Mines of Lead, Tin, Copper, and all Minerals, and Veins of Salt-petre, within every his Majesty's Plantations and Colonies in America, except as therein excepted; habend" for 51 Years; rendering to his Majesty one 6th Part of all Gold and Silver, and delivering one 6th Part of all Salt-petre into the Office of Ordnance, and rendering one Tenth Part of the clear Profits of all Lead, and other the Premises.

Warrant signed, Marie R. dated 6 August, 1692; countersigned, Godolphin, Rich. Hampden, Cha. Mountague.

A Grant, unto Martin Peckover, of 119/. levied upon the Estate of Edward Pearce, of Whitlingem, in the County of Norfolk, who was outlawed at the Suit of the said

Peckover.

Warrant signed, Marie R. dated 2 Sept. 1692; countersigned, Godolphin, Steph. Fox, Cha. Mdun-tague.

A Grant unto Henry A court, and others, in Consideration of 2,100l. paid into the Exchequer, of the Use and Exercise of the Royal Oak Lottery, and all other lotteries, for 11 Years, from Michaelmas, 1692; under the yearly [A] Sic Orig. " signed," Journal.,

Rent

i Ann. 290 Januariu 157

Rent of 4,200 I.for the first 10 Years and an Half, and a Pepper-corn for the last Half Year.

Warrant signed, Marie R. dated 16 September, 1692; countersigned, Stcph. Fox, Edward , Cha.

Mountague.

A Grant unto Christopher and others (in Consideration of 500l. paid into the Exchequer) of the 10th Part, reserved to his Majesty, of the Wrecks, to be taken up by Mr. Neal, or his Agents, within 20 Leagues of Bermudas, before the 26th June, 1694; and a Moiety of a 5th Part, reserved to his Majesty, of the Wrecks, to be taken up, in the Parts before mentioned, after the 24th June, 1694, and before the 24th June, 1701; pursuant to the Letters Patents in that behalf.

Warrant signed, Marie R. dated 27th September,

1692; countersigned Rich. Hampden,

Edward Seymour, Cha. Mountague.

A Grant, unto Tho. Neal, of a Moiety of a 5th Part, and all the 10th Part, reserved to his Majesty, upon certain Grants to Francis SmarJ'oot, of the Benefit of new Inventions for working in the Sea, to take up Wrecks.

This, being in the same Warrant, is signed, countersigned, and dated, as that to Fowler.

A Grant, and Release, unto the said Tho. Neale, of the Moiety of the 5th Part, reserved to his Majesty, upon the Grant of Treasure Trove in the Island called Ireland, near Bermudas, and of the whole 5th Part of all Wrecks, reserved upon his Grant of Wrecks, to be taken up between Carthagena and Jamaica.

The like.

A Grant, and Confirmation, unto Samuel Reynolds, Esquire, and his Heirs, of the Manor of , in

the County of Hereford, with its Appurtenances, escheated to the Crown, under the same Rents (if any) as were payable before the Time of the Escheat.

Warrant, signed, William R. dated 30 November, 1692; countersigned, RHampden, Steph. Foa\ Cha. Mountague.

A Grant unto Richard Reed, his Heirs and Assigns, of the Messuages, Lands, and Estate, late of Richard Read, of Gobbershill, in the County of Gloucester (which were

found, by Inquisition, to be settled to superstitious Uses) and of the Arrears, and mesne Profits, of the same, under the Rent of Nobles per Annum.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 7 December 1692; countersigned, Rich. Hampden, Steph. Fox, Edward Seymour.

A Grant unto Thomas Bishop of Lincoln, and his Heirs, of a Parcel of Ground, Tabernacle, or Building, near the Parish of St.James's, Westminster, and a Demise,

unto the said Bishop, of a Parcel of Land, adjoining to the said Premises, with all Buildings, erected, or to be erected, thereupon, for Ninety-nine Years, from the 14th of February, 1722, at 20 s.per Annum Rent.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 7 December, 92;

' countersigned, Rich. Hampden, Edw. Seymour, Cha. Mountague.

A Grant unto Philip Howard, Esquire, of a Pension of 400l. per Annum, out of the Rent of the Lotteries, for 11 Years, from Michaelmas, 1692.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 28 December, 92; countersigned, Godolphin, Rich. Hampden, Steph. Fox.

A Grant to Francis Nicholson, and others, and their Heirs, Trustees, for the Benefit of the College to be erectedin Virginea, of 1,925/. 145. 10 of his Majesty's Quit-rents there, and of the One Peny per Pound of Tobacco, put on board of any Vessel within the Colonies of Virginea and Maryland, belonging to the Crown, and of the Office of Surveyor-general of the said Colony, and also of 20,000 Acres of Land in the said Colony; the whole to be applied towards erecting, finishing, and endowing, of the said College; rendering to the Crown Two Copies of Latin Verses by the President and - fosters thereof.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 25 January 1692; countersigned, Rich. Hampden, Stephen Fox, Edw. Seymour, Cha. Mountague.

Vol. 14.

A Grant unto Edward Wigg, Gentleman, of several Sums of Money, amounting to 1,964/. 14s. owing to his Majesty, on the Account of several Receivers in North Wales. '

Warrant signed, William R. dated 4th January, 1692; countersigned, Godolphin Rich. Hampden, Steph. Fox, Edward Seymour, Cha. Mountague.

A Graut to Andrew Corbet, Esquire, of the Power of

making Copper Farthings, for the Term of Nine Years, from Lady-day, 1693, under the yearly Rent of 1,000l.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 8 February, 1602; countersigned, Godolphin, Edward Seymour, Stephen Fox.

A Grant unto John Hampden, and Tho. Coveil, in Trust for the Duchess of Graf ton, of Havering Park, and other Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Essex, under the yearly Rent of 20 s.with a Release to the said John Hampden and Thomas Cowell, for the Benefit of the said Duchess, of 149/. per Annum, Part of 150/. per Annum, which will come to the Crown after the Death of the Queen Dowager.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 25 January, 1692; countersigned, Rich, Hampden, Steph. Fox, . Seymour, Cha. Mountague.

A Grant, to the Duke of Leinster, of all Wrecks, not being already granted, as shall be recovered by him, or his Agents, within 20 Years from the Date, in America, between the Latitudes of 12 Degrees South and 40 Degrees North.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 25 February, 1692; countersigned, Rich. Hampden, Steph. Fox, Seymour.

A Discharge, to the Heirs and Executors of Roger Vaughan, of 673/. 16s. which he stood indebted to tha Crown, as Receiver of the Hearth-money in the Time of King Charles the 2d.

A Grant, to Jacob Leisler, of all the Estate, real and personal, of Jacob Leisler, late of the City of New York in America, his Father, forfeited by his Conviction of High Treason; with a like. Grant, unto Mary Milbume, of the Estate of her Husband, forfeited for the same Cause; and likewise a Grant, and Restitution, unto Gerrard Beckman, and Five others, of the same City, of their Estates, real and personal, forfeited, as aforesaid.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 25th February, 1692; countersigned, as last above.

A Demise unto Lewis Medwell, Gentleman, of a Piece of Ground, and the Buildings thereupon, lately Part of a Field near the Pesthouse Field in St. James's Parish, JVcstminster;habencC for 99 Years, from the 14 February, 1722, at 13 . 4 d.per Annum Rent: This was intended for his Encouragement, towards erecting an Academy upon Part of the Premises.

Warrant signed, William R. dated the 1st March, 1692; countersigned, Rich. Hampden, Steph. Fox, Edward Seymour.

A Demise unto Richard Powys and John Taylour, Gentlemen, at the Nomination of William Lowndes, Esquire, of a Piece of Ground, near Soho, with a narrow Slip leading thereto, a Parcel of Ground called Great Spittle-Jields, near Chelsea, and another Parcel called Little Spittle-fields, near Knig and of several Buildings upon Part of the Premises; all which had been demised by Kin Charlesthe 2d to Sir William Pulteney, for several long Terms in being, which were purchased by the said William Lowndes; habend' for 99 Years, at several Rents, amounting to 1 /. 6 s. 8 per Annum.

Signed, countersigned, and' dated, as above.

A Grant and Assignment to [a] Robert Manning Esquire, of a Mortgage, made by Charles Earl of Manchester, of the Park, Farm, or inclosed Ground, called Achilt Park, in the County of Essex, for 1,500l. paid to him by John Ashton, Gentleman, forfeited to his Majesty by the Attainder of the said Ashton.

[a] " of," Journal.

R r Warrant

Grant

16S8.

39° Janu

A \ijo2.

Grants since 1688.

Warrant, signed, WjUfiam dated 1 st Mar. 1692 } countersued, Godolphin, Rich. Hampden, Steph. Fox, Cha. Mount ague.

A Grant, and Assignment, unto Ralph Cook, Esquire, of 10,692/. fa.'gd. and 4,203/. 175. due to his Majesty icotnTho. Price, oijondon, Qoldsmith, and of nil the Estate of the said Price, extended, and seized, towards Satisfaction of the said Debts (ejcpept his Share in the Insurance Office) that was lately granted to Robert and Geo. White; to hold for such Terms, and Interests, and under such Rents, as the same was held at the Time of the Seizure. Warrant signed, William. R. dated 15th February, 92;

countersigned, Godolphin, Rich. Hampden, I'o v.

: A. Grant unto Thomas Neal, and John of all

Wrecks, to be recovered, within 7 Years after the Date, within 30 Leagues of the Isle of Sables, in America, betwixt 40 and 50 Degrees of Northern Latitude.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 15th February, 1692;

.. countersigned, Godolphin, R Hampden,

A Grant unto Ferdinando Hastings, Esquire, of 12

several Messuages, with their Appurtenances, erected upon Part of the Land, or Close, called Pall-mall Close, in the Parish of St. James, Wes; habend' for 51 Years and an Halfi from Michaelmas, 1740, at 5 s. per Annum Rent.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 22d March, 1692; countersigned, Godolphin, Richard Hampden, Steph. Fox, Echo.Seymour.

1 1 , . ', f,

Wood Sales within the Forest of Dean, in 6 Years from the Date, at the Rate of 1,000l. a Year: This in Consideration of his faithful Services.

The Warrant signed, William R. dated 22 March, 1692; countersigned, Godolphin, Steph. Fox, Edw. Seymour.

A Grant, and Assignment, unto James Herbert, Esquire, of several Parsonages and Rectories of Milton and Harston, in the County of Kent, and all Houses,

Lands, Tythes, and other Profits, thereunto belonging, forfeited by the Attainder of Sir Edward Scott; with the Arrears and mesne Profits thereof.

Warrant signed, Marie R. dated 12 April, 1693; countersigned, Godolphin, Rich. Hampden, . Mountague.

A Demise unto George Sayer and John Sayer, Esquires, of the Lordship and Manor of Muckland with its Appurtenances, in the County of Lancaster, and of Seeuood Park, and other Lands and Hereditaments, in the said County, for the Term of 99 Years, from the Death of the Queen Dowager (Part of whose Jointure the said Premises now are) concurrent with the Terms granted, or to be granted, by the said Queen, or her Trustees, therein, and under the yearly Rent of 10/.

Warrant signed, Marie R. dated 24 April, 93; countersigned, Richard Hampden, Steph. Fox, Cha. Mountague.

A Grant, and Demise, unto Elis. Hamilton, of Three

A Grant unto Thomas Payne, Esquire, and his Heirs, of Messuages, with their Appurtenances, late in the Tenure the Manor or Lordship of Holme Cultram,in the County of John Bonneck, and several other Messuages, Lands, of Cumberland, with the Demesne Lands and Heredita- and Tenements, lying near Park, in the County of ments thereunto belonging (being now Part of the Queen Middlesex', habend' for 99 Years, from the Expiration Dowagers Jointure) at the Rent of 13 s.4 d.per Annum, of a Term of 31 Years, heretofore granted to Thomas late Warrant signed, William R. dated 15 March, 1692; Lord Colepepper, under the yearly Rent of ioj. countersigned, Godolphin, Steph. Fox, Edxo. Seymour. Warrant signed, Marie R. dated 31 May, 1693; coun-

An Authority, under the Privy Seal, for raising 5,000 /. tersigned, Godolphin, Rich. Hampden, Stephen Fox. by the Sale of decayed Trees, not fit for the Navy, in the A Grant unto Sir Cornwall Bradshaw, and others, of Forest of Whittleuood and Salsey, to be paid to the all the Estate, real and personal, of John

Duchess of Grafton, in Part of 12,000l. directed by the I think, this late of London, Goldsmith, extended,

Privy Seals of King Charles the 2d, and King James, to be raised and paid 10 the Earl of Arlington, to whom the said Duchess was sole Heiress.

Warrant signed, William dated 29 March, 1693; , countersigned, Godolphin, Steph. Fox, Edw. Seymour.

A Grant unto Seymour Tredenham, Esquire, in Consideration of 1,000l. paid into the Exchequer, of the Duty of Post Groats, in the County of Cornwall, with the Arrears and mesne. Profits of the same, due since the joth of April, 16.88, and not answered into the Ex'

under Seal an( se ze i°r several Debts, and Sums of Money due to the Crown; habend' for the several Terms, and Estates, and under such Rents, as were payable to the Crown at the Time of the Seizure thereof, with all Arrearages, and mesne Profits, of the Premises, to their only Use and Behoof.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 26 Oct. 1692; countersigned, Godolphin, Rich. Hampden, Stephen Fox, Cha Mountague.

A Grant unto Joseph Hornby, his Heirs, Executors,

chequer; habend' for 31 Years, from Christmas, 1692, and Assigns, of all the Estate, both real and personal, of

under the yearly Rent of 10/.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 29 March, 1693; countersigned, Godolphin, Stephen Fox, Edw. mour.

A Demise unto Richard Savage, Esquire, commonly called Lord Colchester, of a Piece of Ground, called Woolliooood, in the County of Essex, for 99 Years,

Edmund Robinson, of Borland, in the County of York, Clerk, and of Benjamin his Son, forfeited to his Majesty, by their Conviction and Attainder of High Treason. Warrant signed, Marie R. dated 21 July, 1693; countersigned, Godolphin, Rich. Hampden, Steph. Fox.

A Grant unto the Bishops of Litchfield and Coventry, and St. Asaph, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, Warrant signed, William R. dated 22 March, 1692; and Assigns, of certain Rectories, with their Appurte-countersigned, Godolphin, Richard Hampden, Steph. nances, in the County of Montgomery, and several Tythes, Fox. and Glebe Lands, in the said Rectories, all Pf the clear

A G rant, and Assignment, unto Henry Herbert, Esquire, yearly Value of 400l. found, and seized into his Ma-of 2,181/. 4 s.6id. owing to his Majesty from Bevass jesty's Hands as Parcel of the Estate of the Marquis of JLloyd, on his Account of the Revenue of Wales, whereof Powys, forfeited for Treason, for the Residue of a Term lie was Receiver; as also of 324/. 3 s.4 d.depending on of 21 Years, upon a Lease thereof, in being, from the Mr. Nashe's Account, as Receiver of those Revenues, for Dean arid Chapter of Christ Church in Oxon, upon the the Year ending at Afichaelmas, 1688, and all other Ar- several Trusts following; vis. first, to discharge the re-rears, appearing to be due from the said Nash to the 15 served Rents, payable for the same; then to reimburse March, 1692; with an Assignment of a proportionable the said Bishop of Coventry 380/. next, the Charges, as Part of a yearly Sum, payable to Gilba't Whitehall, and well of this Grant, as of the Management of the Trusts his Heirs, out of the Excise, for the Sum of 824/. 4s. therein; and then to distribute the Residue of the Profits owing by the said Whitehall to the said Lloyd, of which in Augmentation of several Vicarages, the said Whitehall was thereupon to be discharged. Warrant signed, R. dated 11th July, 1693;

Warrant signed, William R. dated 15th March, 1692; countersigned, Godolphin, Stephen Fox, Edw.

countersigned, Godolphin, Stephen Fox, Cha. Moun- mour, Cha. Mountague.

(ague. A Grant, unto Elis. Rennet, of several Goods of Tito.

An Authority, under the Privy Seal, for paying 6,000 /. Jones, to the Value of 58/. 11 s. seized into his Ma-nnto Sir John Guise, out of the 20,000l. to be raise by jesty's Hands by the Sheriff of London, upon a Capias

i Ann.

29 Januarii.

159

Utlegatwn, issued against the said Jones, at the Suit of the said Benriet.

Warrant signed, Marie R. dated 18 August, 1693; countersigned, Godolphin, Steph. Fox, tague.

A Remise, and Release, unto Sir Sam. Daskwood, Sir Stephen Evance, Sir Henry Furnesse, Francis Daskwood,

and Thomas Penny man, of his Majesty's Moiety, Right, and Title, of and in a Seizure of ravr Silks, appraised at 14,718/. \"js. and forfeited, by reason of unlawful Importation; and of and in the several Ships, wherein the same was imported, and the Furniture, Ammunition, and Provisions, thereto belonging.

Warrant signed, Marie R. dated 6 October, 1693; countersigned, Godolphin, Steph. Fox, Cha. Moun-tague.

A Release and Discharge to the Governor and Company of Merchants, trading to the East Indies (in Consideration of 16,638/ 16s. 1 id. paid into the Exchequer, and 1,361/. 13 s.id. by them paid into the Court of Exchequer, in Part of Prizes, making together 18,000l.) of the Moiety, reserved to the Crown, upon their former Charters, of the Goods of Persons trading, without Licence, within the Limits of their said Charters, before Lady-day, 1693, which have been seized and condemned by them; as also a Release of the 1 oth Part, reserved to his Majesty, of all Ships and Goods, taken as Prize, in Prosecution of the War against the Great Mogul; and of and from 7,940/. is. 9 d.decreed in the Court of Exchequer, to be paid by the said Company to his Majesty; with a Grant of his Majesty's 1 oth of all such Prize Goods, as are yet remaining in the Hands of the Commanders of their Ships, and have not been applied to the Use of the Company.

Warrant signed, Marie R. dated 10th Oct 1693; countersigned, Rich. Hampden, Steph. Fox, Cha. Mountague.

A Grant unto Sir John Hoskins, Knight, his Heirs and Assigns, for ever, of all those Islands, called Ascension, Trinidad, and Marlin Vas, situate between the 18 and 22 Degrees of Southern Latitude, and between the 18 and 25 Degrees of Longitude, West from the Meridian of London-, and also the Office of Sheriff within the same Islands; yielding to his Majesty the 4th Part of the Profits of all Mines of Gold and Silver, wrought in the said Islands on the 5 th of November, yearly; of which Islands the said Sir John was also appointed chief Governor, during his Majesty's Pleasure.

A Grant unto AleshacSmith, the then Vicar of

and his Successors, for ever, of a Pension of 100l. per Annum, out of the Rents and Profits of certain Rectories and Tythes there, being Part of the Estate Of the Marquis of Powys, and forfeited to his Majesty, by his Attainder; with an immediate Gift of 100l. to the said Meshac Smith, out of the same.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 3d January, '1693; countersigned, Godolphin, Rich. Hampden, Steph. Fox.

A Grant unto Sir Algernoone May, and also to William

Petit, Esquire, now Keeper of the Records in the Tower, of the yearly Sum of 250/. to each of them, during Pleasure, payable out of the First Fruits and annual Tenths of the Clergy; with a Grant of an additional Salary, of 250/. per Annum tnore, to the said Petit, in case he Survives the said Sir Algernoone.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 10th January, 1693; countersigned, Godolphin, Rich. Hampden, Steph. Fox, Edw. Seymour.

A Grant unto Craven Hmoard, and others, of the Use of all such Waters, as run down the common Sewers within the Bills of Mortality (except as therein is excepted) habend' for 99 Years, at 5 Marks per Annum'Rent.

AGrant unto Maynard Duke of and Leinster,

and the Heirs Male of his Body (in Consideration of his Father's Services and Losses) of 4,000l. per Annum, payable out of the Revenue of the Post Office, until the Sum of 100,000l. intended by his Majesty to be given to his said Father, for making Provision for himself and Family, shall be paid.

Vol. 14;

Warrant signed, William R. dated 31 January, 1693; Grants since countersigned. Rich. Hampden, Steph. Fox, Cha. 1688 Mountague.

A Grant, or Demise, unt o William Blathwaite, Esquire,

(in Consideration of his good Services, and of 571/. ir.

1 t-fd paid into the Exchequer) of the Manor of,

with its Appurtenances, and other Lands, Demesne Rents, and Hereditaments, in the County of Surrey-,

99 Years, from the Death of the Queen Dowager (Part of whose Jointure the said Premises are) concurrent with such Terms, as are, or shall be, granted therein by her said Majesty, or her Trustees, under the yearly Rent of 3/.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 7th February, 1693; countersigned, Godolphin, Stephen Fox, Cha. Mountague.

A Grant, or Demise, unto George Booth, Esquire, (in Consideration of 950/. paid into the Exchequer) of the Manor of Westham, in the County of Essex, with its Appurtenances, with Hamfreth Wood, Parcel of the said Manor, and the Ground and Soil of the same; for 99 Years, from the Death of the Queen Dowager (Part of whose Jointure the said Premises are) concurrent with such Terms, as are, or shall be, granted therein by her said Majesty, or her Trustees, under the yearly Rent of 180/. 15 . $$d.

Warrant signed, William R.dated 10th February,

1693; countersigned, Godolphin, Stephen Fox, Cha. Alountague.

A Demise unto Charles Earl of Carlisle, Sir George Fletcher, and Tho. Benlowes, junior, Esquire, of all the Estate, found, by Inquisition, to be forfeited to his Majesty, in the Counties of Cumberland and York, by the Attainder of Sir Richard Grahme of High Treason; habend' for 99 Years from Lady-day, 1693, if the said Sir Richard shall so long live, under the yearly Rent of 500l. for the Premises in Cumberland, and 300 for those ih York-, with a Clause, to determine an Annuity of 600l. payable, by virtue of his Majesty's Letters of Privy Seal, out of the said Estate, to the Wife of the said Sir Richard; and Covenants, on the Lessees Part, to pay 400/; per Annum to Susan, Relict of Reginald Grahme,

Esquire, deceased, and 20/. per Annum to Sir Henry Goodrich, and Thomas Leister, Esquire.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 10th Febr. 1693; countersigned, Godolphin, Steph.Fox, Cha.Mountaguei

A Grant unto Charles Frazier, and Cha. Bridgman,

Esquire, in Trust for Barbara Viscountess ing [a]] (in Consideration of a Fine of 1,000l. to be paid into the Exchequer) of the 4th Part of the Lordship and Barony of Kendall, in the County of Westmorlmd\b\ and several Lands, Rents, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of WestmorelandandKorF; habend'{or 99Years,

from the Death of the Queen Dowager (Part of whose Jointure the Premises are) concurrent with such Terms, as are, or shall be, granted therein by her said Majesty, or her Trustees, under the yearly Rent of 10/.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 14 February, 1693; countersigned, Godolphin, Stephen Fox, Cha. Mountague.

A Grant unto Anthony Meek, Gentleman, in Trust for Tho. Felton, Esquire, of the Manors, Parks, and Lands, Of Somersham, Pedley, Fenton, Bluntsham, and Erith, in the County of Huntington, for the Term of 43 Years; which was granted to Denzin Lord Hollis, from the Determination of a certain Term of 99 Years, of which there is about 25 Years yet to come, in Trust; for the Queen Dowager, for her Life, and after, in Trust for the Crown.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 20 February, 1693; countersigned, Steph. Fox, Edward Seymour, Cha. Alountague.

A Demise unto Eduard Dazell, Citizen and Stationer of London, at the Nomination of Sir Tho. Clarges, and Hen. Guy', Esquire, of several Messuages and Hereditaments in the Parishes of St.James, and St. Martins in

[a] This name is supplied from the Account presented to the House, and preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session,

j£] " WestminsterJournal.

the

Grants since 1688.

160 290 Januarii, A. 1702.

the Fields; habend for igYears, from 14 Febr. 1693, A Release, and Discharge, unto the Heirs, Executors,

under the yearly Rents of 7/. 16s. 10 d.and 5/. And this and Administrators, of John Bence, and Sir Alexander contains a further Lease to the said Sir Tho. Ctarges, and Bence, deceased, of and from all Debts, Actions, Seizures, Henry Guy (in Consideration of 2,498/. 6s. to be paid Process, and Demands, whatsoever, for or upon Account into the Exchequer) of several Pieces and Parcels of of the said Sir Alexander Bence and John Bence being Land, Part of the Premises, before demised to Edw. Farmers of the Revenue in Ireland.

Dazell-, habetuT for 99 Years, from 14 Febr. 1722, under Warrant signed, Mark 11. dated 13 July, 1694;

the yearly Rents of 12/. 6s. 10 d.Which said several countersigned, Godoljihin, C/ia. Mountague, William

Terms of 29 and 99 Years, are to be subject to certain Trumbull, John Smith.

Trusts, appointed by the last Will and Testament of Sir A Grant unto the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of William Pulteney. England, Lord President of the Council, and several

Warrant signed, William R. dated 21 March, 1693; others, their Heirs and Assigns, for ever, of a Parcel of countersigned, Godolphin, Richard Hampden, Steph. Ground at Greemcich, and the Capital Messuage, called Fox. the Palace of standing thereupon, and other

AGrantunto Sir Tho. Clarges, and Henry Guy, Esquire, Edifices and Buildings there, for the Benefit of the

their Heirs and Assigns, for ever (in Consideration of Hospital to be erected at Greenwich.

2,498/. 6s. to be paid into the Exchequer) of several Warrant signed, dated 18 Oct 1694; coun-

Parcels of Ground, Messuages, Houses, Tenements, and tersigned, Godolphin, Steph. Fox, Wm. Trumbull. Hereditaments, in the Parishes of St. Martin's in the A Grant unto Lord Carteret, and his Heirs, of

Fields, and St. James (except the several Rents, reserved Licence to convey several Fees, and Manors, with their upon the aforegoing leases of Parcel of the Premises) Appurtenances, in the Isle of Jersey, in several Parts and with a Proviso for them to convey Parcel of the Premises Proportions, unto and

to Trustees, for a Burying-place to the said Parish of St.others, and their respective Assigns; to be holden of his James's, and to stand seised of the Whole (except the Majesty, under the same Tenures, Rents, and Services, said Burying-place) in Trust, for the Uses, appointed by as the same are held before this Grant; ami under a Sir William Pulteneys Will, under the yearly Rent of Restraint, not to alien the Premises, or any Part thereof, tw. 8 d. without Licence.

Warrant signed, dated, and countersigned, as above. A Discharge unto Geo. Booth, Esquire, of a yearly

A Grant unto//cHry Viscount Sidney, and John Glover, Rent of 180/. 15 . 5 reserved upon a Grant lately of a Moiety of what they shall recover from the Hudson's to him made, of the Manor of West in the County Bay Company, of his Majesty's Share, or reserved Parts, of Essex.

of all Prizes, taken by them, and of all Fines and For- Warrant signed, R. dated 7th January, 1694;

feitures, from Persons trafficking within the Limits of countersigned, Godolphin, Steph. Fox, Turn-

their Charters, that have been concealed, and not yet

answered to his Majesty: This in Consideration of their A Grant unto Geo. Bradbury and Geo. Lowin, Gentle-Care and Pains in and about the same. men, their Heirs and Assigns, for ever, of the Reversion,

Warrant signed, William R. dated 28 March, 1694; expectant on a Tern) of 99 Years, to commence from countersigned, Godolphin, Richard Hampden, Steph. Lady-day, 1695, granted by King Charles the 2d to Fox. Charles Earl of Middlesex, of several Tenements, and

A Release, and Discharge, unto Sir James Shaen, and Grouud thereunto belonging, iu Ireland, at the yearly others, Fanners of the Revenue in Ireland, for 7 Years, Rent of 24/. io$. 4

from Christmas, 1675, of 33,660/. 3s. 3id. due to his With a Grant of the said yearly Rent, and a Reserva- Majesty, on the Account of the said Farm (which was tion of 13$. 4 per Annum only for the same.

declared in England 29 October, 1691) in Consideration, A Grant, unto Martha Jackson, of 4,524/. 165. l-| that so much, as shall countervail the said Debt, is to be Part of 10,164/. i6j. lid. received for the Duties upon deducted, and discounted, to make good several Allow- Barrilloes, Smalts, and Pot-ashes, from the 5 November, ances, craved by them, and not hitherto given. 1688, to Christmas, 1694; which were alleged to belong

Warrant signed, William R. dated 14 April, 1694; to his Majesty, notwithstanding the Grant of the said countersigned, Godolphin, Rich. Hampden, Steph. Duties, made by King Charles the 2d, to the Earl of Fox, Cha. Mountague. and tire Title of the said Jackson, derived from

A Grant unto Henry dc Nassau, Seignior Darner- thence; the other Part being deducted, for a reserved querque, his Heirs and Assigns, of the yearly Rent of Rent of 940/. per Annum, which had been satisfied to 800l. out of tl»e Revenue of the Crown in South Wales, the said Earl's Executors.

and the yearly Rent of 1,200l. out of the Revenue of Warrant signed, William R. dated 30th January, 1694; North Wales. countersigned, Steph. Fox,

Warrant signed, William R. dated 25th April, 1694; liam Trumbull, John Smith. countersigned, Godolphin, Step. Fox, Cha. Mountague.A Grant to the Treasurer of the Hospital, to be A Grant unto Sir Joseph Herne, and others, of the founded at Greenwich, of 2,000l. per Annum out of the Licence and Authority of making Farthings, and Half- Exchequer, towards the building, perfecting, and endow-pence, of Copper, for 7 Years, from Midsummer, 1694, ing, the said Hospital; with a Salary, of 200l. per paying the refore to a Comptroller, to be appointed by Annum, to the said Treasurer, to be retained out of the his Majesty,' 200l. per Annum, and changing all the Tin Moneys, which he shall receive for the Benefit of the said Farthings, and Halfpence. Hospital.

Warrant signed, Marie R. dated 22 June, 1694; Warrant signed, R. dated the 20th February,

countersigned, Godolphin, Steph. Fox, Cha. Moun- 1694; countersigned, Ste. Fox, Wm.

tague, Wm. Trumbull.' Trumbull.

A Grant unto Charles Duke of St.Albans, and Diana A Grant and Demise, unto Richard Earl Rivers, of his Wife, of an Annuity of 2,000l. per Annum, payable as the Lordship and Manor of with its

followeth; viz. 500l. out of the Revenues of Wales, 500l. Appurtenances, in die County of Northampton, for 99 out of the Profits of the Alienation Office, and 1,000l. Years, from the Death of the Queen Dowager, concurrent more out of the Revenue of First Fruits and Tenths; with such Terms, as her said Majesty, or her Trustees, habend' from Midsummer, 1694, for their Lives, and the grant therein, and under the yearly Rent of 40s.

Life of the longer Liver of them; with a Grant of 500l. Warrant signed, William dated 27th Febr. 1694; payable immediately out of the said Revenues. countersigned, Godolphin, Steph. Fox, 11 Trum-

Warrant signed, Marie R.dated 13 July, 1694; bull. countersigned, Godolphin, Steph. Fox, Cha. Moun- A Grant unto Henry Earl of Romney, and John Glover,

tague, Wm. Trumbull, John Smith. of a Moiety of what tliy, shall recover of his Majesty's

Part

i Ann. ao# Januarii. 161

Part of all Prizes, since his Accession to the Crown, carried into any his Colonies or Plantations in America, or into any Ports or Places in Italy, and there concealed.

Warrant signed, William R dated 6th March, 1694;

countersigned, Steph. For, Wm. Trumbull, John Smith.

A Grant unto Mary Calf, her Heirs and Assigns (in Consideration of 150/. paid into the Exchequer) of 250 Cart-loads of Charcoal, and 30 Cords of Wood; which were reserved, upon former Grants of the Forest of St. Leonard's, in the County of Sussex, from the Crown, for the Use of Iron Mills there, under the yearly Rent of 36/. 135. 4 d.with which Rent the said Mary doth charge the said Forest for ever.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 21 January, 1694; countersigned, Go Stephen Fox, Wm. Trumbull.

A Release and Discharge of the Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, of Sir Tho. Duppa, and the late Bishop of Exon, of 655/. 11$. 8d. due to his Majesty for Tenths, within the Diocess of Exon, whereof Sir Thomas was Receiver, for the Year, ended at Christmas, 1687: This in Consideration of several Assignments, made by the Executors of the said Sir Thomas to his Majesty.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 11th April, 1695; countersigned, Steph. Fox, Wm. Trumbull, John Smith.

A Grant, and Demise, unto Thomas Preston, Esquire, (in Consideration of 300l. paid into the Exchequer for the Site of the late dissolved Monastry of Farnesse, Coni Lancaster) for a further Term of 15 Years, after the Expiration of die 21 Years, lately granted to him, and under the same Rents, and Covenants, as in the former Grant

Warrant signed, William R. dated 17 Apr. 1695; countersigned, Godolphin, Stephen Fox, William Trumbull, John Smith.

A Grant unto Richard Nevill, and Geo. Davetiant, at the Nomination of Ralph Grey, Esquire (in Consideration of 750/. paid into the Exchequer) of the Light-houses at Wintertonnesse and Orfordnesse; habend' for 60 Years, from the Date, if a Grant of the same Premises, heretofore made to Sir Echo. Turner, Knight, was then void; and, if not, then to hold for 35 Years, from the 15th April, 1720; under the yearly Rent of 20/.

Warrant signed, William 11. dated 17th April, 1695; countersigned, Godolphin, Steph. Fox, William Trumbull.

A Grant unto the Earl of Romney, and Sir Cha.

wick Cotterell, their Heirs and Assigns, for ever, of the Reversion of a Rent-charge of 550/. out of the Manors of Hilton and Bradbury, Com' Durham, whereof the Lady Ester Eland was seised, after the Death of the Queen Dowager, and late Marquis of Halifax; which is accrued to his Majesty, by the said Lady Eland's being an Alien born, and dying without Heirs, and making no legal Disposition of the same.

A Grant, and Assignment, unto Tho. Wilkins, to his own Use, without Account, of several Sums of Money, owing to his Majesty from Richard Beer, and many other Persons, concerned as Collectors of the Customs.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 24th April, 1695; countersigned, Godolphin, Steph. Fox, John Smith.

A Grant unto Eliz. [a] Ti Widow of the late

Archbishop of Canterbury, of 400l. per Annum, out of 4J per Cent from Michaelmas, 1694, during her Life; with a Discharge, to the said Mrs. Tillotson, of 2,682/.

12 s.2 d.due for the First Fruits of the said Bishoprick.

Warrant signed, dated, and countersigned, as above.

An Assignment unto William Esquire, his

Heirs and Assigns, for ever, of his Majesty's Right in the Stock of the Bank of England, by reason of a Subscription of 10,000l. for his Use; which Stock was sold, and applied, as his Majesty had directed.

Warrant signed, William R.dated ist May, 1695; countersigned, Godolphin, Steph. Fox, William Trumbull. [a] " William," Journal.

VOL. 14-

A Grant unto Francis Earl of Bradford, and his Heirs, for ever (in Consideration of 916/. paid into the Receipt of Exchequer) of a Fee-farm Rent of 66/. 13 . 4 issuing out of Bridstock Park, in the County of Oxon, and all Arrearages of the same.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 25th April, 1695; countersigned, Godolphin, Steph. Fox, John Smith.

A Discharge, unto Eliz. Countess of Derby, of 2,457 Ounces of gilt and white Plate, delivered out of the Jewel Office, for the Service of the late Queen; with a Grant to the Earl of Pembrook, and others, as well of the said Plate, as of 1,569 Ounces, not in Charge in the Jewel Office, and 400 Ounces of white Plate, and one Pair of Diamond Ear-rings, worn by her said Majesty, in Trust, for the sole Use of the said Countess.

Warrant signed, William R.dated 5th May, 1695;

countersigned, Godolphin, Stephen Fox, Cha. -tague, John Smith.

A Grant unto George Petty, Michael Godfrey, and Richard Harrison, of the Office of Surveyor of the Petty Customs in the Port of London; to hold from the Death, or Avoidance, of Sir John Staples' Interest therein, during the several Lives of Richard and Wm. younger

Sons of the Earlof Scarborough, with the Salary of 300 per Annum.

Warrant signed, William R, dated 23 April, 1695; countersigned, Godolphin, Steph. Fox, John Smith.

A Grant, unto William D' Nassau, Seignior D' Zules-teyne, of 1,000l. per Annum, out of the Post Office, from Lady-day, 1695, during his Life.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 4th May, 1695; countersigned, Godolphin, Steph. Fox, Cha. Moun-tague, Wm. Trumbull, John Smith.

A Grant, unto James Gibbons, of all the personal Estate of Paul Buren, late of London, Merchant, who died without Issue, Relations, or Will.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 15 April, 1695; countersigned, Steph. Fox, Wm. Trumbull, John Smith.

A Grant unto Henry D' Nassau Seignior D'Auverquere, his Heirs and Assigns, for ever, of 2,0001. per Annum, out of the Revenue of the Duchy of Cornwall, from Lady-day, 1695; with a Clause, for charging the same on the Excise, if it cannot be paid out of the Revenue of Cornwall.

Warrant signed, William R. dated May, 1695; countersigned, Godolphin, Steph. Fox, Cha. -tague, Wm. Trumbull, John Smith.

A Grant unto the Lord Cutts, and Ralph Highgate, Esquire, of the real and personal Estate of William Meets, late of Barbadoes, who died without Issue, Kindred, or

Will.

Warrant signed, dated, and countersigned, as the last before-mentioned.

A Grant unto Laxcrence Earl of Rochester, his Heirs and Assigns, of Killingworth Woods, in the County of York, and of the Arrears and mesne Profits of the same, under the yearly Rent of 6s. id.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 7th June, 1695; countersigned, Godolphin, Stephen Fox, Cha. Moun-tague, John Smith.

A Grant unto Tho. Lord Coningsby, his Heirs and Assigns, for ever, of the Manor of Marden and Kingsland, in the County of Hereford, with their Appurtenances, after the Death of Queen Dowager.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 7th June, 1695; countersigned, Godolphin, Steph. Fox, Cha. Moun-tague.

A Grant unto William Earl of Rochford, and his Heirs, of the Estate, found, by Inquisition, to be forfeited to his Majesty, in the County of Northampton, and Montgomery, by the Attainder of the Marquis of Powys, and seized into his Majesty's Hands.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 15th Apr. 1696; countersigned, Godolphin, Stephen Fox, Cha. tague, John Smith.

A Grant unto William Earl of Portland, his Heirs and S s Assigns,

Grants line 1688.

Grants si; 1688.

162 29° JattuaHi. A. 1702.

Assigns, for ever, of the Lordship and Manor of Denbigh, Bromfald, and Yale, in North Wales, under the yearly Rent of 6$. id.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 7 th May, 1695; countersigned, Godolphin, Steph. Cha. Moun-tague, John South.

Memorandum: This Grant never passed the Great Seal. A Grant, and Confirmation, unto Deborah Demaresqm, of the Island of Jersey, of a Farm, called in the said Island, then in his Majesty's Hands, under the yearly Rent of Nine Sols; wkha Grant of the Tythes of Corn, growing on her Fees, under the yearly Rent of Six Cab bolets of Barley; and several other Rights and Privileges, belonging to her Predecessors.

A Grant unto William Bridgman, and Jos, Burchett, their Heirs and Assigns, for ever, of a Piece of Ground, lying in Old Spring Garden, in Trust, for the Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners of the Admiralty, for foe Time being.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 5th Febr. 1.695;

countersigned, Godolphin, Stephen Fox, John Smith. A Grant unto Samuel Johnson, Clerk, of 390/. per Annum, out of foe Post Office; for 99 Years,

if the said Samuel, or Benjamin Johnson, his Son, shall so long live.

Warrant signed, William dated 26 Febr, 1695;

countersigned, Godolphin, Step, Fox, John Smith.

A Grant unto John Fulteney, Esquire, ofsevenal Pieces and Parcels of Ground, lying, near St. James's Street, upon Part whereof be has lately built a House; for 99 Years, from, the Expiration of a Term, granted therein by King. CAar/iw foe act to Sir Wm. under foe yearly Rent of 10 s.

Warrant signed, William R. dated. 5 Febr. 1695.;

countersigned, as.foe last.

A Grant, unto. William Earl of Portland, of foe Lodgings, now in . his Possession, at Whitehall, for 42 Years, at 6s. 8d.per Annum Rent.

Warrant signed, William, R.dated 11 March, 1.695;

countersigned, Steph. Fox, Cha. Mountague, John > Smith.

A Grant, unto MaryMilbume, of his Majesty's Title to 68/. being, the Moneys, of Tho. Wansetl, who was outlawed at the Suit of the said Milburne. '

Warrant signedy William R. dated 8th April, 1696; countersigned, Godolphin, Charles Mountague, John Smith.

A Grant unto William Earl of Rockford, his Heirs and Assigns, for ever, of foe Manor of Hendon, and all foe 'Estate, found,-by Inquisition, to be forfeited to his Majesty, in foe County of Middlesex, by foe Attainder of the Marquis of Powys (except foe House, called Powys

House) at the yearly Rent of 13 4<Z with Giant of foe Arrears,) and mesne Profits, arisen to his Majesty, out of the said Marquis's forfeited Estates in foe Counties of Northampton and Montgomery, before granted to foe said Earl.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 15th Apr. 1696; countersigned, Godolphin, Stephen Fox, Cha. Mountague, John Smith.

A Grant unto William Saunderson, Esquire, of the yearly Rent of 25 Loads of Hay, and 5a Quarters of Oats, reserved on several Leaser, from the Crown, of the Site of foe Tenement, called , and other

Lands, in the County of Kent; during foe Continuance of foe said Leases.

Warrant signed, Williant R. dated 8 Apr. 1696; countersigned, Godolphin, Cha. , John

Smith.

A Grant, unfo William Earl of Portland, of the Manor of Grantham, in Lincolnshire, Honor of , in

Cumberland, Manor of Drachlow and Redheath, Chester, Manor of Terrington, in the County Manors of Ballerinton, Bristoll, Garth, Hornsey,

Barnsley, and Leven, in the County oiYork, (all Part of the ancient Revenue of the Crown) amLof the Manor of Peoensey, Com' Sussex, and of all other Lands, Tene-

ment , and Hereditaments, thereto belonging; habend to him, apd his Heirs, for ever, under foe Rent of 13 . £ Wanant signed, William R. dated 1 st May, 1696; countersigned, Steph. Fox, Charles Moun

A Grant unto Thomas Hall, Esquire, of a Piece of Ground, with the Buildings thereon erected, whereon#. James Market is now held; habend' for 99 Years, from the Expiration of foe Terms on foe Leases in being, at 10$. per Annum Rent.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 1 May 1696; countersigned, Step. Fox, Charles Mountague, John

A Discharge, as well to the Commissioners of Excise, as CharlesDuncomb,their Cashier, and several Collectors of that Revenue (in Consideration of acompetentSum of Money, paid to his Majesty by foe said,) of 6,1301.

19 s.51 d.received by Joseph Reynoldson, u pon Bills of Exchange, returned from the said Collectors for his Majesty's Use, foe said Reynoldson having embezelled foe same.

A. Grant unto Edward Zee, Esquire, of 500l. be -questbed by his Sister to Edward Lord Griffin, who was outlawed for Treason.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 18th May, 1696; countersigned, FoxCharles Mountague, John 4

Smith.

A. Grant, unto) Charles Bertie, Samuel Travers, James Herbert, and Richard Powys, of a Farm called Nether comb Farm, with several Lands, Tenements, and Rents, in the County of Kent, foe Manor of East Hampton

Court and Richmond Ferries, with the Site of the Monastry of Sheane, and other Hereditaments, in the County of

Surrey, foe Lands called Northley Hoo, and Bernards Castle,.and other Lands and Tenements in the County of Sussex, foe Rents of Amphill Park, in the County of Bedford, Lands in Shotooer, Stowood, and other Lands, in foe County of Oxon, and of Marribone Manor and Park, in the County of Middlesex, and of a third Part of the Demesne of the Forest of Gillingham, Com Dorset, and of the Assignment, Herbage and Pannage, of foe Forest of Marra, md several Hereditaments, in foe County of Chester,with the Tythes of the Vicarage of Hallifax, Com York', jiabend' for 31 Years, from foe Death of the Queen Dowager, at 3/. 13$. 4 d.per Annum Rent

Warrant signed, William R. dated 21 Apr. 1696;

countersigned, Godolphin, Stephen Fox, John Smith.

This was partly for his Grace foe Duke of Leeds, and partly for the present Tenants.

A Grant unto Alexander Johnstone, Esquire, of 300l. per Annum of foe forfeited Estates of Sir Roger Strickland, in foe.County of York; habend'for 31 Years, from Lady-day, 1696.

Signed, William R.dated 8th June, 1696; counter-

signed, Steph. Fox, John Smith, Tho. Littleton.

A Grant unto Rowland Woodgeare (in Consideration of 275/. 11$. lid.) of all the Arrears of Rent, due on a Grant, madeby King Charles the 2d to Sir Joseph Wag-staffe, of the Power of transporting Lamprans t fyc. with a Grant of the like Power to foe said Wtwdgeare, for 31 Years, from the 11th of September, 1694, at 17$.

Gd.per Annum Rent Warrant signed, William R.dated 1st June, 1696; countersigned. Step. Fox, Cha. Mountague, John Smith,.Tho. Littleton.

A Lease to George Tushingham, for 31 Years, of pertain Lead Mines, arising in Grmton, Hdr-

kaside, and Tremmgton, Com' Ebor, which were out of

Lease ever since foe Year 1660; together with the mesne Profits thereof from that Time; reserving to the Crown the ancient yearly Rent of 40$. and one full Tenth Part of the Profits arising out of the Lead Work, as also one 10th Part of the said mesne Profits, so recovered.

By Warrant to foe Clerk of foe Pipe, dated 11th August, 1696; signed, Cha. Mbuntague, John Smith,

Tho. Littleton.

A Grant, unto Richard Earl of Randagh, of the House and Lands at Chelsea, be now lives in, for 99 Years, from foe 15th April, 1696, at 5/. per Annum Rent upon Surrender of a former Grant, made to him of the same,

for

Ann.

2<f Januarii.

163

fofr 48 Years, from the 15 April, 1696, at 30/. 4 . 6 d. pet Annum Rent.

Warrant signed, William dated 15 June, 1696; countersigned, Godolphin, Charles Mountagile, John

Smith, The. Littleton.

A Grant, unto Thomas Lord Raby, of the Revenue of the Post-fines; habend for 48 Years, from Michaelmas, 1708, under the yearly Rent of 2,276/. to be paid from tfne Commencement of his Term.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 2 May, 1696; countersigned, Godolphin, Steph. Fox, Mon-

tague, John Smith.

A Grant unto Tho. Agar, Esquire, at toe Nomination of toe Earl of Torrington, of the Site of Oat lands House, and the Chambers in Serjeant's Amin Fleet-street, being the forfeited Estate of Sir Edward Herbert, outlawed for Treason.

Tfto Warrants, signed, William R. the one, to pass the Great Seal, dated 2 December, 1696; countersigned, Stephen Fox, ChaMountague, John Smith, Tho. Littleton: The other, to pass the Privy Seal, dated 3 Febr. 1696; countersigned, Stephen Fox, Cha. Mountague, John Struth.

A Grant, unto Tho. Phillips, of what be shall recover, and take up, of the Wreck of the Ship Bredah, then lying in toe River of Cork in Irelandreserving Part to his Majesty.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 5 July, 1696; countersigned, Steph. Fox, Cha. Mountague, Jokn Smith.

A Grant, unto John Lord Cutts, of the Hundred of Hum ford, and all other the Estate, both real and personal, found, by Inquisition, to belong to John Garyll, Esquire, who was outlawed for Treason.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 22tf June, 1696; countersigned, Godolphin, Charles John

Smith, Tho. Littleton.

A Grant unto John Hill, and Ralph Hardwick, of the Forest of Arkingarthdale, in the County Of York, for 51 Years, from the Date, at the Yearly Rent of 6 s. 8 with a Clause, that this Lease shall be void, as to such Part of the Premises, as shall not be recovered in 7 Years.

A Grant, or Demise, under the Great Seal, by Warrant to the Clerk of the Pipe, unto Harbord,

of the Manor of Stoughton Magna, with its Appurtenances, and the reserved Rent of 200l. per Annum, before payable for the same; habend,' for 99 Years, from toe Date, at 5 /. per Annum.

A Grant, or Demise, unto Edward Russel, Esquire (in Consideration of his eminent Services) of a certain Piece of Ground, Houses, and other Things, in the Parish of St. Martins Westminster, Parcel of the Bailiwick of St. Janies's; habend'for 99 Years, in Reversion of a Term,

granted by King Charles the 2d to the Duke of St. Albans, and others, at 20 s. per Annum Rent.

A Grant, or Demise, to Sir Matth. Andrews (in Consideration of 1,200 /. to be paid into the Exchequer) of the Manor of Meer, Coni Wilts, with the Demesnes, Warren, and Park, there, for 23 Years, from 1701, at several Rents, amounting to 45 /. per Annum; 'is also of several Wood Grounds, belonging to the said Manor, called Decerlong Wood, and Wood, for

99 Years, determinable upon Three such Lives, as he shall nominate; reserving the ancient yearly Rent

By Warrant to the Clerk of the Pipe, dated 9th Oct 1695; signed, Step. Fox, Cha.Montague, JohnSrtnth.

A like Grant, or Demise, unto Gabriel Armiger, Esquire, of a Rent of 20/. per Annum, issuing out of the Manor of West Fkmtham, and certain Lands in the County of Norfolk, and all Arrears of the same; habend' for 31 Years, at 40 s. per Annum Rent, the same being long concealed and detained from the Crown.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 1st Febr. 1696; countersigned, Step. Fox, Charles Montague, Ttutnbull, John Smith.

AW arrant, signed to the T rustees for the Sale df Fee-farm Rents, and other Rents, unto WUham Earl of

Portldnd,amounting to 1,536/. 14 j. 1 d. per Annum, upon paying 24,571 /. 5$. 4d. for the Purchase thereof.

Vol. 14.

A Grant, and Release, unto Tho. Seaman (who pur- Grant sine ' chased under William Betts) of several Messuages and 1688. Tenements in Norwich, Part of the extended Estate of Tho. Price, granted by the late King James to the said Betts, upon Trust, to sell the same to the best Purchaser, for the Purposes in that Grant mentioned.

Warrant to the Clerk of the Pipe, dated 15 August,

1695, to prepare a Grant, to pass the Great Seal; signed, Godolphin, Ste. Fox, Wm.

A Grant unto Francis GeU Esquire, of certain waste Lands on that Side the River Dee, called Saltney Marsh, and the Common or Heath, called Flint Common, found, by Inquisitions, to be concealed from the Crow n; for 31 Years, from the Date, rendering an Eighth Part of toe annual Value of the Premises, that shall be recovered.

By Warrant to the Clerk of the Pipe, dated 1st November, 1695, to prepare a Lease, to pass the Exchequer Seal; signed, Step Cha. Montague, John Smith.

A Grant unto Natlutmel Booth, Esquire, (for a Fine of 62/. 10 s. and in Consideration of his good Services) of the Pre-fines, and Post-fines, and Fines pro Ucentia concordandi, in the Counties of Chester and Flinthabend' for 31 Years, from the Expiration of a Lease in being, at 100 Marks per Annum Rent.

By Warrant to the Clerk of the Pipe, dated 16 November, 1695, to prepare a Lease, to pass the Exchequer Seal; signed, Steph. Fox, Cha. Montague, John Smith.

A Grant, or Demise, unto Lancelot Sympson, of several Parcels of Land in the Manor of Penrcalled Heldrick

Myre, Coni Cumberland, Part of the Queen Dowager s Jointure; habend,' for 99 Yefirs, concurrent with such Terms of Years, as her Majesty, or her Trustees, may grant therein, at the Rent of 5/. in Consideration of a Fine of 50

By Warrant to the Clerk of the Pipe, dated 14 February, 1695, to prepare a I ease, to pass the Great Seal; signed, Godolphin, Steph. Fox, Cha. Montague.

A Grant, or Demise, unto the Earl of , of

divers Cottages, Encroachments, Mines of Coal, and Profits of Court, within the Borough of Macclesfield, heretofore Parcel of the Possession of the Earl of Chester; habend for 31 Years, from Lady-day 1697, at Two several Rents, of 20 s- and 50 s. a Year.

By Warrant to the Clerk of the Pipe, dated 19th June,

1696, to prepare a Lease, to pass the Great Seal, or Exchequer Seal; signed, Godolphin, Stephen Fox,

John Smith.

A Grant, or Demise, unto Tho. Harley, Esquire., of the Site of the Castle of Radnor, with Close Mairr, and Caw Mead, Coni Radnor, and of all Heriots, Tolls,

Demesne Lands, and other Hereditaments, Parcel of the Lordship of MeUineth, in the same County, and of all Mines and Minerals, not yet discovered, within the Lordship of Canter MeUineth; habend,' the several Tolls, fife, for 4a Years, from Lady-day 1697, at 15/. 6s. 5 per . Annum, and the Mines and Minerals at 1 o per Annum, and a Tenth Part of the Profits, and the said Site, with other the Premises therewith granted, at several Rents, amounting to 33 s. per Annum.

By Warrant to the Clerk of the Pipe, dated 1st September, 1696, to prepare a Lease, to pass the Great Seal; signed, Godolphin, Cha. Montague, Tho.

Littleton.

A Grant, or Demise, unto William Lombard, Esquire, of the Site of the Manor of Gillingham, in the County of Kent, and several Lands, Woods, and Underwo<xls, there; habend for several Terms, making 6i Years in Possession and Reversion, and under the several ancient yearly Rents.

By Warrant to the Clerk of the Pipe, dated 13th Oct.

1697, to prepare a Lease, to pass the Great Seal; signed, Cha. Montague, Steph. Fox, John Smith,

Tho. Littleton, Tho. Pelham.

A Grant, or Demise, to Edward DarreU, of a Piece of Land, and Wharf thereunto belonging, at Richmond;

habend

Grants since 1688.

164 a 9 Januarti. 1702.

habend1 for 61 Years, in Reversion of the present Interest, at the ancient yearly Rents, and paying a Fine of 200 /.

By Warrant to the Clerk of the Pipe, dated 16 August, 1698, to prepare a Lease, to pass the Great Seal; signed, Cha. Alountague, John Smith, Thomas Lit-

tleton.

A Grant unto John Baber, and George , of

divers Stocks in the Bank, and all the personal Estate, whatsoever, of James D' la and Francis la Pairston, forfeited to his Majesty, being bequeathed to alien Enemies.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 17 November,

1696; countersigned, Steph. Fox, Cha. Montague, 'Iho. Littleton.

A Grant, unto Tho. Neal, of 6001, per Annum, Part of 1,2001, payable to him, for his Salary, as Commissioner of the Transfer Office, during Pleasure, for the Residue of the Term of 16 Years, limited by Parts for the Continuance of the said Office.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 2 May, 1696; countersigned, Steph. Fox, Cha. Mountague, John Smith.

A Grant, to Matthew Weston, of certain derelict Lands, seized, and found, by Inquisition, in the Parishes of sham, Sebsey, and Pagham, C' Sussex, and in

Island,in the Parishesof FaileymdW Com South-

ampton) habend' for 61 Years, at 41, per Annum Rent.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 3 Febr. 96; countersigned, Steph. Fox, Cha. Montague, John Smith.

A Grant unto Anthony Henley, Esquire, of 1,000l. per Annum, for 21 Years, from Christmas, 1696, out of the Tenths of the Clergy; as also of another Annuity of 1,000l. for 99 Years, from Christmas, 1696, if Eliz. the Wife of the Earl of Clancarty, shall so long live, payable out of the same Revenue.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 3 March, 1696; countersigned, Steph. Fox, Cha. Mountague, Tho. Littleton.

A Grant unto George Parker, Esquire (in Consideration of 5,000 /. paid into the Exchequer) of all the personal Estate of Wyke Parker, executed for Murder.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 17th March, 1696; countersigned, Steph. Fox, Cha. Montague, John Smith, Tho. Littleton.

A Grant unto Thomas Freke, and his Heirs (in Consideration of 100 /. paid into the Exchequer) of a Piece of Land, and Edifices thereon built, in James's Parish, Westminster, at the yearly Rent of 6 s. 8 now in Lease to the late Earl of St. Albans' Trustees, for several Terms of Years, not expired.

By Warrant to the Clerk of the Pipe, dated 2 April, 1697, to prepare a Lease; signed by Steph. Fox, Cha. Montague, Tho. Littleton.

A Grant unto Tho. Lord Comngsby, and his Heirs (being Part of the Queen Dowager's Jointure) of the Site, and Demesne Lands, of the Priory of Alvecoate, and Manor of Shuttington, in the Counties of Warwick and Stafford, with their Appurtenances, at the Rent of 20s. per Annum.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 19 April, 1697; countersigned, Steph. Fox, Cha. Montague, John Smith, Tho. Littleton.

A Grant unto Joseph Jekyll, Esquire, and his Heirs, of the Manor of Rigate and Howley, Corn' Surrey, with their Appurtenances, at the yearly Rent of 6 s. 8

Warrant signed, William R. dated 20 April, 1697; countersigned, Cha.Montague, John Smith, Tho. Littleton.

A Grant to Denis Cooling, and his Heirs, of the yearly Rent of 500l. payable to his Majesty out of the Profits of the New River Water, together with the reserved Rents of 3/. 6 s. 8 d.per Annum.

Warrant signed, William Rdated 20 Apr. 97; countersigned, Cha. Montague, John Smith, Tho. Littleton.

A Grant, unto Charles Lord Cornwallis, of the Honor of Eye, with Goswold Wood, and the Manors of Horam, Commitis, and Eye, with the Site, and Demesne Lands, of the late Priory of St. Peter, in Eye, and of the Manor of Stradbrook, all in the County of Suffolk, at the yearly < Rent of 10 s.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 4th March, 1696; countersigned, Steph. Fox, Charles Alontague, John Smith, Tho. Littleton.

An Authority, for raising of 14,000l. by Wood sales in the Forest of Dean, within 7 Years, from the 25th of December, 1697, and to pay the same to Henry Seager, without Account, clear of all Charges.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 23 Apr. 97; countersigned, Steph. Fox, Cha. Alontague, Tho. Littleton.

A Grant unto Charles Cornwallis, Esquire, of 1,000l. per Annum, out of the Tenths of the Clergy, for 21 Years, from Lady-day, 1701.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 23 April, 1697; countersigned, Cha. Alountague, John Smith, Tho. Littleton.

A Grant unto Abell Taseyn D' Allone, Esquire, of the Manors of Pickering and Scolby, in the County of York, for 99 Years, from the Death of the Queen Dowager (Part of whose Jointure the Premises are) at 10/. per Annum.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 23 Apr. 97; countersigned, Steph. Fox, Cha. , Littleton.

A Grant unto Alexander Johnstone, Esquire, of all the Estate, found, by Inquisition, ... into his Majesty's Hands, of Sir Roger Strickland, in the County of York, attainted of High Treason; habend1 for 21 Years, from Lady-day, 1697, at the yearly Rent of 6s. Sd. This, upon Surrender of an Annuity of 300l. per Annum, before granted him out of the said Estate.

Warrant signed, dated, and countersigned, as above.

A Grant, and Demise, unto Henry Earl of Romney, of the Queen's House at Greenwich, with Park, the Garden, and several Pieces of Ground thereunto belonging; habend' for 31 Years, from the Date, at 13 4 d. per Annum Rent, subject to a Re-assumption, upon Payment of what shall be expended thereon, not exceeding 5,000l.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 12 August, 1697; countersigned, Cha. Montague, Steph. Fox, John Smith, Tho. Littleton, Tho. Pelham.

A Grant unto William Earl of Portland, and his Heirs, of several Pieces and Parcels of Land in the Parish of St. Ann's Westminster, with the Buildings thereon erected, heretofore called Soho-fields, at 3/. 65.8 per Annum Rent.

Warrant dated 12th January, 1697; signed, and countersigned, as last above.

A Grant unto Emery Argus, et al. of the Stones and Materials of the Clock-house in Westminster, with the Bell there, called Great Tom, for the Benefit of the Poor of St.Margaret's Parish,

Warrant signed, William R. dated 13th July, 1698; countersigned, Steph. Fox, John Smith, Tho. Littleton, Tho. Pelham.

A Grant, or Demise, unto Sidney Lord Godolphin, of Silley Island, with several Rights and Privileges thereunto belonging, for 89 Years, from the Expiration of a Lease, in being, to Francis Godolphin, Esquire, for 50 Years, at 40/. per Annum Rent.

Warrant signed, William R. dated i8lh July, 1698; countersigned, Cha. Montague,

A Grant, unto Dr. Titus Oates, of 300 /. per Annum, out of the Revenue of the Post Office, for 99 Years, if he, and Rebecca his Wife, or either of them, shall so long live.

Warrant signed, dated, and countersigned, as above.

A Grant to Sir Robet't Southwell, et al of all the Estate, late of Otto Baron of Schzveren, in the County of Monmouth, vested in his Majesty, by the said Baron's being an Alien.

Warrant signed, dated, and countersigned, as above.

A Warrant to the Trustees, for Sale of Fee-farm Rents, to contract with the Earl of Dorsett for Fee-farm Rents, to the Value of 500 /. per Annum.

Warrant signed, William //. dated 19 August, 1698; upon which a Warrant was signed the 26 August,

1698,

i Ann.

29 yanuarii.

1698, by Cha. Mount ague, John Smith, Tho. Pelham.

A like Warrant, for the conveying a Fee-farm Rent, of 201, per Annum, to James

Warrant, dated 6 Oct. 1698; signed by Cha. Montague, Steph. Fox, John Smith, Tho. Pelham.

A like Warrant, for conveying to Richard Topham, Esquire, a Rent of 4/. 5 s.4 \per Annum, out of the Manor of Windsor Underoreyand 10/. per Annum, out of Sunhill Park.

Warrant signed, William R. 14 Dec. 1698; upon which a Warrant was signed, 20th Dec. 1698, by Cha. Montague, Step. Fox, John Smith.

A Grant, or Demise, under the Great Seal, by Warrant to the Clerk of the Pipe, unto William Esquire, of Frogmore and Shazo Farms, with their Appurtenances, in the County of Berks, for 99 Years, concurrent with the Terms, unexpired, of the Leases then in being, at 75. per Annum for Shazv Farm, and 5.?. 4 for Frogmore: This in Consideration 011,307/. paid into the Exchequer, and a Surrender, made by the said Aldsworth, of several Parcels of Land to his Majesty's Use.

By Warrant to the Clerk of the Pipe, dated 9 March,

1698, for preparing a Lease, to pass the Great Seal; signed, Cha.Montague, Steph. Fox, John Smith.

A Grant, or Demise, to M m. Smith, Esquire, of several Lands and Premises in Old and New Windsor, for 99 Years, concurrent with the Terms upon the Leases in being, at 5/. 2s. 6d. per Annum Rent: This in Consideration of 130/. paid into the Exchequer, and a Surrender, as before.

Warrant for this Lease, dated 7 Decern. 1698; signed, Ch.Mount ague, Step. Fox, Thomas Pelham, Tho. Littleton.

A Grant, or Demise, unto the Earl of of the

Profits of the original Seal of the Six Counties of Wales, and the Post-fines of the said Counties; for 40

Years in Reversion of the Terms in being, at 60/. 4.?. per Annum, for the original Seals, and 74/. for the Post-tines.

By Warrant to the Clerk of the Pells, dated 19th May,

1699, for preparing a Lease, to pass the Great Seal; signed, Cha. Montague, Steph. Fox, John Smith, Tho. Littleton, Tho. Pelham.

A Grant, or Demise, unto Charles Bertie, Esquire, of the Manors of East and West Deeping, in the County of Lincofne; habend'for 48 Years, from Michaelmas, 1748,

at the yearly Rent of 4/. $\d. and in Consideration

of a Fine of 130/.

By a like Warrant, dated 29th Sept. 1699; signed, Cha. Montague, John Smith, Henry Boyle.

A Grant unto NathaniellCrow, of all the real and personal Estates, late of Arthur Mangey, Robert Child, and John Hurst, in the County of York, forfeited to his Majesty by their Attainder of High Treason; subject to the Payment of 256/. 65. od. and Interest, to Rich. Ashton, Esquire, and 300l. to such Person, as his Majesty within one Year shall direct.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 6th July, 1698; countersigned, Cha. Montague, Stephen Fox, Tlio. Littleton.

A Grant to Lawrence Earl of Rochester, and his Heirs, of a Piece of Wood-land, lying in the North-west Part of Richmond new Park, Coni' Surrey, containing 37 Acres,

3 Roods, 7 Perches, at 65. 8 per Annum Rent.

Warrant signed Willian 1 R. dated 24 Octob. 1698; [countersigned] Cha. Montague, Steph. Far, John Smith, Tho. Littleton, Tho. Pelham.

A Grant unto Sir William Forrester, et al. and their Heirs, in Trust for the Earl of of a Piece of

Ground, called St.James's Ain with

several Parcels of Ground near the Hospital there, and the Mansion-house, and other Buildings thereupon, at 5/. per Annum Rent, payable to the Treasurer of the said Hospital.

Warrant signed, William R. dated, and countersigned, as last above.

A Grant unto IF illiam Cheney, Esquire, and his Heirs,

in Trust for Sir Francis Leigh, Knight, of certain Mes-Voju 14.

suages, Lands, and Tenements, with their Appurtenances, Grants since in Sutton Parish, at Hone, in the County of Kent, late >688. the Estate of John Stafford, alias Howard, outlawed for Treason: This in Consideration of 1,600l. paid the said Sir Francis, and a Rent of 6 s.8 d. per Annum.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 2 February, 1697; countersigned, Cha. Montague, Stephen Fox, John Smith.

A Grant unto James Gastigney, Esquire, of 500l. per Annum, out of the Exchequer, from Christmas, 1697, during his Life.

Warrant signed, William R.dated nth Jan. 1698; countersigned, Steph. Fox, John Smith, Tho. Pelham.

A Grant unto John Gore, Esquire, of the Reversion, expectant in his Majesty, by virtue of the last Will and Testament of Sir William Williams, of Vaynol, in the County of Carnarvon, Baronet, upon the Deaths of Boucher Wray and Chichester Wray, of all the Estate of the said Sir William -, habend' to the said John Gore, and his Heirs, for ever, subject to a Rent-charge of 450/. per Annum, granted thereout by the said Sir William, and to all other lawful Incumbrances, or Securities, charged by him thereupon, and such Rent3, and Services (if any) as were payable at the time of his Death; in Trust for Mr. Smith.

A Grant, to John Mitchell, of Three Tenements, with a Messuage, called JValtohs Mease, lying in Old Windsor, and also of the Rent of 1 o/. per Annum, formerly reserved for the said 3 Tenements, and the Rent of 4/. per Annum for the said Messuage; rendering now to his Majesty a yearly Rent of 1/. 35. 4 only.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 5th of April, 1699; countersigned, Charles Montague, Steph. Fox, John Smith.

A Grant unto RichardTopham, Esquire (in Consideration of 186/. paid into the Exchequer, and of an Assign ment or Conveyance, by him made, of other Lands to his Majesty's Use) of a Wood Ground, called Avelyns Grove, in the Parish of Windsor, with other Lands and Tenements thereunto belonging, and of Two Pasture Closes, called Bushey Leases ,in the said Parish, at seve ral yearly Rents, amounting to 135. 8 per Annum.

A Grant, unto George Moult, of a certain Quantity of Paper, being the Goods of John de Graves, Merchant, valued at 728/. 15 s. id. and forfeited to his Majesty,

Warrant signed, William R. dated the 26 May,. 1699; countersigned, Charles Montague, Steph. Fox, Tho.

Littleton.

A Lease, and Grant, to John Po Esquire, of the Site of the Manor of Old and New Windsor, Com Berks, and Musitians Farm at Eaton, Com' Bucks, for 99 Years from the Date, of several yearly Rents, amounting to 155. per Annum; with a Discharge of 8/. 65. 8 and 9/. 18 4 d. reserved by the Leases in being; and a Grant of a yearly Rent of 16/. 13 s. 4 d.issuing out of the Rectory of Old and New Mrindsor: This in Consideration of an Assignment, or Conveyance, made by him, of certain Lands, for his Majesty's Use.

Warrant signed, William R.dated 24th March, 1698;

countersigned, Charles Mountague, Steph. Fox,

John Smith.

A Grant, to George Booth, of a Pension of 600l. per Annum, for 21 Years, from Lady-day, 1699, out of the Tenths of the Clergy, upon Surrender of the like Pension, formerly granted him for 7 Years, from Christmas, 1696.

Warrant signed, William R. dated the 2t May, 1699; countersigned, Charles Montague, Steph. John Smith, Tho. Littleton.

A Grant, in Fee, unto Nathaniell Brand, and others, in Trust for Sir John Mordent,of the Manor of Old Court,

in the County of Kent, and of Sedwick Park, in the County of Sussex, with their, and every of their, Appurtenances, at several yearly Rents, amounting to 11 /. 185. 4 payable after the Death of Queen Dowager: This in Consideration of 2,000l. paid into the Exchequer.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 11th September,

3699; countersigned, Charles Montague, John Smith, Henry Boyle.

T t A Gran,

Grants since 1688.

166 29 Januarii. A. 170

A Grant, and Confirmation, to the Earl of Mountague, Warrant signed, William 72. dated, and countersigned, of 2,000l. per Annum for himself, and 200l. for his De- as last above.

puty, out of all Arrears due thereupon, in lieu of Mea- A G rant unto Nicholas Brady, Doctor of Divinity, of an surage, and Poundage, as Keeper of the great Wardrobe, old Arrear of 2,572/. 2 <)}d. remaining due to his Ma-

during Life. jesty from Sir Henry Brabant, and others, for tire Rents

W arrant signed, William R, dated 14th November, of Excise Farms, which they held in 1665 and 1668. 1699; countersigned, Charles Montague, Steph. Warrant signed, 72. dated 3d August, 1700;

Fox, John Smith. countersigned, Henry Boyle, Rich.

A Grant unto Edward Ambrose, and Thomas Raw, in A Grant unto Doctor Thomas Bury, of 2,244/. 8 s. 4 Trust for Sir Thomas Cook, and John Cass, Esquire, of which Ralph was indebted to his Majesty, as

the Shares, belonging to Sir John Friend, in the Phoenix Receiver-general for the County of Chester, in the 30th Brew'house, with the Stock in Trade, Debts, Household Year of the Reign of King Charles the 2d; the Money, Goods, Linen, Plate, Jewels, and other Things, forfeited to be recovered, is to be employed to erect Libraries in to his Majesty by the Conviction of the said Sir John Maryland.

Friend: This in Consideration of 1,000l. paid into the Warrant signed, William R. dated the 10th December, Exchequer, and of 4,900l. due from Sir John to the said , 1700; countersigned, Steph. Fox, John

Sir Thomas Cook and Mr. Cass. Henry Boyle, Rich. Hill.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 7th of February, A Privy Seal, directing a Defalcation, or Abatement, 1O99; countersigned, Tahkerville, Stephen Fox, to be made to the Farmers of the Lotteries of 1,000l. per Joj/n Smith, Hen. Boyle, Richard Hill. Annum, out of the Rent of their Farm, for the Remainder

A Grant, to the Earl of Carlisle, of all the personal of their Term, which ends at Michaelmas, 1703; in Con-Estate, forfeited to his Majesty by the Attainder of Sir sideration of their Loss by the late Act for suppressing John Fenwick,in Consideration of 500 /. paid by his Ma- of Lotteries, which takes away all Lotteries, except that

jesty's Direction; with a Clause, directing his Lordship, of the Royal Oak.

after Payment of .500l. and 260/. which was owing to Warrant signed, William 72. dated 3 December, 1700; himself, to apply the Remainder (all Charges deducted) countersigned, Steph. Fox, Henry Boyle, Rich. Hill.

to Debts, owing by the said Sir John Fenwick before his A Grant unto John Farrar, the younger, and Echcard Attainder. of the Estate of Mason, late Receiver-general

Warrant signed, William R. dated the 27 March, of the Taxes for the County of , and Isle of

1700; countersigned, Tankerville, Stephen Fox, Ely, in Trust, for the Benefit of the Purchasers thereof, John Smith, Rich. Hill. the said Estate being seized into his Majesty's Hands, for

A Grant to the Mayor and Church-wardens of Wind- the Sum of 9,791/. o r. 1 owing to the King, on tha sor, of 50/. per Annum, out of the Exchequer, in lieu of said Mason & Accounts: This in Consideration of the said Lands, inclosed by his Majesty, liable to the publick Rates Masons Securities having entered into new Bonds to his and Duties. Majesty, for the Payment of the said Debt.

Warrant signed, William 72. dated the 12th of April, Warrant signed, William 72. dated the 9th Apr. 1701;

1700; countersigned, Tankeixille, Steph. Fox. Hen. countersigned, Godolphin, Henry Boyle, Rich. Hill. Boyle. A Lease, to George London, of a Piece of Ground, being

A Grant unto George Hadley, and others. Trustees in Part of the Place, called the Wilderness, or Woodwork, in a certain Deed of Conveyance, made by Sir Stephen Fox, St. James's Park, for the Term of 50 Years from the and Sir Edw. Hungerjord, of the Manor of Far/eigh, Date, at 8 per Annum Rent; with a Clause of Re-with its Appurtenances, in the County of Somerset, and assumption, upon repaying of the Money he shall expend Wilts, of the legal Estate, which his Majesty has in the in the necessary Buildings and Improvements thereon. Premises, by the Outlawry, for Treason, of John Caryll, By Warrant to the Clerk of the Pipe, dated 25th April, who was another of the said Trustees. 1701, to prepare a Lease, to pass the Exchequer Seal;

Warrant signed, William 72. dated the 21st of Fe- signed by Godolphin, Steph. Fox, Richard Hill.

bruary, 1699; countersigned, Tankerville, John A Release, and Discharge, unto Edward Earl of Jersey, Smith, Richard Hill. of all Process, Seizures, and Extents, to which an Estate,

A Grant, and Confirmation, unto Anthony Sturt, which his Lordship hath lately purchased of Sir Esquire, and Daniel Neale, of the Shares, which they had, in the County of Kent, may be liable, by reason of any in Partnership with Sir John Friend, in the Phoenix Debts, that are, or may be, contracted with the Crown, Brew house, which Shares were, in Strictness, supposed to by Sir Crisp, John Crisp, and Tho. Crisp, as late or be forfeited, by the Attainder of the said Sir John. present Collectors of the Customs in the Port of London.

Warrant signed, William72. dated 22 April, 1700; Warrant signed, William 72. dated 23 Apr. 1701; countersigned, Tankerville, Steph. Fox, Henry Boyle, countersigned, Godolphin, Steph. Rich. Hill.

Rich. Hill. A Grant, unto William Young, of an Annuity of 249/.

A Grant unto John Worth, and others, of the Arrears 3V- 4 payable at the Exchequer, during his Life, in of the Profits of the Havenors Office, of the Duchy of Consideration of a Surrender of his Interest in certain Cornwall,from May, 1696, to the 18th of August, 169S, Offices, Lodges, and Profits, at Hampton Court, amount-the Date of the Lease granted to them: This was done, ing to that yearly Value, which he made to his Majesty, to rectify a Mistake in their Lease. Warrant signed, William 72. dated 30 May, 1701;

Warrant signed, William 72. dated the 28th May, countersigned, Godolphin, Stephen Fox, Henry

1700; countersigned, Tankerville, Step. Fox, John Boyle, Rich. Hill.

Smith, Hairy Boyle, Richard Hill. A Warrant, under his Majesty's Sign Manual, for

A Lease, to the Earl of Jersey, of a Lodge, now in his granting unto Theobald and others, for the

Possession, in Hide Park, with Gardens, and Lands, Else of the lown of the Walls and Stones of

thereunto belonging, for 5] Years from the Date, at the old Block-house, called Castle; the same to

13 . 4 d.per Annum Rent; with a Clause of Re- be applied towards the Building, or repairing, of the assumption, on Payment of what hath been, or shall be, Bridge at W:ymouth.

expended on the Premises. W arrant signed, William R. dated 11 June, 1701;

Warrant signed, William 72. dated the 2d July, 1700; countersigned, Godolphin, Step. Fox, Hen. Boyle,

countersigned, Tankerville, Steph. Fox, John Smith, Rich. Hill, Pelham.

Henry Boyle, Rich. Hill. A Grant unto Samuel Travers, Esquire, his Majesty's

A Lease, to John Viscount Fitzharding, of the Build- Surveyor-general, and others, of a small Piece of Ground, ings and Lodgings, now in his Possession, in St. James's lying near Greenwich Hospital; habend' to them, and Park, for 50 Years, from the Date, at 13 s.4 d.with a their Heirs, forever, in Trust, for the Benefit of the said

like Clause of Re-assumption. Hospital, at 135. 4 per Annum Rent

A Lease

i Ann. 29° Januani. 167

A Lease unto Jasper English, as an Equivalent for certain Meadow Lands, by him surrendered to his Majesty, at Hampton Court, of several other small Pieces of Land there, with the House called the for the Term of 71 Years, concurrent with the Interest he has now in the same Premises, by Assignment from the Housekeeper at Hampton Court, at several yearly Rents, amounting to 20/. 105. per Annum.

By Warrant to the Clerk of the Pipe, dated 24 th June, 1701; signed Hen. Boyle, Rich. Hill, Tho. Pelham.

A Discharge unto William Earl of Portland, of 1,066 Ounces of gilt Plate, and 5,893 Ounces of white Plate, which he received from his Majesty's Jewel Office, upon his Embassy Extraordinary to France.

Warrant signed, William R. dated the 27th June', 1701; countersigned, as last above.

A Lease unto Matthew Prior, Esquire, of a small Piece of Ground, between the Wall of St. James's Park, and the House he now lives in, for 45 Years, from the Date, at 6$. 8 d.per Annum Rent: This in Consideration of 300l.

paid Anthony Row, Esquire, the present l'owl-keeper in St. James's Park, for his Interest in the Premises.

By Warrant to the Clerk of the Pipe, dated 23d July, 1701; signed Godolphin, Hen. Boyle, Rich. Hill, Tho. Pelham.

A Discharge, unto Edward Earl of Jersey, of 5,701 Ounces of white Plate, and 5,893 Ounces of gilt Plate, delivered to him, as Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary for the Treaty of Peace; as also of 1,082 Ounces of gilt Plate, received from the said Jewel Office, upon his being sent Ambassador Extraordinary to France.

Warrant signed, William R.dated 12th August, 1701; countersigned, Godolphin, Hen. Boyle, Rich. Hill, Tho. Pelham.

A like Discharge, unto Tho. Earl of Pembroke and Montgomery, of 5,543 Ounces and Half of white Plate, and 1,316 Ounces of gilt Plate, delivered to him, as Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary for the Treaty of Peace.

Warrant sigued, William R. dated 12th August, 1701; countersigned, Godolphin, Fox, Hen. Boyle,

Richard Hill, Tho. Pelham.

A Grant unto Peter King, and Thomas Marriott, and their Heirs, at the Nomination of Henry Earl of Suffolk, and others, of the Mansion-house, called Audley End, Com Essex, with the Park, Lands, and Tenements, thereunto belonging, upon certain Trusts, in the said Grant mentioned: This in Consideration, as well of a Release, made to his Majesty, of 20,0001, which remained unsatisfied of 50,000l. agreed, by the late King Charles the 2d, to be paid to James Earl of Suffolk, for the Inheritance of the said House, and Park, as of a Surrender of the Offices of Housekeeper, Under-housekeeper, and W'ardrobe-keeper, there, and a Release of all Monies, due on Account of Repairs, or for Salary for keeping the same.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 16th August 1701; countersigned, Steph.Fox, Henry Boyle, Rich. Hill.

A Grant unto Susanna Perkins (the Widow of Sir Perkins, executed for Treason) of all the Estate, forfeited to his Majesty by the Attainder and Conviction of the said Sir Wm.subject to the Payment of 200l. owing from Sir Wm.toFrancis Arunde/l, Esquire, and 500l. and Interest, owing from him to H illiam Somerville, Esquire, as also to the Payment of 116 /. 3 s. 10 d.for the Charges his Majesty had been at, in finding and seizing the said Estate.

Warrant signed, William R.dated 12 Mar. 1700-1; countersigned, Steph. Fox, John Smith, Henry Boyle, Richard Hill.

A Discharge, unto Robert Lord Lexington, of 5,893 Ounces of white Plate, and 1,066 Ounces of gilt Plate, delivered to him from the Jewel Office, as one of the Ambassadors Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary for the Treaty of Peace.

Warrant signed, William R. dated the 18th of Nov. 1701; countersigned, Steph, Fox, Henry Boyle, Rich. Hill, Tho. Pelham.

24 January, 1702-3. JVm. Lowndes.

Vo u 14,

Memorandum: Such Grants, as have passed under the Seals of the Duchy and County Palatine of Lancaster, are not in this List.

Wm. Lowndes.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Auditors of the Duchy of Lancaster, North and South, do lay before this House an Account of all Grants, and to whom made, under the Duchy Seal, since the 13th day of February, 1688, and in Trust for whom, and of the Warrants, by which they were passed.

Mr. Freeman (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for the encouraging the Consumption of malted Corn, and for preventing the Frauds in running French Brandy, was committed, the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, touching Low Wines, and Spirits.

And the same w as once read, and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Hoskins, and Sir Robert Legard:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords desire a free Conference with this House, on Monday next, in the Painted Chamber, at One of the Clock, upon the Subject-matter of the last free Conference, concerning the Bill, for preventing occasional Conformity.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to a free Conference, as the Lords do desire.

And the Messengers were called in, and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Ordered, That the Members, who managed the last free Conference, do manage the said free Conference.

The House proceeded in the further Consideration of the Observations of the Commissioners for taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom.

And the 14th Observation being read;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for preventing Frauds in her Majesty's Duties upon stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and for remedying some Defects in the Acts relating to the said Duties, is committed, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, for the passing regular and annual Accounts of the gross Produce, as well as of the Cash Account, of the Stamp Duties.

The 15th, J 6th, 17th, 18th, 19th, 20th, 21st, 22d, 23d, 24th, 25th, 2661, and 27th Observations, relating to the Commissioners of the Customs, were severally read, and the Commissioners of the Customs Answ er to each Observation.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, take into Consideration the Petition of JSathaniell Senior, and the Commissioners of the Customs Answer thereunto, and the other Papers laid before the House, relating the reunto.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do attend this House upon Tuesday Morning next

The 28th Observation was read, and the Answer of the Commissioners of the Customs thereunto.

The last Observation being read;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Grants since 1688.

Running of Brandy.

Occasional

Conformity

Publick

Accounts.

Supply Bill; Subsidies.

Clandestine

exporting

Wool.

Monies for Tep tiring Churches.

Qualification ot Members.

Brampton Exchange of Lauds.

Dr. Delawn thanked.

Army Debts.

168 290 Januarii.-

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for granting divers Subsidies to her Majesty, for carrying on the present War, was committed, be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Bill, to prevent the Exportation of Wool, be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next, in a full House.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, for the more easy Recovery of Monies for repairing Churches, be read the Third time upon Tuesday Morning next

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for the more free and impartial Proceedings in Parliament, by providing, that no Persons shall be chosen Members of the House of Commons, but such as have sufficient real Estates.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lunce, 1 die

Anno primo Annas Regina.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act, concerning the Exchange of certain Lands, lying in or near Brampton, in the County of Northampton, for Lands, lying in or near JVickham, in the County of coln, was read a Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir George Beaumont do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, w ithout any Amendments.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to Dr. Delawn, Vice-chancellor of the University of Oxford, for the Sermon by him preached before this House on Saturday last, at St. Margaret's, Westminster; and that he be desired to print the same; and that Mr. Bridges, Mr. Bromley, and Mr. Rozcncy, do acquaint him therewith.

A Petition of Ephraim Date Esquire, and William Hamilton, Gentleman, for and on the behalf of several of the Inhabitants of the Kingdom of Ireland, who furnished the Army with Provisions, and other Necessaries, in the late War, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, in the Year 1689, their late Majesties ordered, that the English Army, then in the said Kingdom, should be furnished with such Necessaries, as they had Occasion for, by the Inhabitants, amongst whom they were quartered, without paying ready Money; and the Debts they should so contract, should be stopped out of their Pay, and paid the Inhabitants: That they did supply them, not only with Provisions, and other Necessaries, both in Quarters, and in the Camp (at very small Rates) but also with all Sorts of Merchandize, which they had occasion for,' and many of them contracted great Debts, to render themselves capable of providing such Necessaries for them, not doubting, the same would be paid in some short Time after: That they, pursuant to their Majesties Orders, gave the Inhabitants Assignments on their Pay: That the Debts might be ascertained, and the Country be paid, their Majesties afterwards, by Commission under the Great Seal of England, appointed Commissioners, to state the Accounts thereof; which being accordingly stated, an Account of that Charge was transmitted to England (the said Army being then on the English Establishment) and stopped out of the Arrears, as by their Abstracts, and the Paymaster-general's Books, appear: And praying, that there may be a Clause in the Bill (intituled, An Act for reviving and continuing the Act, for appointing Commissioners, to take, examine, and determine, the Debts, due to the

-1° Februarii. . 1702.

Army, Navy, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes, taken during the late War) impowering the said Commissioners to state the Accounts of the Inhabitants, and to issue Certificates for Deben-. tures accordingly, or such other Relief, as to the House should seem meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for reviving and continuing the Act, for appointing Commissioners, to take, examine, and determine, the Debts, due to the Army, Navy, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes, taken during the late War, is committed.

A Petition of David Batigne, Agent of his late Majesty's Army Regiment of French Dragoons, under the Marquis Miremont's Command, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, after disbanding the Regiment, the Lord Ranelagh refusing, in stating their Accounts, to allow the Pay of the Surgeon's Mate, as allowed to others, the Petitioner applied to his Majesty, who was pleased, by his 'Warrant, of the 10th of January, 1699, to order the Lord Ranelagh to pay 121 /. 2 for the Pay of the Sufgeon's Mate, from the 1st of January,

1096, to the 27th of August, 1698; which Warrant is unsatisfied, the Lord Ranelagh saying, that the Money, given lor the LTse of the said Regiment, was otherwise disposed: That the Petitioner cannot be paid, except the Commissioners, for regulating the Accounts of the Army, be impowered to certify, and allow, necessary Debentures for Payment of the same: And praying the Consideration of his Case, and that the House will give the necessary Directions for his Relief.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for reviving and continuing the Act, for appointing Commissioners, to take, examine, and determine, the Debts, due to the Army, Navy, and for Transport Service, and [also] an Account of the Prizes, taken during the late War, is committed.

A Petition of Major-general George Ramsay, David Ditto. Lord Portmoi'e, Brigadier Henry Withers, Co\one\ Edward Fox, Sic. in behalf of themselves, and other Foot Officers, who served, during the late War, in Flanders, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, to defray the extraordinary Expences of keeping Horses in Winter, for carrying the Soldiers Tents, and other Necessaries of the Campaign, there was a yearly Allowance of Forage and Waggon-money paid the Petitioners, till the latter End of 1O95: That for 1696, and 1697, no Money was paid them for this Purpose, and Subsistence failing then short, the Officers did, with great Difficulty, support themselves, and Companies, in a Capacity of Service, and were necessitated to contract several Debts in Quarters, at their great Loss: And praying the House to grant them Relief in this Hardship, by directing the Commissioners appointed for stating the Accounts of the Army,

&;c. to give Certificates for this Debt ot Forage and Waggon-money, so long and justly due to the Petitioners.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for reviving and continuing the Act, for appointing Commissioners, to take, examine, and determine, the Debts, due to the Army, Navy, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes, taken during the late War, is committed. /

A Petition of Robert Ayleway, Esquire, was presented Ditto, to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner, being Commissary and Comptroller of the Train of Artillery in Ireland, during the War, did furnish and deliver [into ] their late Majesties Stores there, for the Use of the said Train, several Quantities of Brass and Iron, to the Value of 245/. 125. ,5 d.and in October, 1689, when the Army was encamped at Dundalkc, there was furnished, of the Petitioner's Corn, for the Use of the Horses belonging to the said Train (which were thert in great Want of

Forage)

Tkis Word is supplied from the original Petilioa.

Araj Debts.

Ditto

Ditto.

i AnK. i°

Forage) to the Value of 417/- for which the Petitioner hath received no Satisfaction, there being no Money appointed in Ireland, for discharging the said Debt after the End of the War: And, as the furnishing the said Stores, and Provisions, was a great Service and Advantage to the Publick, at that Time, he prays the Consideration of his Condition, and, that Leave be given, for a Clause to be brought into the Bill, now before the House, for stating the Accounts of the Army, to examine and ascertain his said Debt, and that the same may be satisfied out of the Irish Forfeitures, or such other Provision made for his Belief, as should be thought fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for reviving and continuing the Act, for appointing Commissioners, to take, examine, and determine, the Debts, due to the Army, Navy, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes, taken during the late War, is committed.

A Petition of Edward Douglas was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner was appointed one of the Deputy Commissaries to the late Two old Marine Regiments, and served, as such, until the said Regiments were disbanded: That he never received any ray for his Service, nor had the Benefit of Half-pay. And praying the House, to order, that his Account may be stated by the Commissioners, appointed to state the Accounts of the Army, Navy, according to the Establishment for the said Regiments, so that he may be paid his Arrears.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for reviving and continuing the Act, for appointing Commissioners, to take, examine, and determine, the Debts, due to the Army, Navy, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes, taken during the late War, is committed.

A Petition of Nathaniel Boothe, Esquire, was presented

to the House, and read; setting forth, that, during the late War in Ireland, the Petitioner's House, called the Black Fryars, in the City of Chester, was converted into an Hospital, by Warrant from Duke Schcmberge, and the sick and wounded, from the Camp in Ireland, were sent there, and likewise the Lands, thereto belonging, w'ere made use of for keeping of his late Majesty's Waggons, Carts, and Carriages; for w'hichbe was promised a Satisfaction, but never received any: And praying the Consideration of his Case, and such Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for reviving and continuing the Act, for appointing Commissioners, to take, examine, and determine, the Debts, due to the Armjt Navy, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes, taken during the late War, is committed.

A Petition of Captain William in behalf of himself,

and the other Officers and Soldiers in her Majesty's Royal Regiment, commanded by the Right Honourable the Earl of Orkney, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that in 1690, and 1691, the said Regimeel was commanded by Sir Robert Duglasc, deceased, who employed one James Deans, deceased, to be Agent for the said Regiment: That the said Deans received several Sums of Money from the Paymaster-general, for the Use of the said Regiment, for which he never accounted: That in May last the Accounts of the Regiment came before the Commissioners, for stating the Accounts of the Army; to whom the Petitioner applied, that they would please to issue their Precepts to the Executors of Deans, that they might be obliged to make up the Accounts of the said Regiment; but the Commissioners Power not extending to Executors, or Administrators, in that Case, the Petitioner hath not been able to get the said Accounts stated:

Vol. 14.

And praying the Hduse, to direct a Clause in the Bill for continuing the Commissioners of Accounts, whereby they may be empowered to oblige the Executors of the said Deans to account for what be received of the Paymaster-general.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, fdt reriving and continuing the Act, for appointing Commissioners, to take, examine, and determine, the Debts, due to the Army, Navy, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes, taken during the late War, is committed.

Ordered, That the late Commissioners do lay before Army this House, an Account of the Deductions, which have deductions, been made by the said Commissioners, for Debts, in Quarters, to the People of Ireland.

Mr. Snell (according to Order) presented to the House Exeter free a Bill, for making the City of Exeter a Port, for the ex Port> porting Wool from Ireland; and the same was received.

An ingrossed Bill, for continuing several Laws therein Exporting mentioned, was read the Third time. Leather, &c.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be.

An Act for continuing former Acts, for exporting Leather; and for Ease of Jurors; and for reviving, and making more effectual, an Act relating to Vagrants.

Ordered, That Sir William Hustler do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence thereto.

An ingrossed Bill, for the encouraging the Consump- Running of tion of malted Corn, and for preventing the Frauds in Bra"dy. running of French Brandy, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act for the encouraging the Consumption of malted Com, and for the better preventing the running of French and foreign Brandy.

Ordered, That Mr. Freeman do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill, for the more effectual preventing the Woollen Ma-Abuses, and Frauds, of Persons, employed in working up nufacture . the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, and Cotton, Manufactures of this Kingdom, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act for the more effectual preventing the Abuses, and Frauds, of Persons, employed in the working up the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, and Iron, Manufactures of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. Clayton do carry the Bill to the " Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Petition of the Stationers of on behalf of Frauds in

themselves, and the other Stationers, trading in and about the said City, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners are obliged, for carrying on of their Trade, to employ much larger Stocks, than before the Stamp Duties were imposed, by reason of the great Sums of ready Money, they must pay for those Duties j for which Reason they made Application to the House of Commons, when the Act, for the additional Stamp Duties, was passing, to have a further Allowance, for present Payment, beyond that, which was allowed by a former Act; viz. 3$. out of every 10/. paid atone Time into the Receipt of the said Duties; and a Clause was passed for their Relief, whereby (as it was then and since understood) the said former Allowance was doubled; but the Commissioners will not allow them any more than 3 out of each 10/. for prompt Payment, insisting, that the said Clause (as 'tis worded) will extend no further; whereby they ore discouraged from sending Quantities of stampt Paper and Parchment to their Country Customers, and the Commissioners are at a Charge, to supply the Country, much greater, than such double Allowance would amount to, besides the Hazards of bad Debts, and the Loss of Interest of Money: And praying Relief, by a Clause in the Bill depending, for preventing Frauds in her

V Majesty's

Savoy

Revenue *

Interest on

Transport

Debentures.

Debt for Quarters.

Answer to Resolutions and Address.

170

Majesty's Duties upon stampt Vellom, Parchment, and Paper, and for remedying some Defects in the Acts relating to the said Duties.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Edrn. Merydale, Francis Strutt, Robert

Bampton, and John Baker, on behalf of themselves, and divers others, the Tenants of the Lands and Revenues of the dissolved Hospital of the Savoy, and now inhabiting in the Precinct of the Savoy, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, in case the Bill, for enabling her Majesty to settle the Lands and Revenues of the dissolved Hospital of the Savoy, to such charitable and publick Uses, as are therein mentioned, should, pass into a Law, as it is drawn, will greatly prejudice them in their Privileges and Liberties, which they, and their Predecessors, time out of mind, have enjoyed as Tenants to the Foundation: And praying to be heard by their Counsel against the same.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Masters and Owners of Ships, and others concerned in the Debentures, made out for the Irish Transport Service, on behalf of themselves, and others concerned in that Debt, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners Ships were, many of them, pressed into the said Service, and at such Rates, as his Majesty's Commissioners thought fit to allow: That the Petitioners were forced to victual, and pay the Seamen's Wages, out of their own Pockets, now 14 Years ago, and were about Six Years, before any Interest was allowed, to the Ruin of many Masters, Owners, and Seamen: That it is impossible for them to purchase Irish Lands with their Debentures, in many of which 20 or 30 are concerned, and the Lands, if bought with them, must be div ided, and so of no Value to the particular Persons: That they are informed, the Lands are held up so dear by the Trustees, as discourages Purchasers from buying Debentures, insomuch that they are now above 30 per Cent. Discount, which, with the Six Years the Petitioners had no Interest, they have not above 40 per Cent, of their just Debts, which were stated, not only in the ordinary Method, but by Commissioners, appointed by Parliament; and, should the Interest be stopt, some of the Petitioners, and their Families, must be utterly ruined: And praying to be heard by their Counsel, at the Bar, or otherwise, against the Clause in a Bill before the House, for stopping the Interest on the Debentures.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Peter Shackerly, Esquire, Governor of the City and Castle of Chester,on behalf of the Victuallers

of the said City, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there being a Company of Invalids ordered to do Duty in die Garrison, the Sheriffs assigned them Quarters upon the Victuallers, who subsisted them for more than three Quarters of a Year, without receiving any Pay: That, upon Orders issued out by the Petitioner, for settling the Debts to the 19th of August last, it appeared, it amounted to S81/. 1 s. 2>\d. That the Debts are since considerably increased, to the great Detriment and Prejudice of the said Victuallers: And praying the House, to'take the Premises into Consideration.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until a Clause of Appropriation shall he brought in.

Colonel Granville acquainted the House, that he having laid before her Majesty the Resolutions of tills House, and also presented their Address to her Majesty, relating to the Lord Halifax, her Majesty was pleased to give this gracious Answer; viz.

I will send to the Attorney-general, and give him my Directions, pursuant to Uiis Address.

A. 170 a.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a St Paul' Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for Cathedral, finishing, adorning, and securing, the Cathedral Church of St. Pauls.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments to it, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow -Morning.

The Managers, appointed, went to the free Conference Occasional with the Lords, upon the Subject-matter of the last free Coufonmtjr. Conference on the Bill, for preventing occasional Conformity.

And being returned;

Mr. Bromley reported, that they had m6t the Lords at the free Conference: That it was managed, on the Part of the Lords, by the Lord Steward j who acquainted them, that the Lords had desired this tree Conference, to preserve a good Correspondence [a] between the two Houses; and that the Lords do adhere to all their Amendments to the Bill, except their Amendment in Skin 2d, L. 4; viz.

Leave out from " Family' to " shall," in L. 15: And do agree, that That Part of the Clause, which was to be left out, by the said Amendment, shall stand Part of the Bill.

Ordered \That the Report of the free Conference, with the Lords, upon Saturday last was Fortnight, be made, by the Managers of the said free Conference.

Ordered, That the Managers do inspect the Journals, and report the ancient Methods of free Conferences, and the Precedents thereof.

Resolved, That this House will (when the said Report of the free Conference, upon Saturday last was Fortnight shall be made) take the Report of the free Conference, this Day, into consideration.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Hoskins, and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, inituled, An Act Woodford for the better repairing and amending the Highways, from Koad . the North End of Thornwood Common, to in

the County of Essex, without any Amendments:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Hackett's Act for enabling Andrew Hackett, Esquire, to dispose of Ule several Messuages, and Lands, in the Counties of Stafford, and Warwick, and City of Utc/i/ield, for making Provision

for his younger Children, upon settling another Estate in Stroxton, in the County of Lincoln, of better Value, to the same Uses, as the Messuages, and Lands, in the Counties of Stafford and Warwick, and City of Litchfield, was settled, without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Army Debts, ing next (after the Committee, upon the Bill, for the more free and impartial Proceedings in Parliament, by providing, that no Persons shall be chosen Members of £he House of Commons, but such, as have sufficient real Estates) resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for reviving and continuing the Acts, for appointing Commissioners, to take, examine, and determine the Debts, due to the Army, Navy, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes, taken during the late War.

The House resumed the adjourned Debate, of Friday publiclc last, upon the last Observation of the Commissioners, for Accounts, taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom.

And the Resolutions of the 4th and 7th of December last, relating to the Earl of Ranelagh, were read.

' Resolved.

[a] " Conference," Qrig.

to Februarii.

Punishing Mutiny and Desertion.

Supply Bill Subsidies.

Pane's

Estate.

Savoy

Revenues.

St. Paul's Cathedral.

Hoare't

Estate.

Ann.

2° Febtuariu

7

Resolved, That Richard Earl of Randagh, late Paymaster of the Forces, is guilty of a high Crime and Misdemeanor, in misapplying several Sums of the publick Money.

Resolved, That Richard Earl of Randagh, for his said Offences, be expelled this House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be drawn up, to be presented to her Majesty, upon the Narrative, Representation, and Observations, of the said Commissioners of Accounts, and upon the Resolutions of this House thereupon, and upon the Debate of the House.

Ordered, That a Committee, be appointed to draw up the said Address.

And it is referred to Mr. Finch, Mr. Solicitor-general, Sir Chr. Musgraoe, Colonel Granville, Mr. Sir

GodjiyJCopley, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Rawney, Mr. Conyers,

Mr. Chancellor of the Duchy, Mr. Mr. Conyers,

Sir Hum. Mackworth, Mr. Bromley, Mr.

Colonel Lee, Mr. Ccesar, Mr. Haw, Mr. Moor, Mr.

Freeman, Mr. Take, Sir Roger Mostyn, Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. Comptroller, Sir William Drake, Mr. Cartwright, Sir Math. Dudley, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Haw, Mr. Harper, Mr. Laic son, Colonel Byerley, Mr. Pemberton-, or any Five of them: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for punishing Officers, or Soldiers, who shall mutiny, or desert her Majesty's Service, and for punishing false Musters, and for better Payment of Quarters.

Ordered, That the Report, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting divers Subsidies to her Majesty, for carrying on the present War, was committed, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Ashbumham, Sir Willoughby Hickman, Mr. Levinz, Mr. Moor, Sir Tho. Travell, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Trustees, and Executors of the last Will and Testament of Thomas Fane, Esquire, deceased, to pay an Annuity unto Mildmay Fane, Esquire, for his Maintenance and Education, until he shall attain his Age of One-and Years, is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Masters, Mr. Harcourt, Sir Matth.

Jenison, Mr. Smithson, Mr. Pudsey, Mr. Topham, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill, to enable Ijer Majesty to settle the Lands and Revenues of the late dissolved Hospital of the Savoy, to such charitable and publick Uses, as are therein mentioned, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mart is, 2 die Februarii;

Anno primo Ann® Regina.

Prayers.

MR. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for finishing, adorning, and securing, the Cathedral Church of St.Paul's, was committed, the Amendments, made to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second Time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Executrix oi James Hoare, Esquire, deceased, to pay a Sum of Money, in Discharge of a Trust in her reposed by his Will, was read a Second time.

Vol. 14.

Resolved, That the Bili be committed to Sir Wmi Drake, Mr. Guy, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. Mason, the Lord Cheine, Mr. Casar, Mr. Lloyd, Sir John Williams,

Sir John Key, Sir Fran. Blake, Mr. Serjeant \

Mr. Hyde, Mr. Rawney, Mr. Freem, Mr. Hicks, the Lord Coningsby, Mr. Crosse, Mr. Compton, Mr. ford, Mr. Benson, Mr. Cox, Mr. Anstys, Mr. Conyers,

Mr. Harley, Sir Henry Lyddell, Mr. Topham, Mr.

Bingham, Mr. Southwell, Sir Char. Barrington, Sir Edward Hungerford, Mr. Morgan, Sir Roger Mostyn; and all, that serve for the County of Surrey: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Petition of Abraham White and JFilliam Brittaine, Army Debt . Serjeants in Colonel Titchbum's Regiment of Foot,

Alexander Christie, Serjeant, Robert Neswith, Corporal,

in Sir David Collier's Regiment, now Lord Portmore, on the behalf of them, as also several Executors and Administrators of several Persons, who are now deceased, in the said Regiment, with several other Persons, relating to other Regiments, who have Moneys due to them for their distinct Services in the late Wars, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that most of them having served in reducing of Ireland, as also in the Wars of Flanders, until the Peace, by which there are divers Sums of Money become due to them, and (being debarred of the same) did apply to the Commissioners, for stating the Accounts of the Army, who told them, that they were not impowered to take cognizance of any Account, but what did depend betwixt Officer and Officer, and Agent and Officer; so that the Petitioners, not being in any Capacity for to call their Officers, or Agents, to Account, are reduced to great Poverty, and several, and their Family, are become burthensome to their respective Parishes: And praying to be heard by their Counsel, for to offer such Expedients, whereby the Commissioners may be authorized to state the Accounts, as well theirs, as the respective Officers, and Agents.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be. referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for reviving and continuing the Act, for appointing Commissioners, to take, examine, and determine, the Debts, due to the Army, Navy, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes, taken during the late War, is committed.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Caldicott's for raising One thousand Five hundred Pounds, by Estate Mortgage of Lands in the County of Dorset, for Payment of Debts, and for a further Provision and Maintenance for the younger Children of Philip Caldicott, Esquire, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Moncton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, this House hath agreed to the Bill, without any Amendment

Mr. Hicks offered from the Committee, to whom the Vesey's ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of divers Lands in the County of Kildare, and Kingdom of Ireland (being the Estate of Agmondishstm Vesey,

Esquire, and his Two Daughters, Ann Vesey and Henrietta

Vesey) for the paying of Debts, and clearing Incumbrances, charged thereon, and also for impowering the said Agmondisham Vesey to make Leases, for any Term, not exceeding One-and-twenty Years, was committed, the Report of the said Bill:

But the House being informed, that there was some Part of the Bill, which ought to be further examined;

Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed to the same Committee.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Loane'» for the better Execution of the Will of John Loane, E,ute Esquire, deceased, and for Sale of Part of his Estate, to pay his Debts and Legacies, for preserving the Residue thereof, was read the Third time.

Resolved,

Monies for

repairing

Churches.

Irish Forfeitures.

Interest on Debentures.

Ditto.

172

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bertie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Bill, without any Amendments.

An ingrossed Bill, for the more easy Recovery of Money for the Repair of Churches and Chapels, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That the Act shall not extend to deprive the ecclesiastical Courts of this Realm for holding Conusance of Suits for Repairs of Churches, or compel the Repairs of Churches, or Church-yards, Chapels, or Chancels, and to provide Ornaments and Utensils for Churches and Chapels; nor to deprive them of any Jurisdiction over Church-wardens, Chapel-wardens, or their Assistants, save only, as to the levying Church-rates, and accounting for the Moneys by them expended in Execution of that Office.

And the same was thrice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for the more easy Recovery of Moneys for repairing Churches.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Bill, for advancing the Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, and for securing such, as shall remain unsold or undisposed by the present Trustees, for the Purposes intended by the late Acts concerning the same, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the Merchants, and Owners of the Ships belonging to Bideford, and Parts adjacent, that have been employed in the Service of his late Majesty, for Transportation, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the House having passed a Vote, to stop the Interest due on Debentures, for the said Service, and should they be deprived of that Income, by which their Families are supported, will tend to their utter Ruin; but they rely on the Support of the House, not doubting, but that, seeing the House formerly made Provision for the Payment of the said Interest, which, by their Charter-parties, they are to have, until the Debt be discharged: And praying the Consideration of their Case, and to continue the said Interest, and some effectual Course to be taken, that the Principal may be discharged.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for advancing the Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, and for securing such, as shall remain unsold or undisposed by the present Trustees, for the Purposes intended by the late Acts concerning the same, is committed.

A Petition of several Officers of the Army, in behalf of themselves, and many others in the same Circumstances and Condition, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners are informed, there is a Clause in a Bill, depending in the House, to stop the Interest given on the Debentures for their Arrears, and the other Officers of the Army, which, if made into a Law, will put the Petitioners out of a Condition to part with their said Debentures at any tolerable Discount, which is the only Way to pay the Debts contracted in the War, or furnish themselves with Necessaries to go into the Field this Year, it being utterly impossible for them to be Purchasers of I mds in Ireland (where they have no Dependance, or Friends) with such broken Sums, as arc coming to them: And praying the House, so far to

A. 1702.

consider the faithful Service of the said Officers, and of the Petitioners in particular, as to suffer their Interest to continue, according to the Law now in being.

Ordered, That die Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for advancing the Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, and for securing such, as shall remain unsold or undisposed by the present Trustees, for the Purposes intended by the late Acts concerning the same, is committed.

A Petition of the Masters and Owners of the Ships, that served in the Transport of 1693, on the behalf of them selves, and others, concerned in the Debentures for that Year, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners did, by their Charter-Parties, agree to have Interest, from a Month after thfe Discharge of their Ships, till paid: That there is now due to them upwards ot Nine Years Interest, without ever receiving one Penny, either lor Principal, or Interest, to the great Damage, and almost utter Ruin, of many of them: That they are informed, there is a Clause in a Bill, now depending before the House, for stopping the said Interest; which, if it pass, would be prejudicial to them, and all others concerned in the Debentures lor that Service, and against the Agreement and Charter-party, and take from them what is settled by Act of Parliament: And praying to be heard by their Counsel against the Clause, or be otherwise relieved in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the w hole House, to whom the Bill, for advancing the Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, and for securing such, as shall remain unsold or undisposed by the present Trustees, for the Purposes intended by the late Acts concerning the same, is committed.

A Petition of divers of the Officers and Clothiers of the Army, on the behalf of themselves, and others, concerned in the Debentures, was presented to the House) and read; setting forth, that great Part of their Estates consist in Debentures for their Service in the late War, and for Money advanced for cloathing the Army, on which the last Parliament gave them an Interest of 5 /. per Cent, without which those Debentures were not saleable for more than a Moiety due on them: And praying (before the Act for their Relief, by giving them the said Interest, be repealed, and the said Interest stopt). may be heard by their Counsel, to shew their Right, or otherwise relieved, and secured in their legal Rights and Prop erties.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition, and also of the Petition of the Masters and Ow ners of Ships, and others, concerned in the Debentures, made out for the Irish Transport Service, on behalf of themselves, and others concerned in that Debt (presented to the House, and read, Yesterday) be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to w hom the Bill, for advancing the Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, and for securing such, as shall remain unsold or undisposed by the present Trustees, for the Purposes intended by the late Acts concerning the same, is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to impower those, that are to sell the forfeited Estates in Ireland, upon Payment of Part of the Purchase-money, to allow a longer Time for Payment of the Residue, with Interest.

Ordered, That the two Trustees for the Irish Forfeitures, who are in Town, do attend the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for the better Accommodation of her Majesty's Navy.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee ®f the whole House,

2° Februarii.

Interest oft Debenture *

Ditto.

Accommodation of tfce Navy,

Frauds in

Stamp

Duties.

i Ann. a9 — 3° Februanu 173

House, upon the Bill, for preventing Frauds in her Majesty's Duties upon stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and for remedying some Defects in the Acts relating to the said Duties.

Raising tie Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

Militia. at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising the Militia of this Kingdom, for the Year One Thousand Seven hundred and Three, notwithstanding the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be iiot repaid.

Resumption Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn-

of Grams, fog next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for resuming such Grants, as are therein mentioned.

Clandestine Ordered, That the Bill to prevent the Exportation of exporting Wool, be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

H OOK

Publick Resolved, That this House w ill now proceed in the

Accounts. Consideration of the Petition of Nathanael Senior, and the Commissioners of the Customs Answer, and the other Papers, relating the reunto.

- And the House proceeded accordingly.

And the Petitio:iof the said Nathanael Senior was read; and the Commissioners of the Customs Answer, and other Papers, relating the reunto, were read.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs be discharged from further Attendance.

Supply Bill; Ordered', That the Report from the Committee of the

Subsidies. «l10ie House, to whom the Bill, for granting divers Subsidies to her Majesty, for carrying on the present War, was committed, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

Savoy Ordered, That Mr. Cox, Mr. Smithson, Mr. Mr.,

Revenues. Bcscaven, Mr. Saycr, Sir Jennison, Mr.

veil, and Mr. Hervey, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill, to enable her Majesty to settle the Lands and Revenues of the late dissolved Hospital of the Savoy, to such charitable and publick Uses, as are therein mentioned, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 3 die Februarii, Anno pt'imo Anrne Regina.

Will and Testament of Thomas Fane, Esquire, deceased, to pay an Annuity unto Mildmay Fane, Esquire, for his Maintenance and Education, until he shall attain his Age of One-and-twenty Years, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations in the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are, as follow; viz.

Pr. 3d, L. 28, and 29. Leave out, " One-and-twenty," and instead insert " Sixteen;" and after " Years" add " the clear yearly Sum " or Annuity of Three hundred Pounds,

" of lawful Money of England; and " after his said Age of Sixteen Years,

" and until his Age of One-and-twenty " Years, the yearly Sum of Five hundred Pounds, of like lawful Money " of England."

L. 31. After " aforesaid" leave out to " for" in L. the 33d.

L. 39. After " yearly" leave out to " declare" in the next Line, and instead thereof insert " Sums and Annuities " are."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second < time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Mr. Freeman reported from the Committee, to whom BrograveV the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Esuu. vest divers Lands and Tenements of Sir Thomas Brograve,

Baronet, in the County of Hertford, in Trustees, to be sold, and to settle other Lands and Tenements in lieu thereof, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations in the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made one Amendment to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards der Jivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is, as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 12. Leave out "EdwarcT'and insert " Thomas.

The said Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Hodson's

Estate.

Duke ef

Beaufort's

Estate.

Fane'sEstfttt'

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, of Toby Hodson, the elder, Esquire, a Lunatick, in Trustees, for Payment of his Debts, and making Provision for himself, his Wife, and only Son, «as read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hunger ford do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendments.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, the Estate of Henry Duke Beaufort, according to Agreement, made upon his Marriage, and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Compton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Mr. Brewer reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the surviving Trustees and Executors of the last Vox.. 14.

Sir Thomas Davall reported from the Committee, to Fowl« whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An E late' Act for confirming and establishing a Partition made by Sir Edmund Fowler, Knight, and Dame his Wife, and Elizabeth Buggin, Widow, of certain Manors and Lands in the County of Kent, in the Year 1634, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are, as; viz.

Press 3. L. 7. After " ever" insert " and the Manors " and Premises, allotted to the said " Elizabeth Buggin, might stand " charged."

L. 15. After " respectively" insert " and tire " Charge on the Manors and Premises,

" allotted to the said Elizabeth Buggin,

" hath been enjoyed by the said Dame " Ann Fowler, and her Hell's and " Descendants."

X x L. 39.

Whitakers

Accounts.

Qualification of Members.

Publick Accounts.

Punishing Mutiny and Desertion.

Waiving the Militia.

Army Debts.

174 3®- — 4" Febr A. 1702.

L. 39. After " B insert " and the " Charge made on the Manors and " Premises, thereby allotted to the said " ElizalteihBuggin"

Press 4. L. 6. After " Shares" insert " and for " charging the Manors and Premises,

" thereby allotted to the said Elizabeth " Buggin, as aforesaid."

L. 8. " After "them" insert "and the Manors " and Premises, so allotted to the " said Elizabeth Buggin, had, by such " Settlement, been charged for the " Benefit of the said Dame Arm " Fouler."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Mr. Marks (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, to oblige Edward Whitaker to account for all such publick Sums of Money, as have been by him received; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for the more free and impartial Proceedings in Parliament, by providing, that no Persons shall be chosen Members of the House of Commons, but such, as have sufficient real Estates.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. How took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. How reported from the said Committee, that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John and Sir Richard Holford.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for taking, examining, and stating the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, with an Amendment; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill, for punishing Officers, and Soldiers, who shall mutiny, or desert her Majesty's Service, and for punishing false Musters, and for better Payment of Quarters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bridges took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bridges reported from the said Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Bill, and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow (after the Report of the Bill, for granting divers Subsidies to her Majesty, for carrying on the present War, is considered) resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House w ill. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for raising the Militia of this Kingdom, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Three, notwithstanding the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, uj»on the Bill, for reviving and continuing the Act, for appointing Commissioners, to take, examine, and deter-

mine, the Debts, due to the Army, Navy, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes, taken during the late War.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 4 die Februarii;

Anno primo Annae Regina. Praters.

SIR Francis Massam reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Nicholas Wayfoort and Jacob Sanderfelt, was committed; that they had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are, as follow; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 5. After " Germany"insert " Peter Le Blanc, " Son of Peter le Blanc, by Jane his " Wife, born in the City of in

" the Province of Champagne."

L. 18. After " Wayfoo" insert " Peter Le " Blanc."

L. 2Q. After " Wayfoo" insert " Peter Le " Blanc"

Pr. 2. L. 13. After " Wayfoor" insert " Peter Ze " Blanc"

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

An ingrossed Bill, for finishing, adorning, and securing, the Cathedral Church of St. Paul's, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for the finishing and adorning the Cathedral Church of St. Paul's, London.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

The House being informed, that the Auditors of the Duchy of Lancaster, North and South, attended, they were called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, Accounts of Grants, passed since the 13th Day of February, One thousand Six hundred Eighty-eight; and of the Warrants, and in Trust for whom, as far as it appeared to them.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

And the Accounts are, as follow;

An Account of all the Grants of Lands, and to whom made, under the Seal of the Duchy of,

since the 13th Day of February, 1688, within the North Parts of the said Duchy; and of the Warrants, whereby they were passed.

To Paul Jodrell, Esquire.

17® April, 1697.

Herb. THE Manor and Town of JFtrksworth, with the Rents and Services.

Staff. The Demesne Lands of the Castle and Manor of Tut bury, containing 211 Acres and £ of arable Land. Staff. The Herbage and Pannage of Hyling's Park. Herb. The Herbage of Caldelow.

For 99 Years after the Decease of the Queen Dowager, to be concurrent with her said Majesty's Leases; 13/.

8 d. per Annum Rent reserved to the Crown, payable after the said Queen Dowager's Decease.

Warrant signed, William R. underwritten, Eduard Northey, John Baker pro Cheek Ar. 17

April. 9® Wilhelm.

To

Wayfoort # &c. Nat.

St. Pauls Cathedral.

Grants sine# i66S.

i Ann.

75

40 Februa

To Sir Robert HoKnight. 19 April, 1697.

Lane. The Herbage and Pannage of Park,

with the Lodge there, at 25/. per Annum.

Verb. The Rents of Assize in the Lordship of High Peake, 135/. 10 s. 9 d.per Annum.

Staff. Vl'he Goods and Chattels of Felons, and and Verb, jother Profits, in the Lordship of High Peak, 8/. per Annum.

Verb. The Profits of Courts in the High Peake, 8 /. per Annum.

Ebor. The Castle and Manor of Knaresbrough, with divers Rents, amounting to 292/. 35. 4 per Annum: For 99 Years, after the Decease of the said Queen Dowager, and to be concurrent with her Leases; and 1/. 13 s. 4 d.per Annum Rent reserved to the Crown, and payable after the said Queen Dowager's Death.

Warrant signed, William R. underwritten, Edw.

Northcy, John Baker, pro Cheek Gerard, Ar. 20° ( April. 1694.

To Abell Tajfin D'Allone, Esq.

18° Maii, 1697.

Ebor. The Castle of Pickering, with the Rents of Assize, and divers other Rents, and Farms, within, and Parcel of, the said Manor, amounting to 306/. 175. 1 per Annum, for 99 Years, after the said Queen Dow ager's Decease, and to be concurrent with her said Majesty's Leases; and 10/. per Annum reserved to the Crown, payable after her said Majesty's Decease; which Premises were certified by the Surveyor of the North Duchy, upon the Improvement, to be of the Value of 1,100l. per Annum.

By Privy Seal, directed to the right honourable Thomas Earl of Stanford, Chancellor of the: Duchy of Lan-

caster; and underwritten, John , Deputy to John Baron, Esquire, and also Edw.

17 Maii, 9 Willielmi ytii.

To Sir John Turton, Knight.

28 Julii, 1698.

Staff. The Park of Ileylins, 3/. 16 8 per Annum.

The Woods tlicre, valued at 1,259/. 7 8

The Park of Rushy, 3 I. 6 s.8 per Annum.

The Wood there, valued at 53/. 19$. 6d.

The Bailiwick of Altrapers Redmaine, 5 / i£. per Annum: For 99 Years, after the said Queen Dowager's Death, and to be concurrent with her said Majesty's Leases; the Rent, reserved to the Crown, is 1 /. 6 s. 8 for Park, payable in present, and the other Rents, after the said Queen Dowager's Death, as he shall have Possession.

Warrant signed, Tho. Cantuar. Sommers, C. Pembroke, C. S. S. Marlborough; underwritten, Echo. Northy. Ex. per Jo. Baker, pro Check Gerard, Ar. 28 July,

1 o William 3d.

To the right honourable Thomas Lord Raby. to April, 1697.

Lincoln. The Fishing of with the Profits of the Market, et al. were granted for 99 Years in Possession, at the Rent of 105. per Annum reserved to the Crown; the Value of which Premises were certified, by the Surveyor, to be 591. 11s. 3 per Annum.

Warrant signed, William R.underwritten, Edw. Northy. Ex. per Jo. Baker, pro Cheek Gerard, Ar. 1 o# April. 9 William 3d.

Leases for 31 Years.

In the County of Derby.

28 Februarii, 1692.

The Fishing of Dove and Scroopton, with a Parcel of Land, called the Olletts, and the Fishing of Bent/y Brook, at the Rent of 'll. 2 s.per Annum, for 31 Years: To Mr. John Sinythson.

Warrant signed, Willughby. 6 Januar. 1692.

20 Sept. 1696.

The abovesaid Lease surrendered, and re-granted, with the Addition of AshborneBrooks, at the Rent of 2/. 35.

per Annum, for 31 Years: To Mr. Michael Cope.

Warrant signed, IVdlughby. 4 Julii, 1690,

V.o L. 14.

6 Maii, 1697.

The Fishing of Darwent and at the Rent

of 105. 10 d.per Annum, for 30 Years: To Paul Jodrel, Esquire.

Warrant signed, Willughby. 21 April, 1697.

28 Februar. 1699.

The Tythes of Belpar, Chelyn, and Holland, Wards, of the King's Part, at the Rent of 405. per Annum, for 27 Years: To Sir Nathanael Curzon, Bart.

Warrant signed, Stanford. 16 Feb. 1699.

24 July, 1700.

The Hundred of Grirley, with all the Profits thereof, at the Rent of 4/. 10s. per Annum, for 31 Years: To Mr. John F/amstead.

Warrant signed, Stamford. 28 June) 1700.

In Coni Lancaster.

18 January, 1689.

The Site of the dissblved Monastery of Furneis, with the Rectory, Messuages, Rents, and Hereditaments, at the Rent of 200l. per Annum, payable into the Exchequer, for 21 Years: To Thomas Preston, Esquire. Warrant by Privy Seal, direct. . to Robert Lord Willughby, Chancellor of the Duchy and County Palatine of Lancaster, 31 May, i Willielmi 3 under written, J. Baron.

15 March, 1691.

Divers Parcels of Land, Cottages, and Encroachments, in Penhulton, Broomhouse Lane, and at 11 /. 75.

8d. per Annum, for 31 Years: To Edward Brereton, Esquire, at the Nomination of Leftwich Oldfeild, Esquire.

Warrant signed, Willughby. 7 March, 1691.

19 January, 1693.

The Perquisites of Courts in the County of Lancaster, and also in the Borough of Congleton, in the County of Chester, at 6s. 8 d.per Annum Rent, for 31 Years: To Mr. Richard Cross.

Warrant signed, Willughby. 30 October, 1693.

14 Mar. 1693.

The Office of Bailiff of West , for 31 Years: To

the right honourable William late Earl of Derby; but no Rent reserved.

Warrant signed, Willughby. 20° Feb. 1693.

30 January, 1696.

All the Fines in the said County of Lancaster, called Post-fines, which shall happen to be due in the Right of the Duchy of Lancaster, at 10 Lper Annum Rent, for 31 Years: To Sir JohnElwis, Knight,deceased.

Warrant signed, Willughby. 7 January, 1696.

In Com Lincoln.

17 Februar. 1695.

44 Acres of Land in Sutton St. James's, and other Lands in other Places, in the said County, in all 115 Acres, at 61. per Annum Rent, for the Acres, and 35. 4 an Acre, per Annum, for the rest, when recovered; for 31 Years: To Mr. Gamaliel Lloyd.

Warrant signed, Willughby. 25 Junuarii, 1695.

i° Augusti 1696.

The Office of Receiver of the Duchy Rents within the said County: To the right honourable Peregrine Bertie, Esquire, for 31 Years, if he should live so long, with the Fee of it/. 15. 8 d.[>er Annum.

Warrant signed, Willughby. 4 July, 1696.

In Com' Cumberland.

20 June, 1694.

The Rectory of Millome, upon the Surrender of the Lease thereof to Thomas Rayleton, Esquire, was granted, at 25/. per Annum Rent, for a Term, to make up 3 Years in the whole to Gilbert Marshall, Esquire.

Warrant signed, Willughby, tg« Maii, 1694.

In Com Stafford.

26 March, 1691.

One Messuage in Newcastle under Line, in the Street, called the Iron Market, and a Pasture, called Holt Field, and one Meadow, called Holt Field, at 405. per Annum Rent, for 31 Years: To John Williamson.

Warrant signed, Willughby. 13 March, 1690.

8 July

4 Februarii.

j4. 1702.

8 July, 9 fVillielmi.

A Grant of the Offices of Steward of the Honor of Tut bury, with the Fee of 10/. per Annum, and Constable of the Castle of Tut bury, 3/. Sd. per Annum; Lieutenant of the Forest of NeedwoodMaster of the Game, 5/. 6$. 8 d.per Annum; and Keeper of all the Parks, and of the several Wards of YoxalBarton, and Tut bury, with the Fee of 30 s.and the Ward of and

Hanger of the Red Deer in the said Forest, with the Fee of 61. 13 s. 4 d.unto the most noble William Duke of Devon, William Lord Marquis of and

Henry Lord Cavendish, during their natural Lives, "Successively.

Warrant signed, Tho. Cantuar.

bury, Sunderland, Dorset, Rumney, Orford; underwritten, Edw. Northey, Ex. per Jo. Baker, pro Cheek Gerard, Ar,

22 March, 1693.

The Perquisites of Courts within the Manor of Newcastle under Line, and the Goods, <§'c. of Felons there; as also the Site of the Castle within the said Manor, at 5L 15. per Annum Rent, for 31 Years: To Lawrence Carter, Esquire.

Warrant signed , IVdlughby. 15 Mar. 1693.

42 March, 1693.

The Tolls of all the Fairs, and Markets, within the Town and Manor of Tutbury,at 5 per Annum Rent, for31 Years: To Mr. JohnHayne.

Warrant signed, Willughby. 5 March, 1693.

3 April, 1697.

The King's Part of the Waste in Uttoxeter Ward, at 3$. 4 d.per Acre, as the Possession shall be recovered, for 31 Years: To Mr. Richard Cross.

Warrant signed, Willughby. Die Jan. 1695.

27 Julii, 1697.

Divers Cottages, and Fairs, in the Forest of

at 16 s. 10 d.per Annum Rent, for 31 Years: To Edward

Vernon, Merchant

This was surrendered to the Use of the King,

Warrant signed, Stamford, ' 23 July, 1697.

In Com'Leicester.

11 March, 1691.

One Oven, a Garden, a Dove-house, and Shop, in Ironmonger-Row, in the Town of Leicester, at 41 s. per Annum Rent, for 31 Years: To Oliver WaUis.

Warrant.signed, Willughby. 27® Februar. 1691.

1® Julii, 1695.

The Fishing within the Liberty of Croft, Belgrave, Blaby, and Countersthorpe, and Deodands within the County and Town of Leicester, at 2 6d. per Annum

Rent, for 31 Years: To Mr. Hen. Dyson.

Warrant signed, Willughby. 7 Januarii, 1694,

14® April, 1697.

The South Gate of the Castle of Leicester, with the Appurtenances, at 6A per Annum Rent, for 31 Years: To Mr. Hen. Dyson.

Warrant signed, Willughby. 20 Feb. 1696.

A Lease to John Bennett, Esquire, of Lands, and other 'Things, in several Counties, some whereof are in Possession, and others in Reversion.

: 10® October, 1699.

Ebor. Lands in Whlfley, belonging to the late Chantry of St.Katharines in Killington, and St. John the Evan-

gelist in Shelbrooke, at the Rent of 21. 11 s. 8 per Annum, for 31 Years.

Lincoln. Lands of Claythorpe, at the Rent of 20s. per Annum, for 31 Years.

Lincoln. The Site of the Castle of Bollingbrooke, at the Rent of 20$. per Annum, for 31 Years.

Lincoln. Lands in Whitten and Frislcney, at the Rent of 1/. 17 s.6 d.per Annum, for 31 Years.

Lancaster. The Goods and Chattels of Felons within the said County, at the Rent of 5/. per Annum, for 11 Years in Reversion.

Leicester. A Licence to erect and keep a common Bakehouse, at the Reutof 40i. per Annum, for 18 Years in Reversion.

Leicester. All the Hay, made in Meadow, or the King's Meadow, at the Rent of per Afinum, for 31 Years.

Leicester. One Messuage in Ravenston, and one Messuage in the Town of Leicester, at the Rent of 10$. per Annum, for 28 Years in Reversion.

Leicester. Several Cottages in the Honor of Leicester, and Town of Leicester, at the Rent of i8j. 8 per Annum, for 15 Years in Reversion.

Staff. The Coal Mines, Parcel of the Manor of castle under Line, at the Rent of 4/. 10 per Annum, for 12 Years and a Half in Reversion.

Staff. The Fines, Amerciaments, and casual Profits, forfeited at the Sessions of the Peace in the Borough of Newcastle under Line, at the Rent of 13 s. 4d. per Annum, for 26 Years and £ in Reversion; one Garden under the Castle of Tutbury, at the Rent of 5 s. per Annum, for 31 Years.

Warrant signed, Stamford. 29 June, 1699. Lancaster, lOThe Office of Bailiff of the Wapentake April 1700. >of Salford, together with the Fee of 61. 135. 4 d.per Annum, at the Rent of 1 s. per Annum, for the Term of 31 Years: To John Bennett, Esquire.

Warrant signed, Stanford. 8 Novemb. 1699. Lancaster, 287Divers Cottages in Penhulton, in the

Nov. i699JCounty of Lancaster, at the Rent of 11/. 7 s.8 d.per Annum, for about 7 Years in Reversion: To John Bennett, Esquire.

There is no Trust appears in any of the Grants above-said, except those before-mentioned.

This is in Pursuance of an Order of the honourable the House of Commons, of the 29th of January last.

Ex. per W. Bellamy, Auditor.

South Parts of7 An Account of all the Grants, made her Majesty'sf since the 13th Day of February, i(38S, Duchy of tto whom made, and in Trust for Lancaster. J whom (as far as the Trusts are known to me) within the said South Parts of her Majesty's said Duchy of Lancaster', and of the Warrants, whereby they were passed.

31 July, 1689.

A Grant unto William Earl of Portland, and his Heirs, in Fee-farm, of several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Premises, heretofore Parcel of Chase, within the Manor of Endfeild, in the County of Middlesex; rendering the yearly Rent of Six Shillings and Eight-pence per Annum; heretofore in Grant to the Duke of Albemarle.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 30® Julii, 1689; under-written, Edward Northey, Check Gerard.

19 April, 1694.

A Grant, and Confirmation, to Johnson,

Esquire, and Edward Allen, Gentleman (in Trust for Sir Basill Firebrace, Baronet) of the Letters Patents, under the Seal of the Duchy of Lancaster, bearing Date the 21st Day of June, in the 3d Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, to Adam Loftus late Viscount Lisbourne, of all the Offices and Lodges in Endfeild Chase, and Steward and Bailiff of the Manor of Endfeild, in the County of Middlesex; to hold for Fifty Years, from Lady-day before the Date of said Letters Patents; which, by mesne Assignments, was vested in the said Johnson and Allen (in Trust as aforesaid) for the then Remainder of the said Term of Fifty Years; and also a Pardon and Release of all Penalties and Forfeitures, and Causes of Penalty and Forfeiture, whatsoever, at any time thentofore committed, done, or suffered, by the said Lord Lisboime, or his Assigns, of or concerning the said

Offices, or Premises.

Warrant signed William R. dated 19® April.

Si M. under-written, Edward Northey.

20 April, 1694.

A Grant, or Demise, unto Sir Robert Howard, of all the same Offices, Lodges, and Premises, in Chase,

in Reversion, for 56 Years, to commence from the

Expiration,

i Ann.

Felruarii.

71

Expiration, or other Determination, of the said Letters Patents to the said Lord Lisborne for 50 Years.

Warrant signed, William R. dated 20 April, 1694; underwritten, Edward John for

Check Gerard, Ar. iS March, 1694.

A Grant, or Demise, to Richard Earl of Rivers, in Reversion, after the Decease of the Queen Dowager, of the Honour of Higham Ferrers, in the County of Northampton, with the Rights, Members, and Appurtenances thereof; to hold for Ninety-nine Years, under the Rent of 405. per Annum.

By Privy Seal, dated l8®Martii, 7 IV. directed to Robert Lord WillughChancellor, underwritten, C. Bickerstajfe.

21 May, 1696.

A Grant to William Earl of Portland, and his Heirs, in Reversion, after the Queen Dowagers Decease, and concurring with such Terms of Years, as shall be in being at the time of her Decease, of the Manor of Pevensey, with the Rights, Members, and Appurtenances thereof, in the County of Sussex.

By Privy Seal, 11 May, 8 IV. 3tii, directed to Robert Lord Willughby, Chancellor, 8$c. underwritten, Thomas Wilkins, Edward Northey. l8® Septem. 1696.

A Grant to the said Earl of Portland, and his Heirs, of divers Fee-farm Rents, amongst [otaers ] being of the North Side; viz.

Of Skenfrith Mill - -

Of Lands, called the Buckholt - -

Of Escheat Lands in White Castle -Of a Chantry in Gloucestershire - -Of Hunger]ord Park -

Of free Chapel of Hungerford Of Chantry of Meddon and Lake, in Devon ——

Of Comortha in Kidwein

t hens hire -

Of Creation Money, Essex and

ford - -5

Of Chantry in Northamptonshire, and|

Huntingdonshire

o

9

0

1 1

19

40

s.

3

14

o

4

6

18

16

10

d.

4

o

o

o

8

8

9i

10

8

Of Higham Ferrers Park in North-f amptonshire -

17 April, 1697.

A Grant, or Demise, to Paul Esquire, in Re-

version, after the Queen Dowager's Decease (concurring with such Leases as shall be then in being) of the Site of the Manor of Methwould, and the Lands thereunto belonging, and Methwould Warren, in and of

Hatton Lodge, and Premises, in Braden Forest, in Wilts', to hold for 99 Years.

Warrant signed, William R.dated 17 April. 9 3 tii; underwritten, Edward Northey, John Baker, for Cheek Gerard.

24 March, 1698.

A Grant to John Warner, and John Hasell, and their Heirs (in Trust for Charles Earl of Dorsett, and his Heirs) of divers Fee-farm Rents; viz.

Of Hartingfordbury Woods -

Of PleshiePark -

Of free Chapel of Dunmow - - -Of Clarrett Hall - -

Of Parcel of Demesnes of Endfield -Of Rape of Pevensey -

Ditto. A Grant to Charles Earl of Dorsett, and his Heirs, of the Fee-farm Rent of 85/. 8«. g}d. for the Manor of High Easter, in the County of Essex.

14 December, U699.

A Grant, or Demise, to Sir Henry Belasyse, Knight, of several Encroachments, lying to, or enjoyed with, SouthBayly Lodge, in Endfield Chace, in the County of

This Word is supplied from the Account presented to the House, and preserved amongst the Papers of this Session.

Vol, 14.

l- s. d.

3 4

6 13 4

3 6 8

2 0 0

3 0 0

0 3 4

Middlesex-, to hold for 94 Years, from Lady-day then Grant infc# last past before the Date. 1<588i

Warrant signed, William R. dated 14 Decembr. 11®

JV. 3 tii; underwritten, Edward Northey, John ker, pro Cheeke Gerard, Ar.

Ditto. A Grant, or Demise, to Christopher Lister,

Esquire, of several Encroachments, lying to, or enjoyed with, East Bayly Lodge, in the said Chace of Endfield; to hold for 94 Years, from Lady-day then last past Warrant signed, William R. dated 14" Decembr. 11

JV.3tii; underwritten, Edward Northey, John Baker, pro Cheek Gerard.

11 July, 1700.

A Warrant, for a Commission to his late Majesty's Surveyor of his Woods in the South Parts of the said Duchy, for cutting, felling, and selling yearly, during his late Majesty's Pleasure, such Woods, and Underwoods, within his Majesty's said Chace of Endfield, as might be there yearly conveniently cut and felled, without Destruction,

S,'C. and all the Money, thereby arising, to be applied to , his late Majesty's own immediate Use and Benefit.

Signed, William R. dated 1 July 120 IV. 3 directed to Thomas Earl of Stanford, Chancellor, 8$c.

Memorandum: There are several other Grants of other Fee-farm Rents, and other Rents, as I am informed; but the same not being tnrolled as yet before me, and not passing the Duchy Seal, I cannot certify the same.

An Account likewise of all the Leases, granted and renewed, within the said South Parts of the said Duchy of Lancaster, for any Terms, not exceeding One-and-thirty Years, or for such lesser Number of Years, as would fill the Terms of Years, in being at the time of making thereof, up One-and-thirty Years, since the said 13th Day of February, 1688; which are all by the immediate Warrant from the Chancellor of the said Duchy, for the Time being.

11® Septem. 1689.

A Lease to William Powell, Gentleman, of several Escheat Lands in the County of Monmouth, within the Manors oi White Castle, Grosmont, and Skenfrith, and the

Tolls of Fairs and Markets in Grosmont-, to hold for 31 Years, from Lady-day then last past, under the Rent of Two Pounds and Five Shillings per Annum.

26 November, 1689.

A Lease to Thomas Neale, Esquire, of all the Rents of Assize of the Manor and Borough of Stockbridge, amounting unto Five Pounds, Ten Shillings, and Four-pence |>er Annum, for 30 Years, from Lady-day then last past, under the Rent of One Shilling per Annum.

24 June, 1693.

A Lease, to Charles Marquis of Worcester, of divers Lands and Rents, Parcel of the Manors Skenfrith and Grosmont, and the Manor of Hadnock, and Fee-farm Rent of Hadnock Woods, and of Deepholm, for Thirty Years and Three Quarters of One Year, to commence from Michaelmas then last past, under the Rent of Thirty-seven Pounds, Fifteen Shillings, and One Farthing, per Annum.

23 February, 1693.

A Lease to Matthew Johnson, Esquire (in Trust for Thomas Ekins, Esquire) of several Fishings in Moor, called the Over-water, and the In-mead, and the Nether-water, and of the River Neeve, and Three Roods of Land within the Manors of Rands and Irchester, for 30 Years from Lady-day then next ensuing, under the Rent of Twenty Shillings per Annum.

22 October, 1096.

A Lease to William Thompson, Gentleman, of the Manor of Dedham, in the County of Essex, with its Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, for Thirteen Years and a Half, to make the Term, then in being, up One-and-thirty Years, under the Rent of Nine-and-twenty Pounds and Eighteen Shillings per Annum.

22 October, 1696.

A Lease to Gilbert Marshall, Esquire, of the Bailiwick

of the Liberty of the Savoy in the Strand, in the County of Middlesex, and all Goods and Chattels of Felons, fyc.

Y y there

v

©rAntisto e

1688.

Publick Accounts — Lords desire Leave for Members to attend them.

178 40 Februariu A. 1702.

there, for Four Years and Half, to make the Term, then in being, up One-and-thirty Years, under the Rent of Six Pounds per Annum.

29 July, 1697.

A Lease to James Godsman, Gentleman, of Cottages, and Encroachments, within the Manors o\'Gromant, White

Castle, and Skenfrith,in the County of One-

and-thirty Years, from Midsumm then last past, under the Kent of Six Shillings and Eight-pence per Annum.

29° April, 1697.

A Lease, to Ganidliell Lloyd, of Somborne Park, alias

Haw Park, in the County of , for so many

Years, as would make the Term, then in being, up One-and-thirty Years, under the Rent of Thirty Pounds per Annum.

8" Decemb. 1698.

A Lease to Sir Henry Belasyse, Knight, of several Parcels of Lands (as Encroachments) belonging to his Lodge, South Bayly Lodge, in Chacej in the County of Middlesex, for One-and-thirty Years, under the Rent of Five Pounds per Annum.

Ditto.

A Lease to Christopher List, Esquire, of several Parcels of Land (as Encroachments) belonging to his Lodge, called East Bayly Lodge, in Endfield Cliace, aforesaid, for One-and-thirty Years, under the Rent of Five Pounds per Annum.

10 October, 1699.

A Lease, to Mr. Bennett, of the Feodary in Kent, at Thirteen Shillings and Ten-pence Half-penny per Annum, of Somborne Park, alias How Park, in the County of Southampton, at Thirty Pounds per Annum, the Green Wax in Sasser, at Forty Shillings, per Annum, and Feodary of Dorsett,8$c. at Twenty Shillings per Annum; for so many Years as would make the several Terms, then in being, up One-and-thirty Years.

28 February, 1699.

A Lease to Francis TVyndham, Esquire, of the Offices of Bailiff, Coroner, Feodar, Escheator, Clerk of the Market, Profits of Court, and Wrecks at Sea, within the Liberty of the said Duchy, in the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, and Cambridge, for Four-and-twenty Years, to commence from Michaelmas, 1706, under the Rent of Twenty-nine Pounds per Annum.

29 September, 1701.

A Lease to Sir Humphry Edwyn, Knight, of the Castle and Lordship of Ogmore, in Glamorganshire, for Thirteen Years, to make the Term, then in being, up One-and-thirty Years, under the Rent of Fifty-two Pounds, Fourteen Shillings, Three Pence Three Farthings, per Annum.

18 December, 1701.

A Lease to Robert Dale, of an Encroachment, by a Shed in Strand Lane, in the County of Middlesex, for 23 Years, to make the Term, then in being, Up 31 Years, under the Rent of Three Shillings and Four-pence per Annum.

This, pursuant to an Order of the honourable the House of Commons, dated the 29th of January, 1702, is humbly presented.

4® Die Februarii, 1702. Auditor.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Francklin, and Doctor Edisbury:

Mr. Speaker,

We are to acquaint this House, that the Lords have appointed a Committee, to consider of the Observations in the Book of Accounts, laid before them by the Commissioners of Accounts, the Fifteenth of January, and also those, delivered the Second Instant, from the said Commissioners: That the Committee met Yesterday Morning, and have proceeded upon the First Observation, and the additional Observation, relating to the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer; and those Commissioners being Members of this House, the Lords do desire, that this

House will give Ldave, that those Commissioners, or some of them, should attend the said Committee Tomorrow, at Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon.

And the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will return an Answer to the Lords by Messengers of their own.

And the Messengers were called in again, and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Resolved, That this House will take the said Message into Consideration at One a Clock this Day.

A Petition of Arthur Earl of Granard, in the Kingdom of Ireland, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, that, during the late War in Ireland, several of his Houses in Molingar were made Store-houses, Hospitals, &c. and several demolished, by Order of the General, for fortifying and securing the Place; and several Quantities of Timber, and Stone, for the Publick, an Account of which was stated, by Order of the Earl of Romney, when Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, amounting to 940/. 8#. 0 d.And praying, a Clause may be inserted in the Bill, for continuing the Commissioners to state the Debts due to the Army, <$r. to empower them to state his Debt, in order to his receiving a Debenture for the Money due to him.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of tha whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for advancing the Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, and for securing such as shall remain unsold or undisposed by the present Trustees, for the Purposes intended by the late Acts concerning the same, is committed, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for the Encouragement of the Protestant Interest in the Town of Athem'ee, in the Kingdom cA Ireland, by promoting the Linen Manufacture there.

Ordered, That the Report of the free Conference with the Lords, upon Saturday last was Fortnight, upon the Bill, for preventing occasional Conformity, be made this Day, after the Message from the Lords shall have been considered.

The House (according to Order) proceeded to take into Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting divers Subsidies to her Majesty, for carrying on the present War, was committed: And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the Bill, were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for appropriating the Money.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks were filled up; and then the Clause was amended, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for qualifying Commissioners, in Cities, Boroughs, Towns corporate, or Cinque Ports.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks were filled up; and then die Clause was amended, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Eill, concerning the Exportation of foreign Goods.

And the same was once read.

Ordered, That the Clause be withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard, and Doctor Edisbury:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for

naturalizing

Army Debts

Irish Forfeitures.

Occassionaf

Conformity

Supply Bill; Subsidies

.i Anjst.

4" — 5" Februarit.

79

Hack's, &c. naturalizing Daniel Hack, Charles Johan Bruce, and others; Nm to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Considera- Ordered, That the Consideration of the Message from tion of Lords tke Lords, this Day, relating to the Commissioners of adjourned Accounts, be adjourned till Tomorrow, Twelve a Clock.

Report of Ordered, That the Report of the free Conference with Conference the Lords, upon Saturday last was Fortnight, be made adjourned. Tomorrow, after the said Message shall have been considered.

Exporting

Foreign

Goods.

Ordered, That Leave be given to Sir Thomas Cooke to make a Motion, it being after the time of the Day for that Purpose.

And Sir Thomas Cooke made a Motion accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for prolonging the Time for exporting foreign Goods, for which Debentures are given; and that Sir 7 Mr. Moor, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

for his Maintenance and Education, until he shall attain his Age of One-and-twenty Years, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Brewer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, with some Amendments; to which they desire their lordships Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Fowler' for confirming and establishing a Partition, made by Sir Estate. Edmund Fowler, Knight, and Dame Anne, his Wife, and Elizabeth Buggin, Widow, of certain Manors and Lands, in the County of Kent, in the Year One thousand Six hundred thirty-four, was read . Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Davall do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, with some Amendments; to which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Fmds in Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn-Stamp ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Duties. House, upon the Bill, for preventing Frauds in her Majesty's Duties upon stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and for remedying some Defects in the Acts relating to the said Duties.

Qualification Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the of Members, whole House, to whom the Bill, for the more free and impartial Proceedings in Parliament, by providing, that no Persons shall be chosen Members of the House of Commons, but such, as have sufficient real Estates, was committed, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Punishing Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning Mutiny and (after the Message from the Lords is considered, and the Desertion. Report of the free Conference made) resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill, for punishing Officers, or Soldiers, who shall mutiny, or desert her Majesty's Service, and for punishing false Musters, and for better Payment of Quarters.

'Raising the Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn-Militia. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for raising the Militia of this Kingdom, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Three, notwithstanding the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not paid.

Hoare's Ordered, That Sir Char. Turner, Mr. Mr.

Estau. B/ofeild, Mr. England, Mr. Nicholson, Mr. Soamcs, Sir Jacob Ashly, Mr. Nevi/l,be added to the Committee, to

whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Executrix of James Heare, Esquire, deceased, to pay a Sum of Money, in Discharge of a Trust in her reposed by his Will, is committed.

A Petition of Edward Whitaker, late Solicitor to the Whitaker Admiralty and Navy, was presented to the House, and Account , read; setting forth, that, upon a Report made to the House by the Five Commissioners, appointed to state the Debt, due to the Army, <$'C. relating to his Accounts, a Bill is ordered to brought in, to charge him with all the Monies received by him from the Treasurer of the Navy, and to make him accountable in the Exchequer for the same: That he hopes, in case he may be allowed to be heard by his Counsel, he shall be able to give such Satisfaction to the House, that there w ill be no Ground to pass the said Bill: And praying, that he may be heard by his Counsel at the Bar of the House, before the same do pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill shall be read a Second time.

A Petition of Thomas Oughton, Gentleman, was pre- Petition for sented to the House, and read; setting forth, that he is returning Son and Heir of Elizabeth Oughton, deceased (Relict of ln Walter Petrb, Esquire, and Daughter and Heiress of cUsto<3 . Curtis Barwick,late of West Marden, in Com Sussex,

deceased) who enjoyed, to her Death, by Descent from the said Curtis, an Estate of Inheritance, and intrusted the original Deeds and Writings, relating to the same, in the Hands of Robert Bi'ent, Esquire, deceased, whose Papers w ere seized, by virtue of an Order of the House, in or about 1689, or 1 90, and, amongst them, the Writings belonging to the Petitioner's Estate; and the same are now in the Hands of Paul Jodrell, Esquire, the Clerk of the House: And praying, that such original Deeds and Writings, as do any Way relate to his Estates, may be delivered to him.

Ordered, That the Clerk of this House do deliver to the said Mr. Oughton such Writings, as relate to him, the Clerk taking a Receipt for the same.

Battel's Ordered, That Mr. Scames, Mr. Walpole, be added to

Estate. the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for setting aside a Settlement, in order that William Buttler may have good Conveyance of Lands from Raphael Whistler, according to Articles agreed on, is committed.

And then the House adjourned, till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 5s die Anno pi'imo Annoe;

Praters.

Fane's A N ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Estate. il to enable the surviving Trustees and Executors of the last Will and Testament of Thomas Fane, Esquire, deceased, to pay an Annuity unto Mildmay Fane, Esquire, Vol. 14.

A Petition of Thomas Alder ft, late Agent to the Army Debts. Regiment, formerly commanded by Colonel Godfrey, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner paid several Sums of Money, on Account of Clothing for 1692, by Order of the said Colonel; and, after being Agent to the Regiment for several Years, since Brigadier Langston commanded, has paid, by his Order, 544/. 0$. Sd. and though the Petitioner has made constant Application to the Brigadier, to have the said Debts allowed in the Accounts, passed by the Commissioners for stating the Accounts of the Army, yet, by his Order, the Accounts of the Regiment are made up, and passed, by the Commissioners, without his taking any Notice of the Petitioner's just Debt:

And praying the House, to give such Directions, that the Commissioners, for stating the Accounts of the Army, may have Power to call the said Brigadier to an Account, and to shew, howr the Sum of 11,810/. 8 has

been

Vesey't

Estate

Whitaker'

Accouatf

180

,0

Februarii.

A. 1702.

L. 35-

Pr. 3. L. 3.

been disposed of, being the Sum charged on Account of Off-reckonings for the said Regiment.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for reviving and continuing the Acts, for appointing Commissioners, to take, examine, and determine, the Debts, due to the Army, Navy, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the' Prizes, taken during the late War, is committed.

' Mr. Hicks reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of divers Lands in the County of Kildare, and Kingdom of Ireland(being the Estateo iA Esquire,

and his two Daughters, Anne and Henrietta Vesey) for the paying of Debts, and clearing Incumbrances charged thereon, and also for impowering the said ‘ dishorn Vesey to make Leases, for any Term, not exceeding Pne-and-twenty Years, was committed; that they had considered the Petition of William Fanskazv, Esquire, to them referred; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are, as follow; viz.

Press 1. L. 14. After " Reign," leave out all to the Word " that," in the i<)th Line.

Pr. 2. L. 23. Leave out " Eight thousand and " Eight hundred Twenty-three," and insert " Six thousand Six " hundred Ninety-eight"

" After " due," leave out to the Word " to," in the 38th Line.

Leave out " Eight thousand Eight " hundred Twenty-three," and insert " Six thousand Six hundred " Ninety-eight."

At the End of the Bill, add Clauses A, and B.

Clause A.

Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, that the said Sir Richard Cox, Sir Thomas Southzcell, and Thomas Keatley, shall, out of the Monies arising by the Sale of the Lands and Premises, pay to William shaw, Esquire, the Sum of One thousand Pounds, with Interest thereof, at the Rate of 10/. per Cent, per Annum, from the stud 24th Day of March next, in full of all Claims and Demands of the said William Fanshaw upon the said Agmondisham Vesey, the said Ann and -rietta Vesey, his Daughters, or to or upon the Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, late the Estate of the said Patrick Sarsfield, or any Part thereof.

Clause B.

Provided nevertheless, that nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to any Rectories impropriate, or Vicarages, Tythes, Oblations, Obventions, Glebes, or other Things, unto the same Rectories, or Vicarages, severally or respectively belonging or appertaining; but that the same shall remain vested in the Trustees named in an Act, made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, (intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by Sale of the forfeited and other Estates and Interests in Ireland, and by a Land Tax in England, for the several Purposes therein mentioned) to the Uses, Intents, and Purposes, as are in and by the said Act directed and appointed; any thing in this Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Bill, to oblige Edward Whitaker to account for all such publick Sums of Money, as have been by him received, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hoilse, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Petition of the said Edward Whitaker be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Report from the Commissioners, appointed to take, examine, and determine, the Debts, due to the Army, Navy, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes, taken during the late War, relating to the said Edward Whitaker, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Two Trustees for the forfeited Irish Estates, who are in Town, do attend this House, the Morning before the House is to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for advancing the Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, and for securing such, as shall remain unsold or undisposed by the present Trustees, for the Purposes intended by the late Acts concerning the same.

The House proceeded (according to Order) to take Publick into Consideration the Message from the Lords Yester- Accounts- — day, relating to the Commissioners of Accounts. Examination

a . .1 c 1 , of Member

And the same bem read,) Lord *

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed, to inspect the Journals, and search Precedents, relating to what hath been done, upon the Lords desiring Members of this House to attend the House of Lords, and in relation to the Lords inspecting and examining Accounts.

And it is referred to Sir Chr. Musgrave, Colonel Granville, Mr. Guynn, Mr. St. John, Mr. Compton,

Mr. Finch, Sir Godjry Copley, Mr. Conyers, Mr.;

Sir JVm. Drake, Colonel Byerley, Mr. Hungerford,

Mr. Haw, Mr. Freeman, Sir Joseph Mr.

Dormer, Mr. Pagitt, Mr. Casar, Mr. Anstys, Sir 1,

Beaumont, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Air.

Brydges, Mr. Corny us, Afr. Solicitor General, Air.

Annesley, Colonel Grahme, Mr. Sir

Mackworth, Mr. Chancellor of the Duchy, Mr. Bertie,

Air. Toke, Mr. Bromley, Sir Tho. Colonel Lee,

Air. Hele, Mr. Harpin', Mr. Tredenham, Air. or any Five of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at live a C'lock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Air. St. John (according to Order) reported the free Occasional Conference with the Lords, upon Saturday last was Conformity..' Fortnight, upon the Bill, for preventing occasional Coniormity.

Ordered, That the said Report be entered in the Journal, and is, as followeth; viz.

THE Members of this House, who were commanded to manage the free Conference with the Lords, on Saturday, the 16th of January, did meet the Lords.

And the free Conference was begun by the Alanagers of this House; who acquainted the Lords, that the Commons had agreed to the Addition of Words, their Lordships had made to the Commons Amendments to the Lords Amendment in the 2d Skin, Line the 33d; but insisted on their Disagreement to the Lords other Amendments, and to their Lordships Clauses, marked B, C, D, and E; and therefore had desired this free Conference with the Lords, in order to preserve a good Correspondence between the Two Houses.

That the Interests of the Church and State were not to be supported without it; and [that ] the Commons might omit nothing, to maintain a good Correspondence, they had taken this Way, which has been practised with so good Success by their Ancestors.

That the Intent of this Bill, for preventing occasional Conformity, is only to restrain, to put a Stop to, a very scandalous Practice; which is a Reproach to Religion, gives Offence to all good Christians, and to the best among the Dissenters themselves.

That this Bill enacts nothing new: That it is only intended to make the Laws in being more effectual.

That

This Word i supplied from the Original Report of this Conference.

i Ann.

That those Laws were thought sufficient to secure our Establishment; but since the Invention, since the Iniquity, of Men bad found out Ways to evade and elude them, the Commons could never doubt, but the Lords would let those Men see, they would not be wanting, on their Part; to maintain and support it That this Bill appears to the Commons absolutely necessary, for the preventing those Mischiefs, which must prove destructive to the Church and Monarchy.

That the Commons were incapable of having any Designs, they were ashamed to own: That they designed nothing, but the Preservation of the Church of,

and the Monarchy; and doubted not, to meet with a ready Concurrence from the Lords in these Designs.

That an established Religion, and a national Church, are absolutely necessary, when so many ill Men pretend to Inspiration, and when there are so many weak Men to follow them.

That, if a national Church be necessary, the only effectual Way to preserve it, is, by keeping the civil Power in the hands of those, whose Practices and Principles are conformable to it

That, when the Corporation Act was made, the Parliament had fresh in their Minds the Confusions and Calamities, that had been brought upon the Nation by such, as pretended to be at the same Time in the true Interests of Religion, and of their Country: That the Parliament, by that Act, and afterwards by the Test Act, thought, they had secured our Establishment, both in Church and State, and that they had provided a sufficient Barrier, to defeat and disappoint any Attempts against them, by enacting that all in Offices, should receive the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper, according to the Rites and Usage of the Church of England; and never imagined, a Set of Men could at any Time rise up, whose Consciences were too tender to obey the Laws, but hardened enough to break through any.

That as, upon the Resolution, the last Reign began with an Act in favour of the Dissenters, so the Commons do desire, in the Beginning of her Majesty's auspicious Reign, an Act may pass in favour of the Church of England \ that the Laws, which have been invaded, may now be effectually enforced; and that those Men may be kept out of Offices, who have shewn, they never wanted the Will, when they had the Power, to destroy the Church.

That nothing has been more misrepresented, than this

Bill.

That this Bill does not entrench on the Act of Toleration, and in no respect affects what is enacted by it.

That this Bill takes not from the Dissenters any one Privilege they have by Law.

That this Bill gives not any one Privilege to the Church of England, which is not (at least) intended her by the Laws, as they now stand.

Your Managers then acquainted the Lords, that the Commons insisted on their Disagreement to the 2d and 3d Amendments, made by the Lords in the Preamble of the Bill, and on their Disagreement to the 4th Amendment; and argued,

That a Preamble is to declare the Occasion of making a Law: It makes no Law; and, if it be proper to the enacting Clause, it is a proper Preamble.

That the Propositions, advanced in this Preamble, are these:

That, whatsoever Persons are enacted to qualify themselves, the Laws intend, should he conformable to the Church.

That, if the Laws provide, they shall receive the Sacrament, and by that iutend a Conformity; then whosoever breaks the Intention of the Law, breaks the Law, or at least evades the Law; and it is fit to provide against such Practice.

That, if it be fit, the Corporation Clause should stand in the Body of the Bill, the Lords Reason for the Amendments in the Preamble will not be of Weight.

That the Preamble mentions such Person, and such Offices; which must be the Persons, and the Offices, the Acts relate to, and can be no other.

Vol. 14.

l8l

That the Word " enacting" can only be understood Occasional of the Laws, that do so enact; and, being relative, is still Conformity, more plain, and necessary.

That however, if the Lords had pleased, they might, by a very little Amendment, have obviated the Objection they make to these Words, by changing " every Person!' into " several Persons;" which would have reconciled them to the most rigid Construction.

Then your Managers acquainted the Lords, you insisted on your disagreeing to their 5th Amendment; and argued,

That the Words in the Test Act are more general and uncertain, than those in the Corporation Act; which your Managers cited, and compared.

That the Words in the Corporation Act have been there more than Forty Years, without any Inconvenience from them, or any Complaint against them, for their being too general and uncertain.

That the Inducements for passing the Corporation Act (according to the Preamble) were, that a Succession in Corporations might be perpetuated in the Hands of Persons, well affected to the King, and the established Gor vemment, and for Preservation of the publick Peace, both in Church and State.

That these were the Purposes the Commons designed in passing this Law.

That these Purposes, the Commons know, the Lords will-with them own, are very proper to be attained; and that the Commons can at no Time disown, because they can at no Time have any other.

That the Lords agree, this Bill should relate to Officer in the Test Act, because the Law intends, those Officers should be conformable; and if the Intention of that Law be the Reason to provide against such Evaders of it, the like Intention, in the Corporation Act, will serve for a Reason to provide against the Evaders of the Corporation Act.

That, by occasional Conformity, the Dissenters may let themselves into the Government of all the Corporations; and it is obvious, how far that would influence the Government of the Kingdom.

That, to separate from a Church, which has nothing in it against a Man's Conscience to conform.to, is Schism.

That Schism is certainly a spiritual Sin, without the superadding of a temporal Law, to make it an Offence.

That occasional Conformity declares, a Man's Con science will let him conform; and, in such a Man, Nonconformity is a wilful Sin: And why should occasional Conformity be allowed in Corporations, when the Lords agree, that, out of Corporations, it ought not to be allowed

That, if it be reasonable, as the Lords allow it is, that he, who hath an Office out of a Corporation, though it entitles him perhaps to very little Profit or Trust, should be conformable; it is certainly much more reasonable, that another, who is trusted with Magistracy and Power in a Corporation, and has thereby a greater Influence, should be conformable.

Your Managers insisted on your disagreeing to the Lords 8th Amendment; and argued.

That, if the Lords were pleased to consider, how much greater the Penalties in other penal Laws were, in many Instances, than in this Bill, they presumed, the Lords could not think those in this Bill excessive.

That, in laying Penalties, the Commons shall always endeavour to make them such, as shall neither tempt to Perjury, nor totally discourage Informations and Prosecutions; which, they thought, this Amendment of the Lords would do, could the Commons agree to it

Your Managers insisted on your disagreeing to the Lords 9th Amendment; and argued,

That the Punishment of Incapacity, the re-capacita-ting, and the Increase of Punishment for a 2d Offence, are warranted by many Precedents of the like Nature in other penal Laws.

Z a That

5® Februa

also 50 Fehrutmi. A. 170 *

Oeeaaienat That an Incapacity, as qualified by the subsequent Coaionnrtjr. 1 Proviso, is a very proper Punishment.

That a second Offence Is a Relapse, an Apostasy; which are Circumstances, that aggravate, and make it more heinous, than the first Offence, and therefore deserve an Increase of Punishment.

That he is indeed reduced to a very unhappy Condition, who is made incapable of serving his Prince and Country; but, in the present Case, our Prince and Country would be in a more unhappy Condition, to be served by such, whose Principles are inconsistent With the Good and Welfare of our Establishment

That the Commons could never imagine, the Lords could infer, from this Incapacity, the taking away the Toleration.

That-the Toleration was intended onlyfbr the Ease of lender and scrupulous Consciences, and not to give a Licence for occasional Conformity.

That conforming, and non-conforming, are Contradictions: Nothing hut a firm Persuasion, that our Terms of Communion are sinful, and unlawful, can justify the one; and that plainly condemns the other.

For your insisting on your disagreeing to the Clauses, marked B, C, D, and E, your Managers offered these Reasons:

That the exempting Protestant Dissenters from serving 'OflSdes, would rather establish occasional Non-conformity, (thanpreventoccasionalConformity; and therefore increase, <i©t cure, the Evil, the Bill was intended to remedy.

That the Act of Uniformity, which establishes the C&urgV «nd Practice of the Church of England, has provided for the Sermons, and 'Lectures, preached, or read, in -the U ni versilSes.

That those Sermons, and Lectures, having been in such manner provided for, it Was not thought necessary, when <tkte Acts passed in the 16th and in the 2 2d Car. to prevent and suppress seditious Conventicles (in both which Ants Conventicles are described, as in this Bill) to have -»tty particular Exceptions for them; and yet they were -never, by any Construction, taken to be Conventicles.

That the allowing an Exemption to such, as should be present at the Exereises in the foreign reformed Churches, would be to open a Door for the evading this Law.

That the Places of Governors of some Hospitals are very considerable Prefenments, and given, as such, to the Clergy of the Church of England; and the Commons can never consent, by any Law, to let in the Dissenters to the Enjoyment of thedi.

The Managers for the Lords, who spoke at this Conference, were die Lord Steward, the Earl of,

the Bishop of Sttnm,the Lords Sommers, and Halifax.

The Substance of what was said by these Managers for the Lords, was, that the Lords were as desirous, as 4he Commons, to preserve a good Correspondence betwixt the-two Mouses.

That by-their agreeing so for, as they have done, to this Bill, they have gone a great way for the preventing the Evil, this m ;is intended to remedy; and own it to be a Scandal to Religion, that Persons should conform -only for a Place.

That the Lords do not take going to a Meeting to be a malum in se; for that-the Dissenters are Protestants, and differ from the Church of England only in some little Forms; and therefore the Lords think Loss of Office a sufficient Punishment, without an Incapacity.

That it can never be thought, those of the better Sort wiH be guilty of this Offence; if they do, they lose their Offices; and Loss of Office is a severe Penalty on inferior Officers of the Customs, or Excise, who have little else to subsist on.

That Incapacity is too great a Penalty; and that it is hard to imagine, any Offence, that is not capital, cap deserve it.

That there is no more Reason to punish this Offence with Incapacity, than to make it Felony.

That the Dissenters are not so obnoxious to the Government, as when the Corporation Act was made.

That the most considerable Part of the Dissenters are well affected to the present Constitution, and are hearty Enemies to the Queen's and the Kingdom's Enemies.

That, in some Corporations, the Lords take the Election of Members, to serve in Parliament, to be only in such, as are concerned in the Government of them; as at Buckinghami 8$c. and the Lords would not, by this Bill, deprive Men of their Birthrights.

That the Lords do not think tit to bring any greater Hardships upon the Dissenters, since great Advantages haveacCrued from the Act of Toleration.

That the Dissenters had indeed formerly been seditious and had appeared in open Rebellion: They then declared both against Church and State; but, in the greatest Extremity of the Church, they joined with her: When the Bishops were in the Tower, the Dissenters shewed, they had no Prejudice to the Church; and so they have continued to behave themselves.

That there can be no Schism, where the Differences are net in Essentials of Religion.

That the Lords apprehend an Air of Severity in this Bill; and that, though there may be something to be found fault with, yet think it not seasonable to administer Remedies.

That this Bill inflicts a second Punishment on those, who are tied from Prance, for their Religion; and though this may not be a Breach of the Act of Toleration, yet it gives a Jealousy, and cannot be proper at this Time.

That this may be used as an Argument, to justify the Persecution in France, when Protestants can scarce endure

these Men to live among them, who have been so useful to them in point of Trade, and in other Instances.

That thedisagreeingtothe Clause, relating to Hospital?, and Work-houses, seems very hard; because it is not to be imagined, these Men can be hurtful to the Government: What Hurt can there come from Dissenting Bread and -Cheese, or Presbyterian Water-gruel

That the Lords think it but equitable, to excuse the Dissenters from burdensome Offices, when they are not allowed those that are profitable.

That, if the Lords should agree to this BHl, as the Commons sent it to them, the Dissenters would lose their Votes in the Elections of Parliament; which is taking from them their Birthright, and a great Privilege.

That all those, who sit in the House of Commons, must be Churchmen; and the Difference between a Churchman, chose by Churchmen, and chose by Dissenters, is only this, that the former will be for using severer, the fetter for using gentler, Means with the Dissenters.

That the Dissenters ought to have their Liberty of Conscience; but at the same time they ought to be kept nut of Power, or any Share of the Government.

That the Act of Toleration has done good to the Church.

That the Dissenters are coming into the Church; and nothing, but terrifying Measures, can hinder them.

That the Lords are for the Clause, relating to the French and Dutch Churchesto preserve the Reputation, the Church of England has gained, of Tenderness.

That the Penalties in this Bill are much greater, than those were in any the Acts of Uniformity.

That high Penalties will encourage false Witnesses, and that Informers were very odious among the Romans.

That every Man knows the Liturgy of the Church, but none the Practice, there is such Variety in it.

And the Bishop of Sarum further added, he supposed, every Man believed the Two first of the 39 Articles; but there have been many good and learned Men, could not bring themselves up to give their Assents to some of the last

That the Preamble of this Bill is general; when divers are excepted in the Acts, to which it relates.

That the Test Act is a sufficient Measure, and comprehends all the Offices of Consequence in the Government

That the Words in the Corporation Act are general, and uncertain.

That

Ann.

5' — 8 Februarii.

183

Thft an ihnoeent Man is very WfeU secured against the Penalties In the Test Act, because his complying with that Act will appear upon Record; but in this Case he has no Defence, but a negative Proof, that he was not at a Conventicle.

That it is the Apostle's Rule, Omnia; quod

bqnumest, tenete; which would be impossible, should this

Bill pass, as the Commons would have it.

That such a Law as this, in Times Of Popery, had 1 prevented the Reformation, which was: owing tooccdeiorial Conformity.

That the Test Act was made the-more severe, because the Grime1 there is of a nlixt Nature: There is an owning an Allegiance in another Pkuce.

That the Clause for the Sermons, and Lectures, in the Universities, whukl present any Misconstructions.

That the Author of that Book, CalledThe Interest of "tiHolland"which passes under the Nameof Wit, inhis

Chapter of Manufactures, says, They will never mtirely settle in England, becausethere is note Liberty of Religion.

That the Improvements of our Manufactures are much owing to the foreigners, that have come among us; which are so increased, that in the late Reign we exported a Million of Manufactures yearly, for several Years, more than in King Charles's Reign.

Your Managers, by way of Reply to these Arguments, urged by the Lords, said,

That, several of Use Lords Arguments were against the

Bill.

That the Lords had agreed to the greater Part of this £91, and therefore should confine themselves, and speak only, to their own Amendments.

That no Time could be more seasonable for this Bill, than the present; because the Church was now in no Danger of Popery, or Fanaticism; but good Laws are to be made for Posterity, and may be obtained most easily in the best Reigns.

That the Right of Election of Members, to serve in Parliament, is in those, that are concerned in the Government of the Corporations; and if they should, by this Bill, be turned out of their Employments, and consequently lose their Votes in the Elections, yet it cannot be said, they lose their Birthrights; because no Man is born a Magistrate.

That the Commons Penalty bears a just Proportion to the Offence; and that all, above One hundred Pounds, is for an obstinate persisting in the Crime.

That the Offender cannot be guilty through Inadvertency: He must offend knowingly and willingly.

That the Test Act gives 500 /. (a much greater Penalty, than that in this Act) to the Informer: Besides, that Act brings the Offender under very great Disabilities.

That an innocent Man is no more secure under the Test Act, than Under this Bill: The Question must be always upon his acting, or his not acting; winch does not depend upon this Record; and a very violent Prosecution has been known, within few Years, against ah Alderman of Worcester, a constant Conformist, only upon a Nicety,

and when there had been no Fault in the Party.

That the Tryal must be by a Jury; pot in a summary Way, before a Justice of the Peace, as in some of our penal Law's.

That it was very plfcin, good Protestants might be affected by Prosecutions upon the Test Act

That some of the Lords Arguments had been so irre-

Slar, as to defend occasional Conformity; and that your anagers were surprised, to hear a Prelate speak in Defence of such a Practice.

Then your Managers left the Bill with the Lords; and said, they hoped, the Lords would not let the Publick lose the Benefit of so good a Law.

And the Amendments, made by the Lords to the said Bill, and adhered to by their Lordships, heing severally read; and the Question being severally put thereupon, That this House doth adhere to their disagreeing with the Lords in the said Amendments;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Vol. 14.

Mr. How (according to Order) reported from the Qualifies tio» Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for of ‘«abeis. the more free and impartial Proceedings in Parliament, by providing, that no Persons shall be chosen Members of the House of Commons, but sudh as have sufficient real Estates, was committed, the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill; which be read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; whete the same were read once throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Punishing. Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill, for punishing Officers, or Soldiers, w ho shall '

mutiny, or desert her Majesty's Service, and for punishing false Musters, and for better Payment of Quartern

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bridges took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Brydges reported from the said Committee, that they bad made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred, and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Mom- nny Debto. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the Bill, for reviving and continuing the Act, for appointing Commissioners, to take, examine, and determine, the Debts due to the Army, Navy, and for Transport Service; and also an Account of the Prizes, taken during the late War.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Mom- Irish For-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ltur -House, upon the Bill, for advancing the Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, and for shewing such, as shall remain unsold or undisposed by the present Trustees, for the Purposes intended by the late Acts concerning the same.

And then the House adjourned till Monday doming, Nine a Clock.

Lunce, 8° die Februarii;

Amoprimo Ann® Regina.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords,. intituled. Ah Wayfoort's, Act for naturalizing NicholasWayfoort and &c N»t.

Sanderfelt, was read the Third Time: And an Amendment was proposed to be miade in the Tide, by adding and Peter le Blanc

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Mashatn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, with some Amendments; to which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

A Petition of Francis Green, Laceman, was presented Army Debt , to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitionei' served die Regiment of Count Steinbock, when in England, in 1696, with several Commodities, for which there is due to him a considerable Sum of Money: That in 1697, by the Order of the then Lords Justices of Efig-I and, published in the Garotte of the 4th of November that all Persons, who had any Claim on the said Regiment, should forthwith bring in the Pardculars thereof to Mr.

Vanderesch, Paymaster of the said Regiment, in order to have the same adjusted and satisfied; and accordingly

the

184 8°- — 9 0 Februariu . 170a.

the Petitioner brought in his Accounts, but remain unsatisfied: And praying, that in the Bill, now depending, for appointing Commissioners, to take, state, and examine, the Accounts of the Army, Navy, and for Transport Service, there may be a Clause, to impower the said Commissioners to examine and adjust his Accounts.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Sisfran- Ordered,', That the ingrossed Bill, for the disfranchising chiaing Hm- Borough of Wmdon, in the County of Wilts, be read doa Borough. Third time this Day, at Twelve a Clock, in a full House.

Jurors; and for reviving, and making more effectual, an Act, relating to Vagrants; without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill, for the more free and impartial Qualification Proceedings in Parliament, by providing, that no Persons Member , shall be chosen Members of the House of Commons, but such, sis have sufficient real Estates, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act for providing, that no Persons shall be chosen Members of the House of Commons, but such, as have sufficient real Estates.

Ordered, That Mr. Hm do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Brograve' An ingrossed Biff, from the Lords, intituled, An Act

E 1 1 to vest dtvers Lands and Tenements of Sir Thomas Brograve, Baronet, in the County of Hertford, in Trustees, to be sold, and to settle other Lands and Tenements in lieu thereof, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Freeman do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Bill, with the said Amendment; to which they desire their Lordship's Concurrence.

pt;tifg the Resolved, That this House do immediately resolve itself

Militia. into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for raising the Militia of this Kingdom, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Three, notwithstanding the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid.

And the House resolved itself into the said Committee accordingly.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Pagitt took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Pagitt reported from the said Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made some Amendments to it, which they had directed him to report, whfcn the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Dufran- An ingrossed Bill, for the disfranchising the Borough of

Hi" Hindon, in the County of Wilts, was read the Third time. rou Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members, to serve in Parliament, for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. Harley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Exporting Mr. Lowndes (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, for prolonging the Time for exporting foreign Goods: And the same was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning, in a full House.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs have a Copy of the said Bill, and do attend this House, upon the Second Reading thereof Tomorrow Morning.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Punishing Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Mut,ny Md the Bill, for punishing Officers, or Soldiers, who shall De ertl#n' mutiny, or desert her Majesty's Service, and for punishing false Musters, and for better Payment of Quarters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bridges took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bridges reported from the said Committee, that they had gone through the Biff, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report; when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Whitaker's ' Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, to oblige Account . Edward Whitaker to account for all such publick Sums of Money, as have been by him received.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Mar Ices took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Markes reported from the said Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Fraud i resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Stamp upon the Bill, for preventing Frauds in her Majesty's Dutie Duties upon stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and for remedying some Defects in the Act relating to the said Duties.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee *

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 9 die Arm prim Annas Regime.

Hoar ' Ordered, That Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Serjeant

E tat . Whitaker, Sir Geo. Beamont, Mr. Levins, Mr. Eyre, Mr.

Gulston, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Executrix of James Hoare, Esquire, deceased, to pay a Sum of Money, in Discharge of a Trust in her reposed by his Will, is committed.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Hoford, and Sir Lacon William Child:

Mr. Speaker,

St Paul' The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Cathedral. for the finishing and adorning the Cathedral Church of St.Paul, London, without any Amendments:

Exporting And also, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing Leather, Ac. former Acts, for exporting Leather; and for Ease of

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ve ey'» for Sale of divers Lands in the County of Kildare Estate, and Kingdom of Ireland (being the Estate of sham Vesey, Esquire, and his two Daughters, Ann Vesey and Henrietta Vesey) for the paying of Debts, and clearing Incumbrances charged thereon, and also for itn-powering the said Agmondisham Vesey to make Leases, for any Term, not exceeding One-and-twenty Years, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass. Ordered, That Mr. Hicks do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, with some Amendments; to which they desire their Lordship's Concurrence.

A Petition

Army Debts.

Ditto.

Ditto.

i Ann.

p' Februarii.

l85

A‘Petition of John Cor, and others, that served their late Majesties in reducing of in the Regiment of

Horse there, commanded by the Honourable Colonel 'Theodoras Russell, was presentedto the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners, in i6S8, entered into the Regiment, and mounted themselves at their own Charge, and in September, 1689, were sent into Ireland: That in March, 1690-1, thte said Regiment was broke, and the CommissionOfficers, and some private Men, that quitted the Service, h&d their Accounts stated, and Payment made of the Balance then due; but the Petitioners were then in other Regiments, never had any Account of their 'Pay, due in that Regiment, or any Satisfaction for their Horses, brought in at their own Charge, although they have applied to the Commissioners, for stating the Accounts of the Army, who informed the Petitioners, they Rad no Power therein: And praying, the House would direct, that they may be relieved in their just Complaints, and the Commissioners empowered to examine the same.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for reviving and continuing the Act, for appointing Commissioners, to take, examine, and determine, the Debt, due to the Army, Navy, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes, taken during the late War, is committed.

A Petition of Sir Thomas Baronet, late

Commissary to the Two Marine Regiments, and George Gillard, his Deputy, was presented to the House, and /cad; setting forth, that there is a considerable Arrear of Pay due to the Petitioners, as Commissary and Deputy to the Two Marine Regiments, commanded by the Marquis of Carmarthen, and Sir which, pursuant to several Votes of the House, should have been paid long since, the Petitioners having received no Halfpay since the 24th of December, 1701: And praying, the House would direct the Commissioners, for stating the Accounts of the Army, to state and certify the Pay of the Petitioners.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for reviving and continuing the Act, for appointing Commissioners, to take, examine, and determine, the Debt, due to the Army, Navy, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes, taken during the late War, is committed.

A Petition of Cornelia Corker, Widow, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner hath 4,000 /. sterling, and upwards, due to her from the Regiment, heretofore commanded by the Lord Cults, and lately byColonel Seymour (w herein she lost Two Husbands) the consideration of which was referred to the then Lords of the Treasury, stated and examined by Mr. Vwider Esch, and by him reported to be a regimental Debt, being Money lent on Bond, for Recruits, Subsistence, Clothes, Annsfff], and Tents, used in the English Service: That the Lords of the Treasury thereupon ordered, that the Petitioner should be considered, when the Arrears of the Regiment should be paid; but nothing is yet done for the Petitioner: That, upon her Application to his late Majesty in Council, he was pleased, in 1701, to order the Lord Cults to signify to the Petitioner, that he would find out some Way to consider her for the said Debt: That the Petitioner followed his late Majesty, the last year, into Holland, and at Loo; but he said, he could do nothing the re, but would order the Payment, at his Return, in England: That in regard the Petitioner hath been these Five Years petitioning for Satisfaction, and having made several expensive Journeys, in attending his Majesty, is brought to Ruin: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give her such Relief, as to them should seem meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the w hole House, to w hom

Vol. 14.

[a] " Array,' Journal.

the Bill, for reviving and continuing the Act, for appointing Commissioners, to take, examine, and determine, the Debt, due to the Army, Navy, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes, taken during the late War, is committed.

Mr. T>olbcn reported from the Committee, to whom Savoy the Bill, to enable her Majesty to settle the Lands and Bevenua . Revenues of the late dissolved Hospital of the Savoy, to such charitable and publick Uses, as are therein mentioned, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Tenants and Lessees should have all such Privilege of renewing their respective Leases, as the Tenants or Lessees had before the Dissolution of the Hospital.

And the Clause was read the First time.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Accommod . resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon !A°n the Bill, for the better Accommodation of her Majesty's av Navy;

Resolved, That this House w ill, upon this Day Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, this Day (after the Re- Army Debt port of the Bill, for punishing Officers, arid Soldiers, who ' shall mutiny, or desert her Majesty's Service, and for punishing false Musters, and for better Payment of Quarters) resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for reviving and continuing the Act, for appointing Commissioners, to take, examine, and determine, the Debt, due to the Army, Navy, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes, taken during the late War.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Justice Powell, Oath of and Mr. Justice Pouys: Abjuration.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Time for taking the Oath of Abjuration, and also for re-capacitating and indemnifying such Persons, as have not taken the same by the Time, and shall take the same by a Time to be, appointed, with some Amendments; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew. J

A Message fiom the Lords, by Sir Robert Legctrd, and Doctor Edisbury:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Running of for encouraging the Consumption of malted Corn, and Brandy, for the better preventing the running of French and foreign Brandy, without Amendment:

Also, their Lordships have agreed to the Amendment, Rmgrave' made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to vest Estat . divers Lands and Tenements of Sir Thonuis Brograve,

Baronet," in the County of Hertford, in Trustees, to be sold, and to settle other Lands and Tenements in lieu thereof.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Bridges (according to Order) reported from the Punishing Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for Mutiny and punishing Officers, or Soldiers, who shall mutiny, or desert Des tion her Majesty's Service, and for punishing false Musters,

3 A and

Exporting

foreign

Goods.

Raising the Militia.

Exporting

foreign

Goods.

Whitaker's

Accounts.

Frauds in

Stamp

Duties.

Army Debts.

186

and for better Payment of Quarters, was committed, the Amendments,made by the Committee to the said Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and

then a Second time, one by one, and, upon....

severally put thereupon (with some Amendments to the said Amendments) agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That all Persons, convicted of capital Felonies, reprieved, in order to obtain a Pardon, upon Condition of being transported beyond the Seas, shall, during the Continuance of the Act, on Receipt of a Warrant, under the Sign Manual of her Majesty, for preparing such Pardon, be delivered out of Custody, to be disposed of according to the Condition of such Warrant.

And the same was twice read, and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, For the buying and furnishing Accoutrements in England.

And the same was read the First time, and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That so much of the Act, as relates to the punishing Mutineers, and Deserters, and such as receive them, and to Persons holding Correspondence with her Majesty's Enemies, and no more, shall extend to such Governors, or other Officers, in Garrisons, and the Forces in Pay in Ireland.

And the same was tw ice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, that he had received a Letter from the Commissioners of the Customs, that they had, late in the Evening Yesterday, received Notice of the Order of this House, relating to the Bill, for prolonging the Time for exporting foreign Goods; and that the Matter was of great Importance; and desired, that, if their Opinion was expected thereupon, they might have further Time for their Deliberation upon so weighty a Point.

And the Orders of the Day bciDg read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for raising the Militia of this Kingdom, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Three, notwithstanding the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, was committed, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill, for prolonging the Time for exporting foreign Goods, be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning; and that the Commissioners of the Customs do then attend this House.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, to oblige Edward Whitaker to account for all such publick Sums of Money, as have been by him received, was committed, he made Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for preventing Frauds in her Majesty's Duties upon stampt Vellom, Parchment, and Paper, and for remedying some Defects in the Acts relating to the said Duties.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for reviving and continuing the Act, for appointing Commissioners, to take, examine, and determine, the Debt, due to [the] Army, Navy, and for

1702.

Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes, taken during the late "War.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 10 dieFebruarii;

Anno primo Ann® Regime.

Praters.

MR. Serjeant Cau.ard reported from the Committee, Hoar.'.

to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intitu- 6Ut# led, An Act to enable the Executrix of James Hoare,

Esquire, deceased, to pay a Sum of Money, in Discharge of a Trust in her reposed by his Will, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations therein, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments:

And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Mr. Gape reported from the Committee, to whom the Butler ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for setting aside a Settlement, in order that William may have

a good Conveyance of Lands from Raphael Whistler, according to Articles agreed on, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations therein, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the seme to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Mr. Marks (according to Order) reported from the Whitaker'. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, to Account, oblige Edward Whitaker to account for all such Sums of publick Money, as have been by him received, was committed; that the Committee had called for the said Mr. Whitaker's Counsel, to be heard upon his Petition, which was referred to the Consideration of the said Committee; but that neither Mr. Whitaker, nor any Counsel for him, did attend; and thereupon the Committee proceeded upon the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House:

Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were )nee read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Irish For-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon feiture . the Bill, for advancing the Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, and for securing such, as shall remain unsold or undisposed by the present Trustees, for the Purposes intended by the late Acts concerning the same;

And the House being informed, that the Two Trustees, in Town, attended, according to Order; they were called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House a State of the Case of Sir Redmond Exerard:And the same was read: And they were asked several Questions, relating to the Receipt and Disposition of the Monies, received upon Sale of the forfeited Estates, and relating to the Case of the said Sir Redmond Everard, Mr. Leigh, and the Lord Bophin.

And then they withdrew.

The State of the Case is, as followed); viz

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled:

The State of Sir Redmond Everai'd's Case.

SIR John Everard, Father of Sir Redmond, was, in the Year 1688, seised in Fee of 5,945 Acres of Land io

the

9 — 10° F

Raising the Militia

Exporting

foreign

Goods.

Frauds in

Stamp

Putiea.

1 Ann. to0 — 11° Februarii.

the County of Tipperary, in the Kingdom of Ireland, of the yearly Value of 1,700l. which, being forfeited by him was granted away by his late Majesty and 2 167 Acres, Part thereof, were sold by the Grantee to several Purchasers, to whom the Act of Resumption gaye One Third of their Purchase-money.

The last Session of Parliament Sir Redmond upon his Application, obtained an Act, requiring the Trustees, on Payment of 2,0001, to convey all the Estate, Sir John Everard was seised or possessed of the Second of November, 1688, in Trust, to raise the Sums, necessary to pay off' Incumbrances, and the said 2,000 /. and afterward in Trust for the said Sir Redmond, and his Heirs.

The Protestant Purchasers likewise obtained an Act, the same Session, which required the Trustees to permit all Purchasers under the Grantees of any forfeited Lands in Ireland, their Heirs and Assigns, to have, hold, and enjoy, the Lands, &;c. conveyed to them by the Grantees, paying Thirteen Years Purchase; in which, by the said Act, they were allowed a Discount of One other Third-part of their Purchase-money; and the Trustees were required to convey to them, and their Heirs, the said Lands, and all their Estate and Interest therein. Sir Redmond, and the Purchasers, applied to the Trustees for the Conveyance of the same Lands; and it being impossible for them to comply with the strict Words of both Acts, they did conceive it to be most consonant to Justice and Equity (the Purchasers coming in on the more valuable Consideration) to convey to Sir Redmond only that Part of his Father's Estate, which was not purchased, which consists of 3,778 Acres, let in the Year 1701 for 5.57 /. 14.V. and valued by the Surveyors at 1,118/. per Annum, subject only to 2,200l. Incumbrances(thatappears to die Trustees) and to convey to the Purchasers their Parts. In pursuance of which Resolution, Three of the Five Purchasers have paid 1,844/. 6 . lojt/. and have had their Conveyances; and the Purchasers, amongst them (in Ease of Sir Redmond) are to discharge the general Incumbrances affecting both Estates, to the Value of 1,303/. gs. and the Trustees are come to a Resolution, that 2,000 /. of the said Purchase-money shall be applied in Discharge of the said 2,000l. payable by Sir Redmond.

By this Construction, 'tis conceived, that both Acts will in a great measure have their Effects; whereas otherwise the Purchasers would be deprived of the Benefit of an Act, made expressly in their Favour.

All which is humbly submitted to your Honours.

J. Bdggs.

John

Then the House (according to the said Order) resolved itself into the said Committee of the whole Flouse, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

upon the Bill, for preventing Frauds in her Majesty's Duties upon stampt Vellom, Parchment, and Paper, and for remedying some Defects in the Acts relating to the said Duties.

1

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Army Debt!, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for reviving and continuing the Act, for appointing Commissioners, to take, examine, and determine, the Debt, due to the Army Navy and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes, taken during the late War.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 11 die Februarii',

Anno primo Annas Regina

Prayers.

A /TR. Pagitt (according to Order) reported from the Raising the IV JL Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for raising the Militia of this Kingdom, for the Year One Thousand Seven hundred and Three, notwithstanding the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, was committed, the Amendments, made by the Committee to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon (with an Amendment made to one of them) agreed unto' by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That a Clause in an Act, 10° <§' 110 Willielmi tertii, intituled, An Act for raising the Militia, for the Year 1699, although the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid (for the Lieutenants or Deputies, for such Counties or Places, where the Estates of Papists, or other Persons refusing to take the Oaths, lie, to appoint proper Persons to furnish Soldiers, and Arms, for such Estates, and charge the same with the Payment of such Persons, as furnish the same) shall be deemed and taken to be perpetual.

And the Clause was twice read, with a Blank; and the Blank was filled up, and the Clause amended j and afterwards, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That, upon the Third reading the said Bill, a Rider be brought in, upon the Debate of the House.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do, Prohibited Tomorrow Morning, lay before this House, an Account Q jg India of the prohibited East India Goods, pursuant to the ' Directions of the Act, made in the nth and 12th Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual employing the Poor, by encouraging tire Manufactures of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for raising the Militia of this Kingdom, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Three, notwithstanding the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, was committed, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill, for prolonging the Time for exporting foreign Goods, be read a Second time upon Friday next, at One a Clock; and that the Commissioners of the Customs do then attend this House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Vol. 14.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn- Oath of ing next, take into Consideration the Amendments, made Abjuration, by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Time for taking the Oath of Abjuration, and also for recapacitating and indemnifying such Persons, as have not taken the same by the Time, and shall take the same by a Time to be, appointed.

A Petition of Colonel John Hales, in behalf of him- Army Debt , self, the Captains, and the Widows of those Captains, that served under his Command in the Regiment, commanded last by the late Colonel Edu ard Dutton Colt, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said Regiment, being commanded to the West Indies

in

j«88 ii° J\ebruarii. A. 1702.

in 1692, was cleared to the last of August of the same Year, at which time a Stoppage was made of 1,914/.

5s.3 id.'viz. 504 /. thereof in the Earl of s

Office, and 1,410/. 5 s. 3{d. in Mr. Foss Office, on account, (as alleged) that no Rules were settled for stating the Arrears of the Army; but the Lords of the Treasury promised, that the Petitioners should, upon their Return, he paid conformable to other Regiments in the same Case: That afterwards, upon clearing the Army to the first of April, 1692, no such Stoppages being made from other Regiments, the Petitioners Case was referred to the respective Paymasters; whereupon they did severally report, that the Petitioners, according to the Rules settled for Clearings, had a just Right to the Sum aforesaid; yet the Petitioners have not obtained Satisfaction for the same, and, for want thereof, are reduced to the last Extremity: And praying, that in the Bill, depending in the House, for appointing Commissioners, to take, state, and examine, the Accounts of the Army, Navy, and Transport Service, there may be a Clause, to impower the said Commissioners to examine and adjust the Petitioners said Account, or to relieve them in such Manner, as the House should think lit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Army Debts. A Petition of Captain Anthony Gibbons, Captain Benjamin Hoskins, Captain William Bradbury, and Captain James Plunkett, on behalf of themselves, and other the Officers of the late first Marine Regiment, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that ,the Accounts of the said Regiment hath never been stated, pursuant to the Establishment: That there remains due to the Petitioners, and others, the Officers of the said Regiment, considerable Arrears: And praying, that the Accounts of the said Regiment may be stated by the Commissioners, appointed to state the Accounts of the Army, Navy, fyc. according to the Establishment thereof, so that they may be paid their Arrears.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for reviving and continuing the Act, for appointing Commissioners, to take, examine, and determine, the Debt, due to the Army, Navy, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes, taken during the late War, is committed.

Ditto. A Petition of George and Lewis Billingsiy,

in the behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Lieutenants of the late Second Marine Regiment, commanded by Sir Cloudes/y Shoved, and of several of their Widows, was

Presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the 'etitioners are in A n ear of their Pay from the 17th of February, 1696-7, to the Time of their being disbanded, being the 11 tb of September, 1698, during which Time they never received any Subsistence: That the Parliament cjid appropriate Money for the Payment of the two Marine Regiments, for the Time they are in Arrear, which hath never been paid them: That most of the Petitioners have contracted several Debts, upon the Credit of their Pay, which they are not able tp pay, without their Arrears: And praying the House to take their said particular Case and Hardship into Consideration, and to order them such Relief therein, as shall be thought fit

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for reviving and continuing the Act, for appointing Commissioners, to take, examine, and determine, the Debts, due to the Army, Navy, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes, taken during the late War, is committed,

Ditto. A Petition of Colonel Richard Riding wag presented to

the House, and read; setting forth, that there is due to the Petitioner, for his Services, 350/. ios. as appears by a Report from his Excellency the Earl of Rochester, and Sir Wm. Robinson, Deputy Paymaster; which

:Sum the Commissioners of Accounts did not think them-.selves impowered to allow: And praying, that, by a Clause in the . Bill before the House, the Commissioners may be directed, to give him a Certificate, in order to his obtaining a Debenture for the said Sum.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Consideration of the eaid Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for reviving and continuing the Act, for appointing Commissioners, to take, examine, and determine, the Debt, due to the Army, Navy, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes, taken during the late War, is committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Sir Humphry Mackworthreported from the Committee, Address —

to whom it was referred to draw up an humble Address, Publick -to be presented to her Majesty, upon the Representation, Account Narrative, and Observations, of the Commissioners of Accounts, and upon the Resolutions of this House thereupon, and upon the Debate of the House; that they had drawn up an Address accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was once read.

Resolved, That tlte said Address be read Paragraph by Paragraph.

And the same was read accordingly; and some Amendments, to some of the Paragraphs, were made by the House.

And a Motion being made, That the House do agree with the Committee, in tire said Address, so amended;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas fSir Thamas \

letters for the sir Christoph J lj2

Tellers for the Noes, Ashf' j 83.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Address is, as followeth;

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects,

-the Commons, in Parliament assembled (being deeply sensible, that, notwithstanding the immense Sums, which have been raised for the Service of the late War, the Nation still,labours under a vast Debt of many Millions of Money) do think it our indispensable Duty to lay before your Majesty the unhappy Causes and Instruments, which appear to us to have brought this heavy Burden upon, your People; not doubting, but your Majesty will be graciously pleased, in your great Wisdom and Goodness, to give such effectual Orders, that neither any indirect Practices shall be suffered, nor any Persons intrusted with the Administration of the public!: Affairs, who have been the Authors of all our Miseries.

We therefore humbly crave Leave to represent to your Majesty, that, during the said War, winch was carried on in Defence of the Protestant Religion, and the Liberties of Europe, against the common Enemy of both, and therefore chearfully supported by the People of yet even then, when the great Necessities of the Kingdom did require a more than ordinary Frugality, there appears to have been a general Mismanagement of the publick Revenue; w'hich was principally owing to some of the great Officers of the Treasury, who, being more intent on their own private Profit, than the due Execution of their publick Trusts, did neither discharge the Duty of their own Places, nor take are, that the subordinate Officers should discharge theirs.

And we can attribute it to no other Cause, than this Remissness in the Treasury, that many Receivers, in the several Counties of England and Wales, made so long and unnecessary Delays in their respective Payments, into the Exchequer, of the Taxes, given by Parliament, and levied on your Majesty's good Subjects; by which means they made unreasonable Advantages to themselves, whilst

' the

i -

i Ann. i i0 Februarii, 180

the Publick was forced to pay great Interest, and large Premiums, not only for the want of their own Money, but, as we have great Reason to believe, many times for the Loan of it; and several Receivers, in such intermediate Time, have failed, with considerable Sums in their Hands, to the great Loss and Damage of the Publick.

Your dutiful Commons do further humbly represent to your Majesty, that great Sums of Money have been borrowed, and divers Tallies, with Interest, struck unnecessarily, upon the Assessments, and other' Parliamentary Aids, before the publick Occasions have required them; and this Practice hath been pursued, when Votes of Credit have been obtained, upon Representations, made to your Commons, of very pressing Necessities for the same; whereby many Officers of the Revenue, and their Friends, have had an Opportunity to receive great Sums for Interest, which did incur on such Tallies before their Money was paid into the Use of the Publick; for the Advantage of which Interest, we have also reason to believe, that many Accountants, who have received from the Exchequer great Sums of Money, for the Use of the Publick, did industriously delay the Payment thereof to the Seamen, and Soldiers, to whom it was due; and this seems to be the great Inducement, that made such Accountants trust great Sums of the publick Money in the Hands of Goldsmiths, and other Persons, in order to make private Advantages of it, and lend it back to the Exchequer in other Persons Names: All which tended to the great Damage of your Majesty's good Subjects, to the manifest Wrong and Discouragement of the Seamen and Soldiers, and to the great Dishonour of tint-English Nation.

This evil Practice of striking Tallies, with Interest, before the Money was paid in, was also attended with another great Inconveniency to the Publick; that, whenever the Nation had Occasion for ready Money, to answer the present Necessities of the Kingdom, many Persons, who advanced their Money upon Loan, knowing, they should have the same Advantages by Delay, as by prompt Payment, would not bring their Money into the Exchequer, for several Months after the Tallies were struck; whereby the Government was forced, in the mean time, to pay excessive Rates lor Stores, and Provisions, for the ‘Army and Navy, in regard the Merchants and Tradesmen could have no ready Money for their Goods, but remote Tallies, upon a large Discount.

And by these, and other undue Means, a very great Part of all the publick Aids were squandered away in extravagant Interest, large Premiums, and in excessive Rates for Stores, and Provisions; which has been one of the great Causes, that hath brought so heavy a Debt upon this Nation.

Cut here we cannot, in Justice, omit to acknowledge the present good Management of the Treasury; whereby, for the Honour of your Government, and the Advantage of the whole Nation, no unnecessary Tallies, with Interest, are permitted to be struck, nor more Money at any time borrowed, than the Necessities of the Nation do require; and Care is taken, for supporting the Credit of the Course of the Navy, Victualling, and other publick Offices, that all Stores and Provisions, are in good measure, provided with as great Advantage to the Publick, as if the same were purchased with ready Money: Which Frugality, and good Management, will be found to be one of the most effectual Means, to make your Majesty's Government easy at home, and to carry on a vigorous War against the common Enemy abroad.

And we humbly crave Leave further to represent to your Majesty, that, though your Commons (who were always ready to support the Dignity of the Crown) had anrtply provided all those Sums, which (according to the largest Estimates, laid before them) were thought necessary for the Occasions of the Civil List; yet, over and above the said Sums, and out of the Aids given by Parliament (which, by the Law of England, are appropriated, and ought to have been employed, to foe common Profit of the whole Realm) many large Sums of Money, during the time of such heavy Taxes upon the People, have Vor. 14.

been diverted, under the Head of secret Services, and Address — for Salaries, Bounties, and Pensions, to private Persons, Publick which (if proper to be paid at all) ought to have been sup- Accounts, plied out of the Civil List; nay, to so great a Degree did this Profuseness extend, that several Thousand Pounds were paid out of the publick Aid, to purchase great Places for the late Earl of Sunderland, and the present Earl of Albemarle: So little could your Commons depend upon the Integrity of the publick Officers; so little Regard was had, by them, to those heavy Taxes, the People lay under; that nothing less could secure the publick Money from Misapplications, than an express Clause of Appropriation; which, tho' not at all necessary for the Security of the publick Money in general, but only to direct the Application of it in some particular Cases, yet, whenever your Commons made no such particular Appropriation, they seldom failed to misapply the publick Money:

Which has been another great Cause of the heavy Debt; that lies upon the Nation.

And your Commons humbly crave Leave further to represent to your Majesty, that the ancient and established Method of accounting in your Majesty s Exchequer hath been in manner following; that is to say, The Auditor of the Receipt is to make out and transmit the Impress Rolls half-yearly to your Majesty's Remembrancer, in order to the charging and prosecuting of Accountants; which being communicated to the Auditors of the Imprest, they are to certify to the said Remembrancer, what Accountants have not brought in or prosecuted their Accounts; and thereupon the Remembrancer is obliged, every issuable Term, to issue out Process against them: So that the Auditor of the Receipt is the main Wheel, that sets all the rest a going; and when that great Officer is deficient in his Duty, it is not regular, nor indeed possible, for the rest to proceed, but ail Process against Accountants must be at a Stand, and your Majesty, and all your loyal Subjects, must extremely suffer by it. And as to the Clerk of foe Pells, he is to examine the Impress Rolls, but the Auditor is obliged to transmit them to the Remembrancer; and when, through the Neglect, or Corruption, of the said Officers, this ancient Method and Course of the Exchequer was not so strictly observed, as it ought to have been, it was expressly provided by an Act of Parliament, so lately made, as in the 8th and 9th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King of

glorious Memory, and intituled, "An Act for the " better Observation of the Course, anciently used in the " Receipt of foe Exchequer," in these Words following; that is to say, " That the Auditor of the Receipt shall " transmit the ordinary Imprest Rolls half-yearly to " the King's Remembrancer, in order to the charging " or prosecuting of Accomptants, and shall half-yearly,

" to wit, at Easter and Michaelmas, make out, and " transmit to the said Commissioners of die Treasury, or " the Treasurer for the Time being, the Declaration of " the Receipts, Issues, and Remains, at the Exchequer,

" for every Half-year successively: All which Matters and Things, and all other Matters and Things,

" belonging to the Office and Duty of the Auditor of the " Receipt, shall be faithfully and carefully done and performed by the Auditor of the Receipt, for the Time " being, in such manner, as hath been anciently accustomed." And it is thereby further provided, " That " the said Auditor do, as frequently as he thinks fit, but " at least once in every Three Months, carefully examine " the Tellers Vouchers for the Payments, which he allows in his weekly Certificates." But so it is, most gracious Sovereign, that, notwithstanding the plain and express Words of the said Statute, so lately made, when Charles Lord Halifax, the present Auditor of the Receipt, w-as himself a Member of that Parliament, yet he hath taken so little Care to discharge the Duty of his Office, for the Interest of your Majesty, and the Security of the Publick, that he hath not duly performed any One of the Particulars above-mentioned; and, for want of examining the Tellers legal Vouchers, the said Auditor hath manifestly deceived your Majesty, and'foe Publick, by inserting

3 B into

190

ii° Februarii.

A. 1702.

Address —

Publirk

Accounts.

into the weekly Certificates of the Receipts, Issues, and Remains, in the Exchequer, such Sums of Money, as were never actually and paid to the proper

Parties, nor the Crown legally discharged thereof: And as to the Impress Rolls, your Commons cannot, without Grief, observe to your Majesty, that, notwithstanding the re may be Six Impress Rolls now transmitted to the Remembrancer, yet it is well known in the said Office, that none of the said Rolls, from the Eight-and-twentieth of June, One thousand Seven hundred, exclusive, were so transmitted, till very lately, after the Two-and-twentieth of January last, and after the said Commissioners of Accounts had made their Enquiries into that Neglect, by Order of your Commons; which being long after the Time they ought to have been transmitted, the said Auditor was very far from doing his Duty in this Particular; and, by reason of this Neglect, no Charge could be made, in the mean time, upon the respective Accountants, who have received vast Sums of the publick Money, which are unaccounted for to this Day; and by this Means, notwithstanding the Impress Accountants ought annually to account within Three Months after the End of each Year, yet due Process hath not, nor indeed could issue out against them; and many Persons, who have received great Sums, by way of Imprest, from the Treasurer of the Navy, and Paymaster of the Army, are skreened from Prosecution, and, not being set in

the Exchequer, cannot be regularly called to an Account for the Moneys by them received: And we have great Reason to believe, that the Damage to the Publick, by this Neglect in the said Auditor, and his Predecessor, may amount to several Millions of Money; since by Length of Time (during which the principal Accounts have been neglected) many of the Persons, who received the said publick Monies, are either dead, or become insolvent: And the greater the Neglect of the former Auditor was, before the making the said Statute, and before the present Auditor came to his Office, the greater ought to have been his Care, to discharge his Duty, pursuant to that Law, which he himself was present at the making of, and which he has so highly neglected for the Space of Three Years, and upwards, ever since he came into the said Office, to the great Detriment of your Majesty, and all your loyal Subjects.

And notwithstanding it was also provided by another Act, made in the 4th Year of the late King William and Queen Mary, Chap. 3. That, in case any Officer of the Exchequer should demand, or take, any Fee, Gratuity, or Reward, or misapply any of the weekly Sums therein mentioned, or should not perform other Things, which by the said Act they are required to perform, they shall forfeit their Offices, and be uncapable of any Office or Place of Trust; yet the said Auditor hath acted contrary to the said Statute, and hath received several Sums of Money to his own Use, contrary to Law, and the Trust reposed in him; for all which, or any other Breaches of his Duty, as well as for those, formerly laid before your Majesty (for whose gracious Answer to our humble Address on that Occasion, we return your Majesty our most humble and hearty Thanks) we earnestly desire, your Majesty will be graciously pleased to order your Attorney-general effectually to prosecute at Law the said Auditor of the Receipt: And thus as we have seen great and good Actions rewarded by your Majesty, we doubt not, but to see all Deceits and Mismanagements duly punished; since your Comipons can propose no Benefit to themselves by all their Enquiries, unless the Laws are put in due Execution, and those, who have lived so long in Defiance of them, come at last to feel their Weight.

And by the Neglect of the said Auditor, and his Predecessor, the Auditors of the Imprest, and the Remembrancer, and other Officers of the Exchequer, have not been able to proceed in their Duty, according to the Law and Course of the Exchequer; several of which Officers have been also negligent therein; whereby all the publick Accounts of the Nation are far behind: The State whereof (as delivered in to the Commissioners of Accounts) in the Particulars hereafter mentioned, is, as followeth;

The Earl of Rand'agh, late Paymaster of your Majesty's Forces, of Onc-and-twenty Millions and upwards, received in Fourteen Years time, have passed no Account, during all the late lteign, farther than the last of December, One thousand Six hundred and Ninety, nor any other Account, farther than March, One thousand Six hundred and Ninety-two; which was not declared before the 20th of June last, and even that, upon Vouchers, which were not sufficient for a legal Discharge.

The Commissioners, for the Sick and Wounded, have brought in no Accounts, during all the late Reign, and none since, any further than the Orie-and-thirtieth of December, One thousand Six hundred and Ninety.

The late Treasurer of the Chamber, Sir Rowland

Gwyn, the late Master of the Robes, the Earl of Albemarle, and Mr. Parkhurst, Mr. Paschall, and others, Commissioners of the Prize Office, have delivered in no Accounts at all to the Auditors of the Imprest.

Jacob Vanderesche, Esquire, Paymaster of his late Majesty's Dutch Forces, hath received Three Millions Twenty-five thousand Seven hundred Fifty-three Pounds, Nine Shillings, and Six-pence, which, by Computation, is Fifty-two thousand Nine hundred and Seven Pounds, Six Shillings, and Eight-pence Farthing, more than the Pay of those Troops could have amounted to, if they had been always complete; no Deductions made from them; and upon an English Establishment, which all of them were not: And yet the said Vanderesche hath passed no Account at all; and, though often summoned, hath never appeared before the said Commissioners of the publick Accounts, but stands indebted to the said Troops in One hundred and Twelve thousand Two hundred Twenty-nine Pounds, Nine Shillings, and Eight-pence, which is now demanded, as an Arrear due to them from your Majesty, and the Publick.

The late Treasurer of the Navy, of Seventeen Millions, and upwards, received, hath brought in several Accounts to the last of December, One thousand Six hundred and Ninety-eight: His Account, for the Year One thousand Six hundred and Ninety-two, was declared the 3d Day of July last; since which the Accounts of the Three following Years only have been declared.

The said Treasurer. by Mr. Cashier of the

Victualling-office, hath passed no Account, during all the late Reign, farther than the One-and-thirtieth of December, One thousand Six hundred and Ninety-six; which was not declared till the 19th of May, One thousand Seven hundred and One; and on the Foot of that Account he remained indebted Five hundred Thirty-four thousand Twenty-seven Pounds, Three Shillings, and Three-pence.

And many other Accountants, who it would be too tedious to enumerate to your Majesty, are either far behind in their Accounts, or have never brought in any Accounts at all; insomuch that, although Forty-five Millions Five hundred Sixty-eight thousand Seven hundred Twenty-five Pounds, Nineteen Shillings, and Twopence Farthing (a Sum'never known to be raised in very many Reigns before) hath been levied on your Majesty s good Subjects, and issued out of the Exchequer to the several Paymasters and Treasurers of the Navy, Army, and Ordnance, for the Service of the late War, between the Fifth of November, One thousand Six hundred and Eighty-eight, and the Eighth of March last past (besides the several Millions of Money raised for other publick Uses) yet the far greatest Part thereof hath not been accounted for to this Day; to the great Dissatisfaction of your People, and the great Dishonour of the English Nation.

By these Neglects, and Delays, all Accounts have been rendered so intricate and confused, that the several Accountants have had great Opportunities of defrauding the Publick; the Discovery of their Frauds has been made very difficult; and p. Hindrance thereby is given to the passing all succeeding Accounts.

Hence it is, that so many publick Officers, and Accountants, have raised great Estates to themselves, at the Expence of the Publick, when it is evident, they have had no (awful Means to attain them; and several Persons,

whose

i Ann. ii 0 Februarii. 191

whose Duty it was to hinder such Exorbitances, measuring their Requests rather by their own Avarice, than their Merit, have obtained for themselves Grants, to such a Value, as, in foregoing Reigns, have been esteemed large Supplies towards great and publick Services: Which has been another great Cause of the Debt, that lies upon the Nation.

And your Commons do further humbly represent to your Majesty, that, notwithstanding such vast Sums, issued out to the said late Paymaster, and Treasurer, whereby your Commons had amply provided for all those Services, and for the effectual carrying on the War against France, yet they find, to their great Sorrow, that not only the Officers, but the Seamen, and Soldiers, who on all Occasions have behaved themselves bravely in Defence of their Country, have not been paid, during the late War, and that great Sums are still owing to many of them; whereas, if the publick Money had been duly applied to the Uses, for which it was given by your Commons, instead of those many Hardships, that, were endured by your Majesty's most faithful Subjects, and their Families, who served so well in your Fleets, and Armies, they would have had Justice done them, during the last War, and been encouraged more chearfully to engage themselves in this.

But, instead of Justice, we have too much Reason to believe, that those very Persons, who, by long and unnecessary Delays, had compelled them to accept of remote Tallies, and Paper Securities, have (amongst others) taken Advantage of their Necessities, and employing Brokers; to buy up those Tallies, and Securities, at a low Rate, have afterwards paid thefnselves with that ready Money, which they should at first have distributed to the Seamen, and Soldiers.

And such was the mysterious Trade upon Tallies, and Exchequer Bills, which was formerly carried on by common Brokers, betwixt the Exchange and the Exchequer, and which did, as it were, prey upon the very Vitals of the Government, and so great Gain was made thereby, at the Expence of the Publick, that vast Sums of Money were employed in it; which did very much lessen the true Trading Stock of this Nation; whereby both the Exportation of the Woollen and other Manufactures of this Kingdom, and the Importation of Bullion, and other Commodities of foreign Countries, to be manufactured in England, have been very much obstructed, to the great Prejudice of your Majesty's Customs, the Loss of the Balance of Trade, and the general Impoverishment of the whole Kingdom.

And though the said late Paymaster, and Treasurer, by long and unnecessary Delays in settling their Accounts, have, in great measure, prevented any Discovery of their undue Proceedings, and have endeavoured to protect themselves from a just and fair Account to the Nation, by Privy Seals, and other unjustifiable Warrants, surreptitiously obtained, for passing their Accounts without proper Vouchers, contrary to the Law and Course of the Exchequer; yet your Commons, by the great Fidelity and Diligence of the said Commissioners, for taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, have not only discovered the several Mismanagements above-mentioned, but also some of the unwarrantable Proceedings, used by the said late Paymaster of your Majesty's Forces; by whom a considerable Part of the Alone}', which came to his hands, and which ought not to have been applied to any other Purpose, than the Payment of the Army, hath been diverted to his own and to other private Uses; for all which, upon a full and fair Hearing in his own Defence, lie hath justly incurred the Censure of this House, and been declared guilty of a high Crime and Misdemeanor.

And we find, to our unspeakable Grief, whilst his late Majesty was engaged in the Prosecution of the glorious Design of preserving the Protestant Religion, and the Liberties of Europe, and was thereby necessitated to commit the Care of the publick Affairs in this Kingdom to particular Ministers, whereof a very few were more par-Vol. 14s

ticularly intrusted with the chief Administration, and who Address — have been the great Causes of all the unhappy Differences Pobhck amongst us, this general Mismanagement of the publick Accounts Affairs did actually spread itself over the whole Kingdom, and seems to be owing (amongst other Things) to a Disposition of Offices and Places, where Men were rather chosen for their Inclinations to serve a Party, than for their Qualifications to serve the Publick.

And these Men, being conscious to themselves of the many Frauds and Offences committed against the Publick, have no other Hopes to shelter themselves from Justice, but by taking away the Reputation of those, who desire to do Right to their Country, by detecting their Iniqui? ties; and being united in Guilt, and Interest, they endeavour to amuse and impose upon those, whose Posterity, we have too much Reason to fear, will groan under the sad Effects of the Wickedness of the one, and the too great Credulity of the other.

These, dread Sovereign, are divers of the Causes of those Mischiefs, your Kingdom suffereth by the late Mismanagements, and which your loyal Commons could not omit thus humbly to represent, in all dutiful Manner, without being unfaithful to your Majesty, and to the Country, by whom they are intrusted.

From hence your Majesty will be graciously pleased to take Notice, that the great Debt, which lies upon the Nation, and all the Arrears, which are owing to your Majesty's Forces, do not arise so much from the Deficiencies of the Funds, as for want of Care in the Management, and Fidelity in the Application, of them.

But since it hath pleased Almighty God to place your sacred Majesty on the royal Throne of your Ancestors, we have so intire a Confidence in your Majesty's Goodness, that we can no longer fear to see the publick Revenue mismanaged, or misapplied, the Accounts neglected, or the Forces unpaid; and we chearfully depend on your Majesty's Wisdom, that all our Grievances, by your Grace and Favour, will in due time be redressed, and removed, by punishing those, who have been the Causes of them, and by instrusting none in the Administration of the publick Affairs, who, for their own private Advantage, have manifestly contributed to the Calamity of their Country.

This, most gracious Sovereign, will be the onl v effectual Means to prevent tl>« like Mismanagement for the future, and thereby to make your Majesty's Reign happy at home, and prosperous abroad.

This will be the best Means to enable and encourage your dutiful Commons to raise those Supplies, which shall be necessary to support your Majesty against all your Enemies.

And we humbly crave Leave, upon this Occasion, to repeat our Assurances to your Majesty, that we will always stand by and assist your Majesty, to the utmost of our Power, in preserving the established Government, both in Church and State, maintaining the ancient Glory of the English Nation, and in defending the Liberties of Europe against the boundless Ambition of France.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council, do humbly know her Majesty's Pleasure, when she will be attended by this House.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford, and Air. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act williams' to enable Sir Edward Williams to sell certain Manors and Estate. Lands in the Counties of Brecon and Radnor, for Payment of Debts, with an Amendment; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made Fowler's . by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming Estate, and establishing a Partition, made by Sir Edmund Fowler,

Knight, and Dame Anne, his Wife, and Elizabeth

Widow,

L

192 11 — 12° . 1702.

Widow, of certain Manors and Lands in the County of Press 27. Last Line but Three, to leave out " the."

Kent, in the Year One Thousand Six hundred Thirty- The same were, upon the Question severally put there-

four: upon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended

Chancery- Also, the Lords have agreed to the Dill, intituled, A i at die Table accordingly.

lane and Act, for the better collecting the Duties, granted for That the Bill do pass; aiul that the Title be,

Lincoln's Inn making the Way out of Chaneenj-la nemto Lincolns Inn An Act for punishing Officers, and Soldiers, who shall ields. Fields, and for determining the said Duties, w hen the mutiny, or desert her Majesty's Service, in England, or Parties concerned are paid, without any Amendments. Ireland, and for punishing false Musters, and for better And then the Messengers w ithdrew. Payment of Quarters in England.

Ordered, That Mr. Bridget do carry the Bill to the Irish For- Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto, fruures. whole House, to whom the Hill, for advancing the Sale

of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, and for securing such, Ordered, That the Committee, appointed to inspect the Publick

as shall remain unsold or undisposed by the present Journals, and search Precedents, relating to what has been Accounts, Trustees, for the Purposes intended by the late Acts con- done, upon the Lords desiring Members of this House to

ceming the same, was committed, be made Tomorrow attend at die Bar of the House ot Lords, and in relation

Morning to the Lords inspecting and examining Accounts, do

make their Report Tomorrow Morning.

Frauds in Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,; That the said Committee do search the Proceedings

Stamp resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Journals of the House of Lords, what Proceedings they H°'£s ou

Duties. upon t[)e Bill, for preventing Frauds in her Majesty's have made, in relation to the Observations of die Com- A"c

Duties upon stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and missioned for taking, examining, and stating dip publick

for remedying some Defects in the Acts, relating to die Accounts of die Kingdom; and report the same to die

said Duties. House.

Army Debts. Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of thewliole House, upon the Bill, for reviving and continuing the Act, for apfiointing Commissioners, to take, examine, and determine, the Debt, due to the Arrny, Navy, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes, taken during the late War.

And then the House adjourned dll Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 12 die Februarii',

Anno primo Annas Regina:.

Praters.

Whitakers A grossed Bill, to oblige Euzcard , to

Accounts. account for all such publick Sums of Money, [as]

have been by him received, was read the Third 1 imc.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; % nd that the Title be, An Act to oblige Eduard Whitaker to account for such Sums of public Money, as have been received by him.

Ordered, That Mr. Lownds do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Supply Bill; Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, for granting divers Subsidies. Subsidies to her Majesty, for carrying on the present War, be read die Third time Tomorrow Morning.

Tunishing An ingrossed Bill, for punishing Officers, or Soldiers, Mutiny and who shall mutiny, or desert her Majesty's Service, and Desertion, for punishing false Musters, and for better Payment of Quarters, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That, if any Action or Suit shall he brought against any Person, for any Thing done pursuant to the Act, or against any Officer, concerned in the Army, or Naval Forces, or Ships of War, or providing for die same? they may plead the general Issue, " Not guilty," and give such special Matter in Evidence to the Jury.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks were filled up; and then the Clause was read the Third time, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then the several Amendments following, being proposed to be made in die Bill; viz.

Press 20. Line 12. To leave out " Realms," and insert "Realm:"

Line 13. To leave out " and L. 16, and 17. To leave out "and L. 33. To leave out " and

Press 23. L. 35. Instead of " Powers," to insert " Penalties

Colonel Granville reported, diat he having waited upon Qmen ap-her Majesty, to know her Majesty's Pleasure, when she points to b« would be attended by this House, her Majesty has been atteat d-pleased to appoint this Afternoon, at Four a Clock, at 6't. Janus's.

The House being informed, that the Commissioners of Exporting the Customs attended (according to Order), they were called in, and, at the Bar, heard, touching the ' Bill, for . prolonging the Time for exporting foreign Goods; and also presented to the House (according to Order) Accounts Prohibited of the prohibited East India Goods, pursuant to the Act, East hi Jm made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Year of his late Ma- Coud "‘ jesty's Reign (intituled, An Act for the more effectual employing the Poor, by encouraging the Manufactures of this Kingdom) from the Twenty-ninth of September,

One thousand Seven hundred and One, to the Twenty-fifth of March, One thousand Seven Hundred and Two, and from thence to the Twenty-niuth of September, Oiw? thousand Seven hundred and Two; in Ten several Accounts.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon tli«

Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the said Commissioners of the Customs be discharged of their further Attendance.

Then the said Bill was (according to Order) read a Second time.

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Resolved, That the Debate be adjourned until Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Irish F«r-whole House, to whom the Bill, lor advancing the TSale] teitures. of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, and for securing such, as shall remain unsold or undisposed by the present Trustees, for the Purposes intended by the late Acts concerning the same, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will Tomorrow Morning, Frauds iu resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Stamp upon the Bill, for preventing Frauds in her Majesty's Duties upon stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and for remedying some Defects in the Acts, relating to the said Duties.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Army Debts., resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for reviving and continuing the Act, for appointing Commissioners, to take, examine, and determine,

the

i Ann. i a" — 13® Februarii. 193

the Debt, due to the Army, Navy, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes taken during the late War.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

1

Sabbat i, 13® die Februorii;

Anno primo Anns Regina.

Prayers.

Savoy A N ingrossed Bill, to enable her Majesty to settle the

Revenues. XV Lands and Revenues of the late dissolved Hospital of the Savoy,to such charitable and publick Uses, as are therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act to enable her Majesty to settle the Lands and Revenues of the late dissolved Hospital of the , to such charitable and publick Uses, as are therein mentioned, and for making the Chapel there a parochial Church.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Supply Bill; 4n nor0SSe Bill, for granting divers Subsidies to her Subsidies. Majesty, for carrying on the present War wTas read the Third [time].

And some Amendments being severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press. 2. L. 16. To leave out " Four,'and insert4 Fifty

Press. 28. L. 15. To leave out " said:"

The same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for granting to her Majesty several Subsidies, for carrying on the War against France and Spain.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Answer to Mr. Speaker reported, that the House did Yesterday Address. attend her Majesty, and presented their humble Address;

and that her Majesty was pleased thereupon to give this most gracious Answer:

THE Repetition of those Assurances, you give me in this Address, of your Zeal for my Service, and the Good of the Kingdom, is very acceptable to me.

I shall consider the several Particulars of it, and always have great Regard to the Representations of the House of Commons, and- the true Interest of England.

OaU> of The House proceeded (according to Order) to take Abjuration, into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Time for taking the Oath of Abjuration, and also for re-capacitating and indemnifying such Persons, as have not taken the same by the Time, and shall take the same by a Time to be appointed.

And the same were read, and are, as followviz.

At the End of the Title add, " And for the further

" Security of her Majesty's Person, and the Succession

" of the Crown in the Protestant Line, and for extin- guishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, " and all other Pretenders, and their open and secret " Abettors."

At the End of the Bill add the Clauses A, B, and C.

Clause A. Provided always, that no Person or Persons, w ho, by reason of any such Mistake, Neglect, or Omission, hath or have left or forfeited any Office, Benefice, Place, Dignity, or Employment, whatsoever,

. to which any other Person or Persons hath or have been preferred or promoted, shall be restored to such Office, Benefice, Place, Dignity, or Employment; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Clause B. And for the further Security of her Majesty's Person, and the Succession of the Crown in the.

Y'ox.. 14.

Protestant Line, and for extinguishing the Hopes of the Oath of pretended Prince of Wales, and all other Pretenders, Abjuration, and their open and secret Abettors, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, if any Person or Persons, at any Time after the First Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Two, shall endeavour to deprive or binder any Person, who shall be the next in Succession of the Crown, for the Time being, according to the Limitations in an Act (intituled, An Act, declaring the Rights, and Liberties of the Subject, and settling the Succession of the Crown) and according to one other Act (intituled,

An Act for the further Limitation of the Crown, and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject) from succeeding, after the Decease df her Majesty (whom God long preserve) to the Impel ial Crown of this Realm, and the Dominions and Territories thereunto belonging, according to the Limitations in the before-mentioned Acts; that is to say, such Issue of her Majesty's Body, as shall from time to time be next in Succession to the Crown, if it shall please Almighty God to bless her Majesty with Issue, and, during the Time her Majesty shall have no Issue, the Princess Sophia, Electress and Duchess Dowager of Hanover, and, after the Decease of the said Princess Sophia, the next in Succession to the Crown, for the Time being, according to the Limitations of the said Acts; and the same maliciously, advisedly, and directly,

shall attempt, by any overt Act or Deed; every such Offence shall be adjudged High Treason; and the Offender or Offenders therein, their Abettors, Procurers and Comforters, knowing the said Offence to be done, being thereof convicted or attainted, according to the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, shall be deemed and adjudged Traitors, and shall suffer Pains of Death, and all Losses and Forfeitures, as in Cases of High Treason.

Clause C. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons, that shall bear any Office or Offices, Military or Civil, or shall receive any Pay, Salary, Fee, or Wages, by reason of any Patent or Grant from her Majesty, or any of her Majesty's Predecessors, or shall have Command or Place of Trust from or under her Majesty, or from any of her Majesty's Predecessors, or by her or their Authority, or by Authority derived from her or them, within the Realm of Ireland, and all Ecclesiastical Persons, and Master, Governor, Head, or Fellow, of the College or University of Dublin, and all Persons teaching Pupils in the said University, or elsewhere, and all Schoolmasters, and Ushers, and all Preachers and Teachers of separate Congregations, and every Person, that shall act as a Serjeant at Law, Counsellor at Law, Barrister, Advocate, Attorney, Sollicitor, Proctor, Clerk, or Notary, practising in any Manner, as such, in any Court or Courts whatsoever, who shall inhabit, be, or reside, within the City of Dublin, or within Thirty Miles of the same, on the First Day of Easter Term, which shall be in the Year of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Three, or at any time during the said Term, shall personally appear before the End of the said Term, or in Trinity Term then next following, in her Majesty's High Court of Chancery, in that Kingdom, or in her Majesty's Court of Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer there; and shall then, in publick and open Court, between the Hours of Nine of the Clock and Twelve in the Forenoon, take the Oath, according to the Alterations thereof, in the said Two first-mentioned Acts contained; unto which Oath, so taken, every such Person, so taking the same, shall subscribe his Name, or make his Mark; and, during the time of taking such Oath, all Pleas, and Proceedings, in the said, respective Courts shall cease; and all and every the said respective Persons, not having taken the said Oath, and subscribed the same, as aforesaid, shall, on or before the First Day of August, in the Year of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Three, at the General Quarter Sessions for the County, Barony, or Place, in the said Kingdom of Ireland, where he or they shall be, inhabit, or reside, on the Twentieth Day of May, in the Year of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and

3 C Three,

i<j4 13 0 Februarii.1702.

Oath of Three, take the said Oath, in open Court, between the Abjuration, said Hours of Nine and Twelve in the Forenoon, and subscribe his Name, or make his Mark, under the same. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons, that shall be admitted, entered, placed, or taken, into any Office or Offices, Civil or Military, or shall receive any Pay, Salary, Fee, or Wages, by reason of any Patent or Grant from her Majesty, or shall have Command or Place of Trust from or under her Majesty, or by her Authority, or by Authority derived from her, within the said Realm of Ireland, after the First Day of Easter Term aforesaid, shall take and subscribe the said Oath, at the same time that he or they shall take the Oaths, and make and subscribe the Declaration, required and appointed to be taken, made, and subscribed by an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mar, intituled, An Act for abro-

gating the Oath of Supremacy in Ireland, and appointing other Oaths; and all Ecclesiastical Persons, every Master, Governor, Head, or Fellow, of the College or University of Dublin, and all Persons teaching Pupils in the said University, or elsewhere, and all Schoolmasters, or Ushers, and all Preachers and Teachers of separate Congregations, and every Person who shall act as Serjeant at Law, Counsellor at Law, Barrister, Advocate, Attorney, Sollicitor, Proctor, Clerk, or Notary, by practising in any Manner, as such, in any Court or Courts whatsoever, who shall, at any Time after the First Day of Easter Term aforesaid, be admitted unto, or enter upon, any of the before-mentioned Preferments, Benefices, Offices, or Places, or shall come into any such Capacity, or shall take upon him or them any such Practice, Employment, or Business, as aforesaid, shall, after he or they shall be admitted into, or enter upon, any such Preferment, Benefice, Office, or Place, or come into such Capacity, or take upon him or them such Practice, Ern- ployment, or Business, as aforesaid, take and subscribe the said Oath, in the next Term, in one of the said Courts, or at the next General Quarter Sessions for the County, Barony, or Place, in the said Kingdom, where he or they shall reside, alter he or they shall be admitted into, or enter upon, any such Preferment, Benefice, Office, or Place, or come into such Capacity, or take upon him or them such Practice, Emplovhient, or Business, as aforesaid. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Person and Persons aforesaid, that do or shall neglect, or refuse, to take the said Oath, and subscribe thereunto, in the said Courts and Places, and at the respective Times aforesaid, shall incur, be subject, and liable unto, the Forfeitures, Penalties, and Disabilities in the said first-mentioned Act expressed, for the Neglect, or Refusal, of the same by any such Person and Persons in the Kingdom of England. Provided, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to any Person, that now is, or at any time hereafter shall be, in England, who, by virtue of this Act, ought to take the said Oath, so that he take the said Oath, and subscribe thereunto, in England, according to the said two first-mentioned Acts; nor to any Person now beyond the Seas, out of England and Ireland, or in her Majesty's Service on Board the Fleet, so as such Person do, the next Term, or the next General Quarter Sessions for the County, Barony, or Place, w'here he shall reside, after his Return into Ireland, take the said Oath, and subscribe thereunto, according to the Appointment of this Act. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Courts aforesaid, to give and administer the Oath aforesaid to the said Person or Persons; and, upon due Tender of any Person or Persons to take the said Oath, the said Courts are hereby required and injoined to administer the same;, of th£ taking and subscribing whereof the like Register shall be kept, as by an Act made in the Five-and-twentieth Year of King Charles the Second, was directed to be kept of the subscribing the Declaration therein mentioned. Provided always, That any Person, who by any Neglect, or Refusal, according to this Act, shall lose or forfeit any

Office, may be capable of a new Grant of the said Office, or of any other, and have and hold the same again, such Person taking the said Oath, and subscribing the reunto, in such Manner, as aforesaid, so as such Office be not granted to, or actually enjoyed by, some other Person, at the time of the re-granting thereof. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Five-and-twentieth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Three, no Person, that now is, or shall be hereafter, a Peer of the Realm of Ireland, or Member of the House of Peers there, shall vote, or make his Proxy, in the said House of Peers, or sit there, during any Debate in the said House, nor any Person, after the said Five-and-twentieth Day of March, who shall be elected a Member of the House of Commons in that Kingdom, shall be capable to vote in the said House, or sit there, during any Debate in the same, after their Speaker is chosen, until such Peer, or Member, shall, from Time to Time, respectively take the said Oath, and subscribe the same, at the same Time, and in such Manner, as is directed, for their making, subscribing, and repeating, the Declaration, mentioned and expressed in the said Act, intituled, An Act for abrogating the Oaith of Supremacy in Ireland, and appointing other Oaths. And be it further enacted, That, if any Person, that now is, or here-after shall be, a Peer of the said Realm of Ireland, or Member of the House of Commons there, shall, after the said Five-and-twentieth Day of March, presume to vote, or make his Proxy, not having taken the said Oath, and subscribed the same, as aforesaid, every such Peer, and Member, shall from thenceforth incur, be subject and liable unto, the Forfeitures, Penalties, and Disabilities, in the said first-mentioned Act expressed, touching Peers in Parliament, and Members in tire House of Commons in England. Provided always, That this Act, or any thing therein contained, shall not extend to the Office of any High-constable, Petty-constable, Tytliing-man, Head-borough, Overseer of the Poor, Church-wardens, Surveyors of the Highways, or auy like inferior Civil Office in the said Kingdom of Ireland, or to any Office of Forester, or Keeper of any Parle, Chace, Warren, or Game, or Bailiff of any Manor or Lands, nor to any like private Offices, nor to any Person or Persons, having only [any] the before-uientioned, or the like, Offices in the said Kingdom.

The First Amendment being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the said Amendment be postponed.

Clause A, being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords, in the said Amendment;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tollers for, Yea

Teller, for U Noea,|"

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Clause B, being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Lords, in the said Amendment.

Clause C, being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Lords, in the said Amendment

The House resumed the Consideration of the First Amendment.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Lords, in the said Amendment.

Ordered, That Sir Matthew Dudley do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Colonel Granville, reported from the Committee, ap- Examining pointed to inspect the Journals, and search Precedents, b

relating to what hath been done, upon the Lords desiring r 8 c Members of this House to attend the House of Lords; ana in relation to the Lords inspecting and examining Accounts; and to search the Journals of the House of Lords,

what

r Ann. 13 0 Febr 105

jvhat Proceedings they have made, in relation to the Observations of the Commissioners, for taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom; that they bad searched the Lords Journals accordingly: And he read in his Place, what they found therein:

Also, that the Committee had inspected the Journals of this House; and that what they found therein, applicable to the present Occasion, was in the Journals of One thousand Six hundred Ninety-one, and One thousand Six hundred Ninety-seven: And he delivered the said Reports in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were tead, and are, as follow:

The Report of the Lords Journal.

Die Mercurii, u8 Novem. 1702. ORDERED, by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal in Parliament assembled, that the Commissioners for Accounts do lay before this House, in Writing, with all convenient Speed, their Proceedings upon the publick Accounts, in Pursuance of the Act of Parliament

Die Veneris, 15° Januarii, 1702.

THIS Day Mr. King, Secretary to the Commissioners, appointed by a late Act of Parliament, to take, examine, and state, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, delivered at the Bar an Account of the general State of the Receipts, and Issues of the publick Revenue, between The Feast of St. Michael, 1700, and The Feast of St. Michael, 1701; and also,

The Feast of St. Michael, 1701, and The Feast of St. Michael, 1702.

With their Observations thereupon.

Die Martis, 26 Januarii, 1702.

THE House being this Day moved, that a Day may be appointed, for taking into Consideration the Book of publick Accounts, now before this House; It is Ordered by the Lords Spiritual and Temjx>ral, in Parliament assembled, That the said Book of Accounts shall be taken into Consideration on Tuesday next, at Eleven a Clock.

Die Luna, 18 Februarii, 1702.

IT is Ordered by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, That the Commissioners of Accounts do lay before this House, Tomorrow, at Eleven a Clock, what further Observations they have made in relation to the Accounts, since the Delivery of the general State of Receipts, and Issues, of the publick Revenue, into this House.

Die Martis, 2 Februarii, 1702.

THE Order being read, for taking into Consideration the Book of Accounts;

It is thereupon Ordered by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled. That the Queen's Remembrancer do immediately bring, to this House, the imprest Rolls, transmitted to him since November, 1699.

Then the Title of the Book of Accounts was read, and the Commissioners Observation thereupon.

After which it was proposed to read the Observations upon the Accounts, Paragraph by Paragraph.

And the First Paragraph being read;

The Lord Halifax was heard thereto.

Then the House being informed, that Mr. Gregory King attended at the Door, from the Commissioners of Accounts, as ordered Yesterday;

lie was called in, and, at the Bar, delivered the Commissioners of Accounts further Observations.

Then the Observations, delivered this Day, were read. The Queen's Remembrancer attending, was called in, and delivered the imprest Rolls, transmitted to him since j bqp, as ordered.

The House being moved, to appoint a Committee, to consider of the Observation, from the Commissioners of Accounts;

Lords Committees were appointed, to consider of the Observations in the Book of Accounts delivered into this House the 15th Day of January last, and this Day; whose Lordships, having considered thereof, and heard such Per-Voi. 14v

sons, concerning the same, as they shall think fit, are afterwards to report their Opinion thereupon to this House. Dom. Godolphin, Thesaurar. Archiep. Cant.

Co. Pembroke, Prases, Archiep. Ebot.

March. Normanby, C. P. S.

Dux Devonshire Senescal. 8yc.

Co. Lindsey, Mag. Cdmerar.

Co. Carlisle, Marescal.

Co. Kent,

Co. Huntingdon,

Vic. Say 8$ Seal, 8$c.

Dom. Bergecenny,

Dom. Laxvarr,

Dom. Sommers,

Dom. Halifax:

Their Lordships, or any Five of them, are to meet Tomorrow, at Ten a Clock in the Forenoon, in the Prince's Lodgings, near the House of Peers; and to adjourn, as they please.

It is Ordered by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, That the Queen's Remembrancer do bring to the Lords Committees, appointed to consider of the Observations, delivered by the Commissioners of Accounts, Tomorrow, at Ten a Clock, the imprest Rolls, transmitted to him since the 20th of April, 1697.

It is Ordered by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, That the Commissioners for pub-' lick Accounts have Notice, that this House hath appointed a Committee, to consider of the Observations, delivered into this House by them, Tomorrow, at Ten a Clock in the Forenoon, in the Prince's Lodgings near the House of Peers.

Die Mercurii, 30 Februarii, 1702.

THIS Day Mr. Barker, Deputy to her Majesty's Remembrancer, brought the other imprest Rolls, as ordered Yesterday; which were delivered to the Committee.

The Duke of Somerset reported, that the Lords Committees, appointed to consider of the Observations from the Commissioners of Accounts, that they had taken the First Observation into Consideration, in relation to the Auditor of the Exchequer; and that the Commissioners of Accounts had Notice of the Committee's sitting, yet none of them attended; and therefore the Committee is of Opinion, that a Message be sent to the House of Commons, that they may have Leave to attend: To which the House agreed.

Then a Message was sent to the House of Commons, by Sir John Pranklyn, and Sir Richard to acquaint

them, that this House hath appointed a Committee, to consider of the Observations in the Book of Accounts, lajd before this House, by the Commissioners of Accounts, the 15th of January last, and also those, delivered Yesterday from the said Commissioners: That the Committee met Yesterday in the Morning, and had proceeded upon the first Observation, and the additional Observation, relating to the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer; and those Commissioners being Members of the House of Commons, the Lords do desire, that the House would give Leave, that those Commissioners, or some of them, should attend the said Committee, on Friday next, at Ten a Clock in the Forenoon.

Die Jocis, 4" Februarii, 1702.

THE Messengers, sent to the House of Commons Yesterday, return Answer, That the Commons will send an Answer by Messengers of their own.

Die Veneris, 5 Februarii, 1702.

HIS Grace the Duke of Somerset reported from the Lords Committees, appointed to consider of the Observations, delivered into this House from the Commissioners of Accounts, that the said Commissioners had not attended the Committeej but, upon Consideration of the whole Matter, the Committee had ordered him to report, as followeth:

The Committee appointed to consider of the Observations in the Book of Accounts, delivered into this House

the

Examidifig Members by Lords.

13° Februarii. . 1702.

Examining the 15th Day of January last, and the 2d of this Instant Lord February, have made some Progress in considering the said Observations, and do humbly take Leave to acquaint the House, that they have examined into the first of those Observations, and also the further Observation, delivered into this House the 2d Instant, relating to the transmit ting the ordinary imprest Rolls to the Queen's Remembrancer: They have inspected several of the original imprest Rolls, delivered into the House by Mr.

Deputy to her Majesty's Remembrancer; they also examined divers Officers of the Exchequer, and others, upon Oath, and do find, that, by the ancieut and uninterrupted Course of the Exchequer, two imprest Rolls are to be made out for each Year; the one comprehending all Sums imprest from the End of Trinity Term, to the End of Hilary Term, the other containing all such Sums from that time, to the End of Trinity Term; which Rolls are commonly called half-yearly Rolls, though improperly: They find, that, by the ancient Course of the Exchequer, these imprest Rolls, being made out by the Auditor of the Receipt, are to be delivered by him to the Clerk of the Pells, whose Duty it is to examine and sigu them; and this being done, the Clerk of the Pells delivers them to the Remembrancer.

This Usage was, by Degrees, discontinued in the Reign of King Charles the Second; and the Remembrancer, or his Agent, used to come to the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt, and take aw ay the imprest Rolls from thence immediately; but in the Time, w hen the Earl of llochester was Treasurer, the ancient Usage was restored; and he did order, that the imprest Rolls should be carefully examined and signed by the Clerk of the Pells, before they should be transmitted to the Remembrancer; and accordingly, since that Time, the anaent Custom has been observed, as well before, as since, the Act of Parliament, made in the Eighth and Ninth Year of his late Majesty, for the l>etter Observation of the Course, anciently used in the Receipt of the Exchequer; that is to say, the said half yearly Rolls, when made out, and signed by the Auditor, have been by him transmitted to the Clerk of the Pells; and when the Clerk of the Pells has examined and signed them, he, or his Deputy', has delivered them to the Remembrancer: And this appears by the Remembrancer's Endorsements upon the Rolls.

The Committee finds, that Charles Lord Halifax has been Auditor of the Receipt, from the End of November 1(199; since which Time Six imprest Rolls have been -transmitted to the Remembrancer; and there is a Seventh Roll now under Examination of the Office of Pells; and no other Roil can be prepared till after the Twelfth of this Instant February.

Upon the whole Matter, the Committee are humbly of Opinion, that Charles Lord Halif ax, Auditor of the Receipt of the Excliequer, hath performed the Duty of his Office, in transmitting the ordinary imprest Rolis to the Queen's Remembrancer, according to the ancient Custom of the Exchequer, and the Direction of the Act 8, and 9, GulitMi Tertii llcgis, intituled, An Act for the better

Observation of the Course, anciently used in the Receipt of the Exchequer; and that he hath not been guilty of any Neglect, or Preach of Trust, upon that Account.

Which Repoit being read, as also the Examinations taken upon Oath by the Committee; as also the Dates and Endorsements of the several imprest Rolls, delivered, by Mr. Barker, Deputy to the Queen's Remembrancer; it was proposed to agree with the Opinion of the Committee, in this Report.

Then the Question was put. Whether this House will agree to the Opinion of the Committee in this Report?

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

It is Resolved and Declared by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, That Charles Ix>rd Halifax, Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer, hath performed the Duty of his Office, in transmitting the ordinary imprest Rolls to the Queen's Remembrancer, according to the ancient Custom of the Excliequer, and the Directions of the Act 8 and 9 Tertii

Regis, intituled, An Act for the better Observation of the Course, anciently used in the'Receipt of the Exchequer; and that he hath not been guilty of any Neglect, 0 % Breach of Trust, upon that Account.

It is Ordered, by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled. That the Proceeding of the House, and of the Committee, appointed to consider of the Observations in the Book of Accounts, delivered into this House the 15th of January last, and the 2d Day of this-Instant February, and the Resolution of this House there-' upon, shall be forthwith printed and published.

It is Ordered by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled,-That it shall be, and is hereby, referred to the same Committee, w ho are appointed to consider of die Observations of the Commissioners of Accounts, to draw up, and give Directions, what shall be printed and published.

The Committee has also inspected the Journals of this House, and what they conceive to be most material, is in the Journal, beginning the 2 2d of October, 1691; and in the Journal, beginning the 3d of December, 1697; to which they humbly refer themselves, and desire, those Passages may be read: W hich were read accordingly, and are, as follow; viz.

Veneris, 29 die Januarii, 3‘Gulielmi et Mari®.

MIL Herbert reports, that the Members, appointed, had prepared Reasons, to be offered at a Conference with the Lords, touching the Amendments, made by their Lordships to the additional Bill, for die appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and state, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom; which Reasons they had directed him to report to the 1 louse: And which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Table; where the same were read, and agreed unto by the House, and are, as follow;

1. This Bill is for reviving the Act, passed in the last Session, in order to perfect the stating of the Accounts, in which the Commissioners, named by the Commons, have already mtide a considerable Progress.

2. In all Acts, that have ever passed, for taking Accounts of publick Money, the Commissioners have been always named by the Commons only: And, in particular, in an Act passed 19 Car. 2. intituled, An Act for taking the Accounts of the several Sums of Money, therein mentioned; which Act impowers the Commissioners, therein named, to take Account, not only of Money, granted by the Commons, but also other Sums of the publick Revenue: And although that Act requires an Account to be given to the King's Majesty, and to both Houses of Parliament; yet all the Commissioners, thereby constituted, were named solely by the Commons.

3. The Commons, by this Bill, appoint those, whom they name Commissioners, to do that out of Parliament, which, during the Session of Parliament, is the proper Work of the House of Commons; in whom, by the Law's and Customs of the Kingdom, the Power of granting Supplies to the Crown is vested, as an essential Part of their Constitution; and the taking and examining the Accounts thereof is of Right in them also; and they being the Representatives of all the Commons, no Commoner can be named, but by them.

4. The Disposition, as well as granting Money, by Act of Parliament, hath ever been in the House of Commons; and these Amendments, relating to the Disposal of Money to the Commissioners, added by the Lords, do intrench upon that Right: And therefore the Commons, for these Reasons, do disagree with their Lordships in all their Lordships Amendments to the said Bill.

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Subject-matter of the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Herbert do, upon Monday Morning next, go to the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

Luna, i die Februarii, 3 Gulielmi et Marias,

MR. Herbert reports, that he having (according to t eir Order of Friday last) been with the Lords, to desire

a Conference

v

X ANtf. 130 Februarii.

Conference, upon the Amendments made by their Lordships to the Bill, intituled, An additional Act, for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and state, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, the Lords do agree to a Conference presently, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Members, who prepared the Reasons, to be offered at the said Conference, do manage the said Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference accordingly:

And being returned;

Mr. Herbert reported, that they had attended the Conference, and given the Reasons, why this House doth not agree with the Lords in the said Amendments.

Veneris, 5 die Februarii, 30 Gulielmi et Mari®.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke, and Sir James Astry:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do desire a Conference with this House, this Morning, at Eleven a Clock, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That the House doth agree to a Conference with the Lords, as they desire.

And the Messengers were called in again, and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Ordered, That the Members who managed the last Conference, do manage this Conference.

Then the Managers appointed, w®nt to the Conference:

And being returned;

Sir Joseph Tredenham reports, that they had attended the Said Conference; and that the Lord Rochester managed the Conference, on the Part of the Lords, and acquainted them, that the Lords had desired this Conference, for the Continuance of the good Correspondence between the Two Houses; and that the Lords werfe not satisfied with the Reasons, given by this House, touching the Amendments to the Bill, intituled, An additional Act, for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and state, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom; and that they do insist on all their Amendments to the Bill; and that, in Answer to the Reasons, given by this House, against the said Amendments, the Lords gave the Reasons following; viz.

To the First and Second Reasons, offered by the Commons, the Lords answer, that the Commissioners, named by the Commons, having already made some Progress in the stating the Accounts, the naming of some new ones can be of no Prejudice to the perfecting that Work, the Nature of taking and stating Accounts being such, that new Men, being joined with others, may be vety capable of going on with the Remainder of that Work.

The Lords do agree, that in the Act, passed in the 19th of King Charles the 2d, for taking Accounts, the Commissioners, thereby constituted, were named by the Commons, and the Lords did agree to it, both because they approved of the Number, and Quality, of the Persons, and because, they being not Members of the House of Commons, they might always be sent for, at the Pleasure of the Lords, to explain dny Matters relating to those Accounts; but the Lords having now had Experience by the last Act, which constituted no Commissioners, but only such, as were of the- House of Commons, that their Lordships cannot have those Commissioners at any time before them, to answer such Questions, or explain such Doubts, as their Lordships tnay have Occasion to enquire into; or even to intimate such Point9, as seem to have been omitted, either in the Accounts, or the Observation, made thereupon, is one very great Reason, why the Lords have found it necessary to mime such ih this Bill, as their Lordships may, from time td time, receive Informations from; without which, their Lordships examining into the Accounts, Will prove defective, and dilatory.

To die Third and Fourth Reasons their Lordships reply, that they are unwilling to enter into any Dispute with the Commons, what is the propet Work of either House,

Vol. 14.

in relation to the granting Supplies to the Crown, Examining

or taking or examining the Accounts thereof, because Members by

they would avoid any Controversies, of that kind, with Loids-

the House of Commons, especially at this time, having,

by Experience, found, that such Debates have frequently

been attended with ill Consequences to the Publick; but,

upon tills Occasion, their Lordships conceive, 'tis very

plain, that, since this Bill provides, that the Accounts

shall be laid before the Lords, it must be likewise owned,

that it is the proper Work of this House to examine them.

And by no means can their Lordships acquiesce in the Reason, given by the House of Commons, that they being the Representatives of all the Commons, no Commoner can be named, but by them; because that would, by the same Parity of Reason, deprive their Lordships of the Power of assigning Counsel to any Man, impeached by the House of Commons, which, in case of Misdemeanour, they have always done; and by the late Bill, for regulating Trials in Cases of Treason, it was agreed by both Houses, that Counsel should be allowed in Cases of Treason, even upon Impeachments; which Counsel must have been assigned by the Lords, and out of the Commoners.

Lastly, the House of Lords cannot allow the Disposition, as well as Granting, of Money, by Act of Parliament, to have been solely in the House of Commons; and much less can their Lordships consent, that the Lords have not always had a Right of naming any Persons, to be employed in the publick Service by Act of Parliament, and assigning them such Salaries for their Pains, out of the Exchequer, as should be agreed on in that Act of Parliament.

And, for these Reasons, their Lordships do insist on all their Amendments to the said Bill.

And, after Consideration had of the said Report, it M'as Resolved, That this House doth insist upon their Disagreement with the Lords in the Amendments to the said Bill.

Resolved, That a free Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference.

Ordered, That the Members, who managed the last Conference, do meet tins Afternoon, at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber, and prepare for the said Conference.

Sabbati, 6° die Februarii, 3 Gulielmi et Mari®.

ORDERED, That Sir Joseph Tredenham do go to the Lords, and desire a free Conference with the Lords, upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference.

Sir Joseph Tredenham reported, that he having (according to Order) been to desire a free Conference with the Lords, upon the Subject-matter of the last [<z] Conference, the Lords do agree to a free Conference accordingly, and appoint the same upon Monday Morning next, at Twelve a Clock, in the Painted Chamber.

Luna, 8° die Februarii, 30 Gulielmi et Mari®.

THE Managers, appointed, went to the free Conference, desired on Saturday last, with the Lords, upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference:

And being returned;

Sir Joseph Tredenham reports, that they had attended the said free Conference, according to the Order of the House, and acquainted the Lords, that this House had insisted on their disagreeing with their Lordships in the Amendments to the Bill, for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine; take, and state, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom.

Mcrcurii, 10 die Februarii, 30 Gulielmi et Mari®.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Frattcklyn, and Sir Robert Legat'd:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do desire a free Conference with this House, at One a Clock, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject-matter of the last free Conference.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

[a] The Word " free" is in this Dace inserted in the Journal by Mistake, the Conference, here mentioned, not having been a free Conference, and in the Journal of the 6th of February, 3 IV. M. (from whence this Entry is transcribed) being stiled only " the last Con-, ference."

3 D Resolved,

Examining Members by Lords.

198

Resolved, That this House doth agree to a free Conference with the Lords, as they desire.

And the Messengers were called in again, and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Sir Eduard Seymour reports, that the Managers had attended the free Conference; and that the Lord Rochester managed the same, on the Part of the Lords, and brought the Bill, and read the Title of it, for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and state, the publick Accounts- of the Kingdom; and acquainted them, that the Reasons, given at the last Conference, had been reported to the Lords, and that they bad had due Consideration of them; but that, notwithstanding, they did not depart from their Amendments to the Bill, but did adhere to their Amendments; and delivered the Bill, and Amendments back again.: And the same were brought up to the Table.

Ordered, That a Report of the Two last'free Conferences be made to the House upon Saturday Morning next.

Sahbati, 130 die Februarii, 3 Gulielmi ct Marise.

SIR Joseph Trcdenham (according to the Order of the

Day) reports the Two last free Conferences with the Lords, as followeth:

That the Conference was begun by the Managers for the Commons; who acquainted their Lordships, that the Commons had desired this free Conference, to preserve that good Correspondence, which had hitherto continued between the Two Houses.

That they had solemnly and deliberately considered their Lordships Amendments to a Bill, from the Commons (intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners, to examine and state the publick Accounts of the Kingdom) and the Reasons, which induced their Lordships to insist on those Amendments, but had not found them sufficient to convince them; and they still disagree with the Lords in those Amendments, and insisted on that Disagreement.

That the particular Knowledge the Commons had of the Commissioners, named in the Bill, recommended them to the Nomination; and the Progress, those Commissioners have already made in stating those Accounts, hath justified the Commons good Opinion of their Abilities and Integrity.

That to add new Commissioners, must of Necessity delay the perfecting this Work, and would hazard the rendering the Bill (which continues only for a Year) ineffectual; for the Commissioners, proposed in their Lordships Amendments, will find themselves, by their Oath, and to answer their Lordships Expectations, obliged to inform themselves, as well of what hath already undergone the Scrutiny of the present Commissioners, as in those Particulars, which shall hereafter become the Subject of their Euquiry; and that such Retrospect canuot be consistent with the Dispatch the Bill requires.

That, in Answer to their Lordships Argument, derived from the Quality of the Commissioners, named in the Bill, it was demanded, whether their Lordships could have any Assurance, that the Commissioners, they proposed, will not be elected in the Vacancy of this, nor in any succeeding Parliament, wherein these Accounts may be required? Should that happen, their Lordships Amendments would not be useful to attain to the End intended.

That the Commons could not determine, how far the Quality of the Commissioners, named in the Act of Accounts made in 19® Car. II. prevailed with their Lordships in agreeing the reto: There was, indeed, no Member of the Commons of that Committee, which met at Brook-house, with great Reputation; but how little they effected, how soon they were dissolved, and how the Fruits of their Labours became abortive, is fresh in Memory.

That, from thenceforth, the Commons, with better Success, reposed T rusts, of this N atui e, in their own Members: Of such were the Committee for disbanding the Army, constituted 31 Car. II. Such are the Commissioners in the Act, whereunto this Bill relates. It might, with as

' 17024

good Logick, be argued, that their Lordships agreed to those last-recited Acts, because the Commissioners, therein named, were then Members of the House of Commons, as, that their Lordships were induced to an Agreement with the Commons in the Nomination of the Commissioners of Brook-house, because they were not of the House of Commons. But, upon this Variety in the Precedents, it may be more reasonably inferred, that their Lordships have from time to time agreed to the Commissioners, named by the Commons, without respect to their Quality, and because the Right of such Nomination is in the Commons only.

That the Measures, by which both Houses are to

Sivern themselves, are derived either from Precedent, or eason: Their Lordships had not offered any Precedent in Justification of insisting on those Amendments. If there be any Force in the Argument, their Lordships derive from the Clause in this Bill, which provides, that the Accounts shall be laid before the King, and both Houses of Parliament, it extends as well to vest a Right in their Majesties to nominate such Commissioners, as in their Lordships; for it equally relates to both.

That the Title and Design of the Bill is, to appoint Commissioners, to examine, take, and state, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom; which, during the Session of Parliament, is the proper Work of the House of Commons; and no Inference can be more natural, than that it is in the Commons only to name Commissioners for the Exercise of that Authority, which is an essential Part of their Constitution.

That they desired to know the End, their Lordships would propose to themselves by such Enquiry. Should any Misapplication of Money, or Default of Distribution, appear in these Accounts, their Lordships cannot take Cognizance thereof originally, nor otherwise, even in their judicial Capacity, than at the Complaint of the Commons: Should a Failure or Want of Money appear, it is not in the Lords to redress it; for the Grant of all Aida is in the Commons only.

That such Enquiry can only be of Use to the Commons, to direct their future Supplies; and herein the last Commission proved useful this Session, the Commons supplying the Defects of die Fund upon the Expences in the Excise. If there be a Redundancy, the Commons only can apply it to the Charge of the ensuing Year; if there be discovered Misapplications, or undue Preferences, the Commons only can frame the Accusations, and lay them before their Lordships, for Judgment

That the Managers added, that, though this Bill be thought so useful at this Time, as cannot be sufficiently expressed, yet nothing can be of greater Importance to the Publick, than the maintaining the just and distinct Rights and Privileges, which each Estate of this Kingdom enjoys, according to our Constitution: The Lords have many high Privileges, to recommend their Lordships to the Favour of their Prince, and to support their Figure in the Government; but the Commons have little, besides this One, of giving Money, and granting Aids: This is their undoubted and inherent Right; and therefore every thing, that intrenches on that, the Commons may be allowed to be extremely jealous of.

That the Liberty of naming Commissioners, to take Account of the publick Money, is a necessary Dependance of this Right, is evident, if their Lordships will consider that, when any Aids are given, the Commons only do judge of the Necessities of the Crown, which cannot otherwise be made manifest to them, than by enquiring, how the Money, which hath been granted, and Revenue of the Crown, expended and applied. If the several Branches of the publick Revenue are rightly considered, it will be found, there is some particular Use, to which they are originally assigned. There are some necessary Charges incumbent on the King, in the Administration of the Government, which these Supplies are to defray; there is no Fund set aside for Contingencies, no Provision made for casual and incident Charges; but all extraordinary Expences require an extraordinary Supply; and when the

Commons

13° Febru.

I Ann. . 130 Februarii. 199

Commons do think fit to erect such a Commission, the Expence, made in the Execution of it, must, soon or late, be drawn from the Purse of the People; and, since the Burden must inevitably light upon their Shoulders, they only can be Judges of the Weight, which is fit to be imposed, and to assign the Quantum of the Charge, which, in this Case, is proportionable to the Numbers of the Commissioners: So that this doth not only relate to this undoubted Right of the Commons, but doth finally end in raising of Money itself; which being a Privilege, derived to them from their Ancestors, and continued by the uninterrupted Practice of all Ages, 'tis a Right, the Commons can never depart from, but must for ever assert, support, and maintain.

For that, although the Lords, in the Preamble of the Third Reason, seem to wave the Dispute; yet having in their last Reason disallowed the Right of the Commons, in granting, limiting, and disposing, publick Aids, the Commons think it of highest Concern, that this Affair, being the main Hinge of the Controversy, should be cleared and settled.

That the ancient Manner of giving Aids was by Indenture, to which, Conditions were sometimes annexed; the Lords only gave their Consent, without making any Alteration . And this was the continued Practice, until the latter End of Henry the Fifth, and, in some Instances, until Henry the Seventh.

That in the famous Record, called, " The Indemnity of the Lords and Commons," settled by the King, Lords, and Commons, on a most solemn Debate, in 9® Hen. IV. it is declared, That all Grants and Aids are made by the Commons, and only assented to by the Lords.

That the modern Practice is, to omit the Lords out of the granting, and name them Parties only to the enacting, Clause of Aids, granted to the Crown; to which their Lordships have always concurred, and, on Conferences, departed from their Attempts of petty Alterations in Acts relating the reunto.

That, if then all Aids be by the Grant of the Commons, it follows, that the Limitation, Disposition, and Manner, of Account, must likewise belong only to them.

And that, although the Account, then stated, was ordered, by 19 Car. If. and the Act, to which this Bill relates, to be brought before their Majesties, and both Houses of Parliament, this was a voluntary Act, and no Concession of the Commons; for when their Lordships insisted upon it, as of Right, in 31 Car. II. it was denied; and their Lordships, after several Conferences thereupon, withdrew their Amendments to that Bill.

That the Lords, who appeared as Managers, and spoke at this Conference, were the Earl of Devonshire, the Earl of Nottingham, and the Earl of Rochester.

That the Substance of what was delivered by the Lords, was to this Effect; That their Lordships are willing at all Times to meet with the Commons at Conferences, and free Conferences, with an equal Desire to continue a good Correspondence between both Houses; and have often condescended in some Things, rather than to go on with further Debates; for tho' Conferences are the best way of reconciling any Differences between the two Houses, yet they are Marks to the World, that there is such a Difference; and the Lords, even in this Case, would have condescended to depart from their Amendments, if they had not judged them to be of such Consequence, that they could not do it.

That they took Notice, that it had been said, that Debates of this Kind ought to be governed either upon Reason, or Precedent; and they would endeavour to proceed upon both.

That in the Act, 31 Car. II. for disbanding the Army, there was no Direction to give an Account to either House; and in the Act in the Year 1677, for the building of Ships, there was no Account to be given to the House of Lords: So that these Precedents, which the Gentlemen of the House of Commons insist upon, are not very applicable in the Matter of Debate; for in the last Act, and the Bill now depending, there is a Clause, that an Account shall be given to both Houses,

Vqi.. 14.

That the Lords had experienced by the last Act, that the Enquiry, their Lordships are directed to take by this Act, are defective and dilatory, for want of Commissioners, that can attend them, and are able to explain such Things, as they may have Occasion to enquire into; and it cannot be imagined, that ever they can have that Satisfaction by writing to them, which they may arrive at by personal Examination.

That it is very true, that in the Act of 19 Car. II. for taking the publick Accounts, there were no Commissioners named by the Lords; but 'tis as true, those Commissioners were not Members of the House of Commons; and they had no Reason to disagree in that Matter, because this Objection did not lie against them.

That their Lordships declined all Arguments, concerning the Rights of the Commons, in granting, limiting, and disposing publick Aids; and therefore forbore to answer any Arguments of that kind; for that the Business, now depending, relates only to the taking Accounts, and directing such Part of the Revenue, as is not appropriated, to the Payment of Salaries to such Persons, as are employed therein; which their Lordships take to be quite another thing.

That the Commons urge it with great Weight, if their Lordships could shew no Precedent for doing this; but, if there be any such Precedent, their Lojrdships did hope, the Commons would allow them for Reasons; for it is not to be supposed, these Precedents were made without Reason.

That the Commons insist, they are the Representative of all the Commons of England; and that the Lords can name no Commoner a Commissioner, nor appoint Money to such Persons for these Services: It appears by the Journals of the Lords, and, 'tis to be supposed, in those of the Commons likewise, that, in the Poll Bill, August, 1660, the Lords named Commissioners for the Cinque Ports, and expunged some in Kent and Sussex; to all which the Commons agreed; In an Act, 31 Car. II. for disbanding the Forces, the Lords added Rennet Lord Sherrard; and the Commons agreed to it.

That in an Act made 12 Car. II. for speedy disbanding the Army, the Lords named Commissioners, that. were Peers, who were to be joined with Commissioners named by the Commons; and afterwards, in an additional Act, for disbanding the Remainder of the Army, John IVal/cer was added a Commissioner by the House of Lords, and his Salary was 205. per Diem; which last Precedent comes directly up to be a Precedent in Point; only in the Amendments now offered, there are Four, who are to have Five hundred Pounds per Annum each, and he was one, who had 365 /. per Annum.

That it was insinuated by some of the Gentlemen of the House of Commons, that the End their Lordships could propose to themselves by such an Enquiry, must be, either to discover, what Offences have been committed in the Misapplication, or, whether there be a Failure of the Money for the Ends, for which it was intended; and that to neither of these their Lordships Enquiry can be of Use, for, as to the Punishment, it must be by Impeachment; and if there be any want of Money, the Lords cannot come at it. This their Lordships look on as an Objection to the Clause itself, but not to their naming Commissioners, to satisfy their Lordships in relation to the Accounts.

That there are other Uses, may be made of these Accounts: The Lords may have Leisure to enquire into these Accounts, whilst the Commons are employed on other weighty Occasions; and the Lords may take Notice (for there is an Account of it in the printed Votes, licensed by the Speaker) that the Commons have not made so great a Progress in those Accounts, as their Lordships have done; and should the Lords discover Miscarriages, they may order a Prosecution of them in the Exchequer, lay them before the House of Commons, or represent the Matter to the King.

That there are some Precedents in Richard 2d's Time; and it seems to be implied in the Precedents quoted in the Year 1677, about the Act, for building Thirty

Ships,

Examining Members by Lords.

Examining Members by Lords.

06 130 Februarii. A. 1702.

Ships, that the House of Commons have not, of themselves, a Right to take these Accounts; for the Dispute then was not about the Commissioners, but the laying the Accounts before the Commons alone: For had they Power to call for them theirsolves, an Act would not have been necessary; and the Precedent of the Lords receding, at that Time, ought not to be reckoned to their Disadvantage; because, from their suspending their Privileges at that Time (which they did with a Protestation) and from the Thirty'Ships, that w ere built thereupon, it is, that we sit here in Safety.

In that Dispute it was acknowledged, that it was the inherent Right of the Lords to call for the Accounts; so that 'tis no extraordinary Thing, that the Commons have now done; for this Bill gives the Lords and Commons an equal Right to call for the Accounts: And since the Commons cannot call for these Accounts, so well, as by this Bill, wherein they have named Persons under their own Jurisdiction, as Members of your House, it is but reasonable, they likewise should name such Commissioners, as they may have Authority to call upon; for the Commons will hardly allow them Authority to send for the Members of the House of Commons.

On the Whole, since the Bill hadallowed their Lordships to take the Accounts, their Lordships desire to know, what Reason there could be, why they should not be allowed the proper Methods of coming at these Accounts.

That the Managers for the Commoners, by way of Reply, said, that the Precedents in 1660, 31 II. and additional Bill in 12 Car. II. were no Grounds for their Lordships insisting to add and appoint Commoners; because, in those, the Lords had the Consent of the Commoners signified to their Lordships by their Representatives in Parliament; but the Lords have no Right to impose an Office, or Burden, upon any Commoner, without their own Consent; and, in the Course of the Legislature, the Lords have no means to know, neither hath a Commoner any w'ay to signify, his Consent, or Dissent, but by his Representatives in Parliament. To insist to appoint Commoners, after their Dissent is signified in the proper Parliamentary Way, is to insist upon a Right of appointing Commoners, and imposing a Burden upon them, without their Consents; which their Lordships never pretended to, no more than the Commons to nominate and appoint Peers in any Commissions.

That in the Aid, given in the Second Year of their Majesties Reign, the Lord Dursley was inserted a Commissioner; in case the Lords had not signified his Dissent, he had been a Commissioner; and yet that would not have been a Precedent of the Commons Right of appointing a Peer to be a Commissioner, and insisting upon it; but the Lords, by Amendment, left him out, and the Commons agreed to the Amendment, though in a Money Bill, conceiving, they had no Right to insist upon naming a Peer, without the Consent of the Peers, who only can bind their own Members; neither can the Peers pretend to a larger Right over the Commons.

That their Lordships, in their Reasons, say, that, if they may not nominate Commoners Commissioners, by Parity of Reason they may be deprived of assigning Counsel, upon Impeachments for Misdemeanor, and in Cases of High Treason, where Matter of Law appears.

That the Commons conceive, this is not a natural Consequence; for, in Cases of Impeachment, they act in their judicial Capacity; and the Law gives the Party accused a Right to have Counsel; and their Lordships assign Counsel, when the Party cannot get Counsel, to assist him; and the Law enables their Lordships to do it; but there is no Law, which entitles them to nominate Commissioners, for passing Accounts.

That their Lordships alleged, that, in the Bill for regulating the Trial of Treason, both Houses agreed, that their Lordships might assign Counsel, in Cases of Impeachment for High Treason.

That the Bill not passing, that cannot be urged as a Precedent

That, as the Lords cannot supply the Want, that being

the Act of the Commons, nor punish the Misapplication till Complaint is made by the Commons; so neither can their Lordships acquaint the Commons, at a Conference, that there hath been a Misapplication of the Money; because that were giving Judgment, before the Matter came [a] judicially before then).

That the Lords cannot punish a Commoner, except for Breach of their Privilege, without an Information made by the Commons.

That, since no Fruit can be had by their Lordships Enquiry, why should they nominate Commissioners, not being their Representatives

And that to insist upon it at this Time, is most unseasonable, when the Commons, for the Support of the Go vemment, lay under the heavy Burden of so many Taxes; which Weight will be much increased, by being denied the Satisfaction of knowing, how their Money is disposed of, and having those screened from Justice, who misap plied the same; which must necessarily happen, by deny ing to agree with the Commons.

That, in Answer to what was said by their Lordships, that, in Case of the building the Thirty Ships, it was admitted, their Lordships had a Right to take the Accounts, it was admitted, with this Distinction, that, as to the stating and examining the Accounts, it belonged only to the Commons, but, that the Lords claimed the Cogtti -zance of the Accounts in their judicial Capacity, for their Information in Cases of Misdemeanor.

That, as to the Question, which their Lordships ask. To what End are these Accounts to be laid before them? to which there seems some Difficulty to make an Answer; the Commons cannot but observe from thence, their Lordships Right to demand to have those Accounts is not very clear; for 'tis a strange kind of Right, for which 'tis hard to give a Reason.

Upon Consideration whereof, it was Resolved, That this House doth adhere to their disagreeing with the Lords to the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An additional Act, for appointing and enabling Commissioners, to examine, take, and state, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom; and that this House doth adhere to the Bill, as it was sent up from this House.

Luna, 210 die Martii, to Gulielmi Tertii.

A Message from the Lords, by the Lord Chief Baron Ward and Mr. Justice Nevil I:

Mr. Speaker,

We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this House, That, whereas a scandalous Paper, reflecting on the Lord Chancellor, and his Proceedings in the Court of Chancery, hath been complained of and read in the House of Lords, of which their Lordships are informed, upon Oath, that Mr. Robert Bertie, a Member of this House, can give some Account; their Lordships do desire, that, for that Purpose, this House will give Leave for him to appear before the Lords.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will send an Answer by Messengers of their own.

And then the Messengers were called in again, and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Martis, 220 die Martii, 10° Gulielmi Tertii.

THE House proceeded to take into Consideration the Message from the Lords, Yesterday, touching Mr. Robert Bertie.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to draw up, upon the Debate of the House, an Answer to be given to the said Message; and that they do immediately withdraw into the Speaker's Chamber, and draw up the same.

And a Committee was appointed accordingly.

Mercurii, 23 die Martii, 10 Gulielmi Tertii.

THE Lord Spencer reported from the Committee, appointed to draw up an Answer, upon the Debate of the House, to be given to the Message from the Lords

upon

[a] " can," Journal.

Irish

Forfeitures.

Frauds in Stamp Duties.

Army

Debt.

i Ann i 3150 Februarii. 401

upon Mondity la&, inching Mr. Bcrtk; that they

had drawn up the same accordingly, 'which they had directed him <0 report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and Is, as followeth:

The Commons having received a Message from your Lordships, Wherein your Lordships did acquaint them, that k scandalous Paper, reflecting on the Lord Chancellor, add Ids Proceedings in the Court of Chancery, has been complained of, and read, in the House of Lords, of which your Lordships are informed upon Oath, that Mr. Robert Bertie, a Mem ber of the House of Commons, can give some Account, your Lordships do desire, that, foi-that Purpose, the Commons would give Leave for him to appear before your Lordships;

The Commons have commanded Us to acquaint your Lordships, that they not being informed, by the said Message of the particular Matters contained in the said Paper, or upon what Grounds your Lordships ask to have their Member appear before yon, they desite your Lordships to let them know-, what the Nature of that Account is, whidi is expected from their Member.

The Answer, being read a Second time, was agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the said Answer be delivered to the Lords at a Conference.

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Subject-matter of the Message from their Lordships, upon Monday last, touching Mr. Robert Bertie.

Ordered, That the Lord Spencer do go to the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

The Lord Spencer reported, that, he having (according to Order) been to desire a Conference with the Lords, upon the Subject-matter of their Message upon Monday last, touching Mr. Robert Bertie, the Lords answered, that they will return an Answer by Messengers of their own.

Jovis, 24 Die Martii, 10 Guliemi

A Message from the Lords by Sir Miles Cook, and Mr. Meredith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do agree to the Conference, desired by this Mouse, Upon the Subject-matter of the Message from their Lordships to this House, in relation to Mr. Robert iiertie; and do appoint it presently in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee, who drew the Answer, touching Mr. Bertie, do manage the Conference.

And they w ent to the Conference: And being returned;

The Lord Spencer reported, that they had given to the Lords the Answer, directed by this House.

Ordered, That the said Committee do draw up what is proper to be offered to the Lords at a Conference, upon the Su'bjectmaatter of the Message from the Lords the 4th instant, relating to the Commissioners of Accounts, and the Lords Proceedings in relation to the Observations of the said Commissioners.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole [House] to whom the Bill, for advancing the Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, and for securing such, as shall remain unsold or undisposed by the present Trustees, for the Purposes intended by the late Acts concerning the same, was committed, be made upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, up Morn

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of tire whole House, upon the Bill, for preventing Frauds in her Majesty's Duties upon stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and for remedying some Defects in the Acts, relating to the said Duties.

pointing Commissioners, to take, examine, and determine, the Debt, due to the Army, Navy, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes, taken during the late War.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for raising the Militia of this Kingdom for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Three, notwithstanding the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, be read the Third timC upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Niue a Clock.

Luna, 15 die Amo primo Anme Regina.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lofds, intituled, An Act to enable the Executrix of James Hoare, Esquire, deceased, to pay a Sum of Money, in Discharge of a Trust in her reposed by his Will, was read the Third time. Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Coward do carry the Bill to the I/>rds, and acquaint them that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, Intituled, An Act for setting aside a Settlement, in order that William Sutler may have a good Conveyance of Lands from Raphael Whistler, according to Articles agreed on, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais.

Ordered, That Mr. Gape do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the

Amendment made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled,

An Act to enable Sir Edward Williams to sell certain

Manors and Lands in the Counties of Brecon and Radnor,

for Payment of Debts.

And the same was read, and is, as followeth; viz. * *

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for reviving and continuing the Act for appointing Commissioners, to take, examine, and determine the Debt due to the Army, Navy, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes, taking during the lath War.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had made some Progress in the BH1, and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House, will, To-morrdw Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, t6 consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the adjourned Debate upon the Bill, for prolonging the Time for exporting foreign Goods, be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to w hom the Bill for advancing the Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, and for securing such, as shall remain unsold or undisposed by the present Trustees, for the Purposes intended by the late Acts concerning the same, was committed, be made Tomorrow' Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning . Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn-next, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole Housed ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole uoon the Bill, for reviving and continuing the Act for ap- House, upon the Bill for preventing Frauds in her ‘Von 4. 3£ Majesty's

Raising the Militia.

ffoare's

Estate.

Butler's

Estate.

Williams'

Estate.

Army

Debt.

Exporting

foreign

Goods.

Irish

Forfeitures

Frauds in

Stamp

Duties.

Raising the Militia.

Raising the Militia.

V c seyrs LsUle

Wayfoort s Lc. Nat.

Supple's

Estate.

102

150 — 16° Februdrii, 1702.

Majesty's Duties upon stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and for remedying some Defects in the Acts relating to the said Duties.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, for raising the Militia of this Kingdom, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Three, notwithstanding the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, be read the Third lime Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mortis, 16 die Februarii;

Anno primo Annas Regina.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, for raising the Militia of this Kingdom, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Three, notwithstanding the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, was read the third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, relating to the Muster-masters.

And the same was twice read.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read the Third time;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas, 50.

rr 1, c XT f Mr. Trcdcnham, Tel ers for the N oes, I., ' £Mr. Hayes 7 5 85.

So it passed in the Negative,

Anotiicr ingrossed Clause was offered, as . Rider,

that the Lieutenants for any County, or their Deputies, shall not issue out Warrants for the raising any Trophy-money, till the Justices of the Peace, at their General Quarter Sessions, shall have examined and allowed the Accounts of the said Money, raised for the Year preceding, and certified such Examination under their Hands and Seals.

And the same was twice read, with a Blank; and the Blank was filled up; and then the Clause was read Third time, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then an Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Press 3. L. 3. to leave out " an," and insert "the said."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for raising the Militia of this Kingdom, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Three, notwithstanding the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid.

Ordered, That Mr. Pagitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Message/rom the Lords, by Sir John Hoskins, and

Sir Robert Legard:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of divers Lands in the County of Kildare, and Kingdom of Ireland, being the Estate of Ag Vesey, Esquire, und his Two Daughters, Ann Vesey, and Henrietta Vesey, for the paying of Debts, and clearing Incumbrances, charged thereon, and also for impowering the said mmdisham Vesey to make Leases, for any Term, not exceeding One-and-Twenty Years:

Also, the Tx>rds have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Nicholas JVayfoort, and Jacob Sanderfelt:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Devisees of James Supple, and all claiming under them, to make Lenses, for Improvement of the Estate devised, without any Amendments:

Also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act, War in for the better carrying on the present War, by Sea and West Indie -Land, in the West Indies-, to which they desire the Concurrence of this House-

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Colonel Granville reported from the Committee, to Examining whom it wus referred, to draw up what is proper to be Members by offered to the Lords, at a Conference, upon the Subject- Lords‘ matter of the Message from the Lords the 4th Instant, relating to the Commissioners of Accounts, and the Lords Proceedings in relation to the Observations of the said Commissioners; that the Committee had drawn up the same accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, and is, as followeth; viz.

THE Commons cannot comply with your Lordships Desires, contained in your Message of the 4th instant;

Because the Commons are still of the same Opinion as was delivered to your Lordships in February, 1691, at a free Conference upon the Subject-matter of the Amendments, made by the Lords to the additional Bill, for the appointing and enabling Commissioners, to examine, take, and state, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, when they desired to know the End, your Lordships would propose to yourselves by an Enquiry into the publick Accounts; for, should any Misapplication of Money, or Default of Distribution, appear in the Accounts, your Lordships cannot take Cognizance thereof originally, nor otherw ise, even in your judicial Capacity, than at the Complaint of the Commons; and, should a Failure or Want of Money appear, it is not in your Lordships Power to redress it; for the Grant of all Aids is in the Commons only; or, if there be any Surplusage, the Commons only can apply it to the Charge of the ensuing Year.

But should the Commons give Leave to the Commissioners to attend your Lordships, no Information they can give, against any Person whatsoever, can entitle your Lordships either to acquit, or condemn; yet, since this Message, the Commons find in your Lordships Journals, the following Resolution; viz. That it is resolved and declared by the I-ords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, that Charles Lord Halifax, Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer, hath performed the Duty of his Office in transmitting the ordinary imprest Rolls to the Queen's Remembrancer, according to the ancient Custom of the Exchequer, and the Direction of the Act 8th and 9th Gidiel.tertii Regis (intituled, An Act for the better

Observation of the Course, anciently used in the Receipt of the Exchequer) and that he hath not been guilty of any Neglect, or Breach of Trust, upon that Account:

Which looks to the Commons, as if your Lordships pretended to give a Judgment of Acquittal, without any Accusation brought before your Lordships, and consequently without any Tryal; and that (which makes your Lordships Proceedings yet more irregular) it tends to prejudging a Cause, which might regularly have come before you, either originally by Impeachment, or by Writ of Error from the Courts below: And therefore the Commons can see no Use of this Resolution, unless it be either to intimidate the Judges, or prepossess a Jury.

But if your Lordships could have judged in this Matter, it does not appear by your Lordships Journals that you have had under. Examination the respective Times of transmitting the several imprest Rolls to the Queen's Remembrancer, without which it is impossible to know, whether the Auditor of the Receipt had done his Duty, according to the Act of Parliament.

Ordered, That a Conference he desired with the Lords, interference upon the Subject-matter <j>f the Message from the Lords in Public Ac-the 4th Instant, relating to the Commissioners, for taking, counu' examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of the

Kingdom,

Publick

Accounts

War in West Indies.

Army Debt

Ditto

Answer to Message

desiring Conference with the Lords.

Army Debt.

i Ann.

Kingdom, and the Lords Proceeding in relation to the Observations of the said Commissioners.

Ordered, That Mr. Boyle do go to the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

The House proceeded to take into 'Consideration the Amendment, jnade by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom.

And the same, being read, is, as followeth; viz.

At the End of the Bill add the Clause marked A.

Clause A. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person, appointed a Commissioner by this Act, shall accept of, or hold, any Employment of Profit from or under her Majesty, during the Continuance of this Act.

The said Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Hamond do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better carrying on the present War, by Sea and Land, in the West Indies, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill, for reviving and continuing the Act, for appointing Commissioners, to take, examine, and determine, the Debt, due to the Army, Navy, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes, taken during the late War;

A Petition of Captain Thomas Hart, on behalf of himself, and the Captains, and Widows of the Captains, of the Royal Regiment of Fuzileers, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Captains, in 1689, sent 155 Men to Flanders, for which they were promised 3 /. per Man: That they were respited for November, December, January, and Part of February; and the Petitioners paid towards clothing of the Regiment, as if they had received Pay for their full Companies; insomuch that, unless relieved, they w ill lose 175 /. 8 3 d.

besides the Charge of raising, and sending the Recruits to Flanders: That the Petitioners have applied to the Treasury, but without Relief; and the last Year addressed to the Commissioners of Accounts, but they had not Power to determine their Accounts: And praying, in the Bill, depending in the House, for appointing Commissioners, to take, state, and examine, the Accounts of the Army, Sic. there may be a Clause, to impower the said Commissioners to state and adjust the Petitioners Debt.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee;

It passed in the Negative.

Mr. Boyle reported, that liQ‘fiaving(according to Order) been at the Lords, to desire a Conference with their Lordships, they do say, that they will return an Answer by Messengers of their own.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for reviving and continuing the Act, for appointing Commissioners, to take, examine, and determine, the Debts, due to the Army, Navy, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes taken during the late War.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. v

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Vol. 14

203

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the adjourned Debate upon the Bill, Exporting for prolonging the Time for exporting foreign Goods, be foreign further adjourned till Thursday Morning next. Goods.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Irish For-wKole House, to whom the Bill, for advancing the Sale of feitw . the forfeited Estates in Ireland, and for securing such, as shall remain unsold or undisposed by the present Trustees, for the Purposes intended by the late Acts concerning the same, was committed, be made Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercuriit 17 die Feb

Anno primo Anns Regina.

PRATEEJ.

R. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Army Debt. Committee of the whole House, to v'hom the Bill, for reviving and continuing the Act, for appointing Commissioners, to take, examine, and determine, the Debt, due to the Army, Navy, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes, taken during the late War, was committed, the Amendments made by the Committee to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were Once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were (with Amendments to some of the said Amendments) agreed unto by the House.

Clause C. being read a Second time, that the Commissioners of Accounts may make out Certificates, whereupon Debentures may issue to Christopher de for 1,002 I.i8«. -2id.

And the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That in case any deceased Colonel, w hose Accounts were not made up, hath no acting Executor, or Administrator, such, as were Lieutenant-colonel, Major, or Captains, of that Regiment, at his Death, may lay the Accounts before the Commissioners of Accounts, to examine and certify the Sums, that appear due to the Regiment.

And the same was twice read, with a Blank; and the Blank was filled up; and then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, touching Tallies for Annuities.

And the same was tw ice read, and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Commissioners of Accounts may state, determine, and certify, the Debts, due, by regular Vouchers, to John Bingham, and Katherine Dunbarr, Widow and Relict of John Dunbarr, Esquire, jointly concerned in providing Horses, and other Necessaries, for the Service of the Train of Artillery, and for their Attendance thereon, during the Sieges of Athlone, Galloway, and Limerick.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Teller, for the Yea} 86.

Teller, for the Neats,} 7«.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Clause was brought up accordingly; and was tw ice read, and amended, and, upon the Question put

thereupon.

16° — i of

Fane's

Estate

Punching Mutiny and Desertion.

Persons employed in Woollen Manufactures.

Interference in Publick Accounts.

War in West Indies.

204 170 — 18° Feirmrii. A. 1702.

thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Paymaster-general of the forces do allow Colonel Luke Liltingsion, in the Account, he shall make up with him, of the Debentures, issued for the Arrears of the non-commissioned Officers, and Soldiers, of the Regiment, commanded by him in the West so much, as appears by the Receipts of the Captains, and the Accounts of the Major, in the Year 1695, he hath laid out and advanced for the Use of the said Regiment.

And the same was once read.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

The House divided:

Tlte Yeas go forth:

TeU-forteV { 6,

Te.,e, for,he} S9.

So it passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, on behalf of the Marines.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Teller, for the

Teller, forte Noe, {ur.oZ <

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legat'd, and Doctor Edisbury:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House to the Bui, intituled, An Act to enable the surviving Trustees and Executors of the last Will and Testament of Thomas Fane, Esquire, deceased, to pay an Annuity unto Mildmay Fane, Esquire, for his Maintenance and Education, until he shall attain his Age of One-and-twenty Years:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for punishing Officers, or Soldiers, who shall mutiny, or desert her Majesty's Service, in England or Ireland; and for punishing false Musters, and for better Payment of Quarters in England; without Amendment;

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing the Abuses, and Frauds, of Persons employed in the working up the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, and Iron Manufactures of this Kingdom, with an Amendment; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Another Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Le-gard, and Sir Richard Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do agree to a Conference, as Yesterday desired by this House; and do appoint it presently in the Painted Chamber.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Committee, who drew up what was to be offered at the Conference, do manage the Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference: And being returned;

Colonel Granville reported, that they had been at the Conference with the Lords, and delivered to the Lords what the House had directed.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better carrying on the present War in the West Indies, was (according to Order) read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committed of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, To-monrow Morning (after the Report of the Bill, for advancing the Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, and for securingsuch, as shall remain unsold or undisposed by the present Tradices, for the Purposes intended by the late Acts concerning the same) resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Irish Fer-whole House, to whom the Bill, for advancing the Sale of fciture . the forfeited Estates in Ireland, and for securing such, as shall remain unsold or undisposed by the present Trustees, for the Purposes intended by the late Acts concerning the same, was committed, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Fraud, is resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for preventing Frauds in her Majesty's Duties, upon stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and fot remedying sonie Defects in the Acts relating to the said Duties.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 18 die Februarii;

Anno primo Annie Regina.

PftATEia.

ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant DeviitsWrit.

to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of the Devizes, in the County of Wilts, in the room of John Child, Esquire, deceased.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Person, em-Amendment, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled,

An Act for the more effectual preventing the Abuses, nufot«re..a~ and Frauds, of Persons, employed in the working up the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, and Iron Manufactures Of this Kingdom.

And the same, being read, is, as followed!; viz.

2 Press, 14 and 15 L. Leave out " unless by the Consent of the said Labourers and Workers."

The Said Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Clarke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hack's, Ac. for naturalizing Daniel Hack, Charles Johan Bruce, and Nat others, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time in a full House.

An ingrossed Bill, for reviving and continuing the Act, Army Debt., for appointing Commissioners, to take, examine, and determine, the Debts, due to the Army, Navy, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes, taken during the late War, was read the Third time.'

And an Amendment was proposed to be made, by leaving out " intrusted," and inserting " interested."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Another Amendment was proped to be made, Press 7.

L. 9. by leaving out " according to the Scheme, and " Directions, approved by the House of Commons."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resohed, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, Ain Act for reviving and continuing the Act, for

appointing

IrUb Forfeitures.

i Ann. i 8° — 19" Februarii. 205

appointing Commissioners, to take, examine, and determine, the Debt, due to the Army, Navy, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes, taken during the late War.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for advancing the Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, and for securing such, as shall remain unsold or undisposed by the present Trustees, for the Purposes intended by the late Acts concerning the same, was committed, the Amendments, made by the Committee to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then several of them a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Clause D. being read a Second time, That the Trustees, for Irish Forfeitures, may sell the forfeited Lands and Estate in Brittaine Gate Quarter, adjoining and contiguous to the Town of Athcnree, in to Sir Thomas

Montgomery, and his Heirs, at Fifteen Years Purchase, if the Lands exceed not 60/. a Year;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That all Leases, Conveyances, and Agreements, concerning any Lands, made by any Person restored by any Acts, passed the last Session of Parliament, to, or in Trust for, any Papist, since the Day of

are made void; and any Person, who has paid any Consideration-money for the same, shall recover it in an Action of Debt.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks were filled up, and the Clause amended, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Protestant Trustees, as are, or shall be, appointed by the Guardians mentioned in an Act, passed l Amice Regime, for making Provision for the Protestant Children of the Earl of Clanriccard, and the Lord Bophin, may, by Mortgage or Sale of certain Manors and Premises, in which the Lord Bophin is to join, raise 25,000l. and Interest, from the 25th of March 1703, at per Cent, per Annum, and pay it into the Exchequer in Ireland, at several Payments, in English Money, as the same is valued in England; and the proper Officer of the Exchequer to sign a Receipt for the same.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks were filled up, and the Clause amended; and then the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That Robert Leigh, Esquire, should receive out of the forfeited Estate, lately Francis Leigh's, deceased, which the Trustees, or, in case of their Failure, such other Person, in whom the Estate shall become vested, are required, on Sale of the Estate, to pay him.

And the Question being put, that the Clause be brought up;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,

Mr.

Mr. Bridgman:

So itVas resolved in the Affirmative.

The Clause was brought up, and read the First time:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

You 14,

Tellers for the Nocs,

Mr. Lawson, Mr. Strin

s

45-

32.

Tellers for the Yeas, { H crd: }

Tellers fur the Noes, {

So it passed in the Negative.

And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the adjourned Debate upon the Bill, Exporting for prolonging the Time for exporting foreign Goods, Good ! be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, War in resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,'West Indies, upon the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better carrying on the present War, by Sea and Land, in the West Indies.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Frauds ia resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Stamp upon the Bill, for preventing Frauds in her Majesty's Duties' Duties upon stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and for remedying some Defects in the Acts relating to the said Duties.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 19 die Februarii;

Anno primo Annas Regina.

Prayers.

CjCO HN Francis Fort all, and John Briott, took the J Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

An ingrossed Bill, for advancing the Sale of the for- Irish Forfeited Estates in Ireland, and for securing such, as shall feiture . remain unsold or undisposed by the present Trustees, for the Purposes intended by the late Acts concerning the same, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, on the behalf of Field and # Brigstock.

And the Question being put. That the Clause be brought up i

It passed in the Negative.

Then several Amendments were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 3. L. 18. After " be," to insert " conveyed " to or."

Press 7. L. 40. After " may," to leave out " and."

L. To leave out " several Acts" and insert " recited Act, for Relief of Protestant Purchasers."

And the same were severally, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act for advancing the Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, and for vesting such, as remain unsold by the present Trustees, in her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for such Uses, as the same were before vested in the said Trustees; and for the more effectual selling and setting the said Estates to Protestants; and for explaining several Acts, relating to the Lord Bophin, and Sir Redmond Eoerard.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the adjourned Debate upon the Bill, Exporting for prolonging the Time for exporting foreign Goods, foreign be further adjourned till Monday Morning next. . Goods.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself War in into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed West Indies. Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better carrying on the present War, by Sea and Land, in the West Indies, being read;

2 F And

A. 170 '2.

206 190 — 22° Februarii.

Frauds in

Stamp

Duties,

And it being moved, That Mr. Speaker do leave the Chair;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Debate be adjourned until Monday Seven-night;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Vea3,

Tellers for the Noes, { , }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for preventing Frauds in her Majesty's Duties upon stampt Vellom, Parchment, and Paper, and for remedying some Defects in the Acts relating to the said Duties.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna, 22 die

Anno primo Annae Regina.

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Lord Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, might make Composition with Augustine Briggs, for what Money he stands charged with, to balance his Accounts, as Receiver-general of the Taxes for and Part of the County of Norfolk.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas, } <°3-

Tellers for the Noes, { } 85.

So it w'as resolved in the Affirmative.

The Clause was brought up, and read the First time.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That no Plea in any Action shall be of Force, until special or common Bail be filed, or an Appearance entered, as the Case requires, with the proper Officer.

And the Clause was read the First time.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, on the Behalf of Captain Schmettau.

And the same was read the First time.

And the Question being put, That die Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Prayers.

c A MES Jemblin, Peter Nick.

J Peter Friguad, Jacob Crosse, John Dufau, Peter Brisac, Peter Causirat, Alex. Conyers, James chard, John Meric Cole, took die Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalizadon.

frauds in Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Stamp Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for

Duties. preventing Frauds in her Majesty's Duties upon stampt

Vellom, Parchinent, and Paper, and for remedying some Defects in die Acts relating to the said Duties, was committed, the Amendments, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; w here the same were once read throughout, and tiien a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A. Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Comptroller and Accountants-general of the Duties shall annually pass a general Account, in the Court of Exchequer, of the gross Produce of the said Duties; and all Arrears of the same, at the End of every such Account, shall be duly set insuper upon the Persons, chargeable therewith; and if any Comptroller and Accountant-general shall knowingly return any Persons insuper, for any Monies, or Stamps, duly accounted for, such Persons may recover Damages against them.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks were filled up; and then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That no Writ of Covenant, for levying a Fine, shall, for the future, contain above one Purchase, Mortgage, or Settlement, unless the real Value be under per

Annum.

And the Clause was once read.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

Mr. Secretary Hedges acquainted the House, that her Message from. Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House Queen to that she desires, they will give all possible Dispatch to the Business here depending, her Majesty finding it necessary for the publick Affairs, to put a speedy End to this Session.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Address Majesty, humbly to lay before her Majesty, that this thereon. House hath already dispatched all the necessary Business before them.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty, by such Members of this House, as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Regard, Lords desire and Doctor Edisbury: Coherence.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords desire a present Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That the House do agree to a Conference with the Lords, as the Lords do desire.

And the Messengers were called in again, and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

A Petition of George Dashzcood, Esquire, was pre- Sudbury sented to the House, and read; setting forth, that a Writ election-having issued, for electing a Burgess for Sudbury, in Com Suffolk, the Petitioner, and Joseph Esquire,

stood Candidates: That, at the Election, John the Mayor, refused several, who offered their Voices for the Petitioner, and duly qualified; and admitted several for Mr. Haskenstyles, who had no Right to vote: That Catesby, and others, by Threats, and other indirect Practices, prevailed upon several to vote for Mr. Haskenstyles, and deterred others from voting for the Petitioner: That several of M r. Haskenstyles' A gents were guilty of Bri bery, -and other indirect Practices, and procured several Votes

for

i Ann. 22° — 23° — 25° 207

for him thereby: That, notwithstanding the illegal Pro Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the ceedings, the Petitioner had a Majority of legal Votes, Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto, and ought to have been returned; but CatesLy hath returned Mr. Haskenstyles,to the Petitioner's Prejudice and Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to put Whitakei's

Wrong: And praying the Consideration of the Premises, them in mind of a Bill, sent up from this House, inti- Account , and such Relief, as the House shall think f\t. tuled, An Act to oblige Edward Whitaker to account for

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be all such Sums of publick Money, as have been received referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; by him.

and that they do examine the Matter, thereof, and report Or That Mr. Lmcndes do carry the said Mes-the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House; sage.

Interference in Publick Accounts.

Frauds in

Stamp

Duties.

Ordered, That the Managers, who managed the last Conference, do manage the said Conference; and that Mr. Walpole be added to them.

And the Managers went to the Conference:

And being returned;

Colonel Granville reported, that they had met the Lords at the Conference; and that it was managed, on the Part of the Lords, by the Lord Steward; who acquainted them, that the Lords had desired this Conference, for preserving a good Correspondence between the two Houses, which was necessary at all Times; and that the Lords had directed them to acquaint this House, that the Lords had come to the Resolutions following; viz.

Die Jovis, 18 Februarii, 1702 *

IT is Resolved and Declared by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, That the Lords have an undoubted Right, which they can never sutler to be contested, to take Cognizance originally of all publick Accounts, and to enquire into any Misapplication, or Default, in the Distribution of publick Monies, or into any other Mismanagements whatsoever.

It is Resolved and Declared by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, That the Lords, in their Enquiry into the Examination of the Observations of the Commissioners of Accounts, in relation to Charles Lord Halifax, and in their Resolution thereupon, have proceeded according to the Rules of Justice, and the Evidence, that was before them.

It is Resolved and Declared by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, That the Commons in their Reasons, delivered at the last Conference, have used several Expressions, and Arguments, highly reflecting, and altogether unparliamentary, tending to destroy all good Correspondence between the Two Houses, and -to the Subversion of the Constitution.

Resolved, That this House will take the said Report into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 23 die Februarii;

Amio primo Annae Regina.

Prayers.

<VO IIN Brocas and John Lagourgue took the Oaths J appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

An ingrossed Bill, for preventing Frauds in her Majesty's Duties upon stampt Vellom, Parchment, and Paper, and for remedying some Defects in the Acts relating to the said Duties, was read the Third time; and some Amendments were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 2. L. 15. and iG. To leave out " upon," and insert " where;" and after "Judgment," to insert is;" and after " entered," to leave out " into."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for preventing Frauds in her Majesty's Duties upon stampt Vellom, Parchment, and Paper.

Vol. 14.

The House (according to Order) proceeded to take in- interfero.net to Consideration the Report of the Conference Yesterday in Publick with the Lords: And what was offered to the Lords, at Atcounts. the first Conference, was read, and also the Report of the Conference Yesterday.

Ordered, That a free Conference be desired with the Lords, upon foe Subject-matter of the last Conferences.

Ordered, That the Managers, w ho managed the last Conference, do manage the said free Conference; and that Sir Thomas Meres, Si r Richard Onslow, Mr. Cooper,

Mr. Smith, and Mr. Serjeant Hooper, be added to them.

Ordered, That the Managers do meet together, and consider of what Heads are fit to be gone upon at the said free Conference, and report the same to the House.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning next, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 25 die;

Anno primo Annas Regina.

Prayers.

ZpRANCIS Parrain Dc Clerk, took thd

Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

A Complaint being made to the House, of a News- pr;vjiegt_ letter, written by Dyer the News-writer, dated London, Publication February the 13th, One thousand Seven hundred and of Proceed-Two, misrepresenting the Proceedings of this House that inSs-Day, with relation to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging foe Time for taking the Oath of Abjuration, and also for recapacitating and indemnifying such Persons, a9 have not taken the same by the Time, and shall take the same by a Time to be, appointed.

Which Letter was delivered in at the Clerk's Table) where that Part complained of, was read:

Ordered, That the said Dyer, the News-writer, do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

A Complaint being made to the House, of a printed prjv;jece_

Book, intituled, " The shortest Way with the Dissenters, Libellous " or Proposals for the Establishment of the Church;" Publication.

Which Book was delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where several Paragraphs therein w'ere read, in Folio 11,

18, and 26:

Resolved, That a printed Book, intituled, " The " shortest Way with foe Dissenters, or Proposals for the " Establishment of the Church," being full of false and scandalous Reflections upon this Parliament, and tending to promote Sedition, be burnt [by the Hands ] of the common Hangman.

Ordered, That the said Book be burnt To-morrow"

Morning in foe New Palace Yard, Westminster; and that the Sheriffs of London and Middlesex do assist the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to see the same done.

Colonel Granville reported from the Committee, w ho interference were appointed to prepare Heads for a free Conference in Publick with the Lords, upon the Subject-matter of the last Con- Account .» ferences, that they had prepared foe same accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read

These Words are supplied from the Minute Book.

throughout,

t

Raising the Militia.

Army Debts,

Frauds in

Stamp

Duties.

Interference in Publick Accounts.

Report to be drawn up.

Votes not to be printed.

208 25° — 16° — 27° Februarii. A. 1702.

throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, (with an Amendment to one of them) agreed unto by the House, and are as follow;

That no Cognizance, the Lords can take of the publick Accounts, can enable them to supply any Deficiency, or to apply any Surplusage, of the publick Money.

That the Lords can neither acquit, or condemn, any Person whatsoever, upon any Enquiry, arising originally in their own House.

That the Attempt, the Lords have made, to acquit Charles Lord Halifax, Auditor of the Receipt of Exchequer, is not only unparliamentary, and not warranted by any Precedent; and the Resolution thereupon is plainly contrary to what appears on the Records themselves.

That the Conference, desired by the Commons, was in order to preserve a good Correspondence between both Houses, by offering Reasons to prevent the Lords from proceeding in a Case, which they had no Precedent to warrant; and the Commons expressing the Consequences, they apprehended might follow from that Resolution, was neither reflecting, nor unparliamentary, nor tending to destroy the good Correspondence betw een the two Houses, and much less to the Subversion of the Constitution.

That the Lords delivering, at a Conference, their Resolutions,- instead of Reasons, in Answer to the Reasons of the Commons, is not agreeable to the ancient Rules and Methods of Parliament, observed in Conferences between the two Houses.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas do go to the Lords,

and desire the said free Conference.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Regard, and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the raising the Militia of this Kingdom, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Three, notwithstanding the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, without Amendment:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for reviving and continuing the late Acts, for appointing Commissioners, to take, examine, and determine the Debts, due to the Army, and Navy, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes, taken during the late War, without Amendment:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds in her Majesty's Duties upon stampt Vellom, Parchment, and Paper, without Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir Thomas Hammer reported, that he having (according to Order) been at the Lords, to desire a free Conference, the Lords do agree to a free Conference, and appointed the same presently, in the Painted Chamber.

And the Managers went to the Conference:

And being returned;

Mr. Finch reported, That the Managers had attended the Conference; and that, on the Part of the Lords, it was managed by the Lord Terrors, the Lord Halifax, the Lord Steward, the Lord Herbert, and Earl of

Carlisle.

Ordered, That the Managers do draw up a Report of the said free Conference, and present the same to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Finch have Leave to make a Motion, it being past One a Clock:

And he moved accordingly, That it may be a standing Order of the House, that no more Votes of this House may he printed.

Ordered, That the Order of the 26th of October last, for printing the Votes, be discharged.

'l'he House finding the great Inconveniences, that have attended the printing of the Votes;

Resolved, That it be a standing Order of the House, That no Votes of the House shall be printed, without the particular Order of the House.

Resolved, That the Votes and Proceedings of the House be not published by the Clerks, or any other Person whatsoever.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris,2 6"die Februarii;

Anno primo Anna Regina.

Prayeks.

DERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant Westloe to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Westloe, in the County of Cornwall, in the Room of Richard Earl of Ranelagh, expelled this House.

Richard Hele, Esquire, being chosen a Burgess for the Ditto. Borough of Plympton, in the County of Devon, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Westloe, in the County of Cornwall, made his Election, to serve for the said Borough of Plympton.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in tins present Parliament for the Borough of Westloe, in the County of in the Room of the said Mr. Hele.

The Serjeant being called upon to give an Account of Privilege — what had been done, in Execution of the Order of the A Person House, touching Dyer, the News-writer; Order tfthe

He acquainted the House, that his Messengers had personally served Dyer with the Order; but that he does not attend.

Ordered, That the Letter of the said Dyer bf delivered to Mr. Secretary Hedges, in order to the finding out, and prosecuting the Writer.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 27 die Februarii;

Anno primo Annie Regina.

Prayers.

COLONEL Granville reported, that the Managers of interference the free Conference with the Lords, on 'Thursday in Publick last, had, according to Order, drawn up a Report of the Accoums same, which they had directed him to report to the House, which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be entered upon the Journal.

And the same is as followeth; viz.

That the Managers acquainted their Lordships, that the Commons had desired this free Conference, in order to maintain a good Correspondence between the two Houses; and that, upon Consideration of the Reasons, offered by the Commons at the first Conference, and their Lordships Answer, delivered at the last, they took the Points in Difference to be, First, That no Cognizance, the Lords could take of the publick Accounts, could enable them to supply any Deficiency, or apply any Surplusage, of the publick Money, in case any should he found: And then your Managers went ori to open the rest of the Particulars, which they had in Direction from the House to insist on; which they did in the same Manner, as they appear by your Journal; but added, when they acquainted their Lordships, that the expressing the Consequences, which, they apprehended, might follow from their Resolution, that it was not a Charge upon their Lordships, that they intended that Consequence; but they would have been very glad, their Lordships would have been pleased to have let them know, what Use was to be made of it, or what they intended by it; and concluded, that, if their Lordships

I. Ann. 37® Felrmrii.

209

did controvert any of those Points, your Managers were ready to maintain them.

That the Lords made no Answer to any of those Particulars, save to the Matter of their Resolution, relating to the Lord Halifax; upon which their Lordships did acknowledge, that they were no Court of Enquiry, to form any Accusation: That their Proceedings, in relation to that Lord, was no Tryal, nor was their Resolution any Judgment, or Acquittal, but that he might still be prosecuted, as before; but that, which gave Occasion to that Proceeding, was the Resolution of the House of Commons, which they found in the printed Votes, reflecting upon a Member of their House; and thereupon they thought fit to give their Opinion, which they did in their legislative Capacity.

To which the Managers replied, that, their Lordships having-in their Resolutions declared, that they had proceeded according to the Rules of Justice, and the Evidence, that was before them, the Commons could put no other Interpretation upon it, than that it was intended as a Judgment; and no Judgment could be made, where there was no Accusation; and if it was not a Judgment, they could not imagine, what it did tend to.

As to their Lordships delivering their Opinion; the Managers observed, it was against die Rule of any Court, that any Judge whatsoever should deliver an Opinion in a Cause, that might come before him; and this Matter might hereafter come judicially before their Lordships.

And the Managers observed the great Difference between the Resolution of the Commons, and that of the Lords: The Vote of the House of Commons was but in order to a Prosecution, which they can never vote, without declaring the Crime; and they can never come to be Judges of it The House of Commons is the grand Inquest of the Nation; and every Grand Jury, that finds Billa vera, upon an Indictment docs by that declare the Man guilty: Rut the Lords have a judicial Capacity; and their Resolution, before an Accusation brought is Pre judging the Cause, that may come regularly before them. And some of the Managers, in speaking to these Points, were frequently interrupted by their Lordships.

As to the Observation, the Commons made, that the Lords had not examined the respective Times of transmitting the Imprest Rolls to the Queen's Remembrancer; your Managers said, that, as their Lordships Resolution was no Judgment, so this Conference was no Tryal. Rut, to shew the Mistake of their Lordships Resolution, they observed the Dates upon the several imprest Rolls, that had been transmitted to the Remembrancer; that they apprehended, there were still Two wanting; that the Three last, that were transmitted, came not to the Remembrancer till January last, the Two first, on the 23d, the last, on the 27th: The first of these Three imprest Rolls, was Money imprest to the 21st of February, 1700, and said to be in the First Year of the Reign of Queen Anne; which shewed, that That Roll was so far from being examined, or transmitted in time, that it w'as not made up till since her Majesty came to the Crown.

That, as the Custom formerly has been to set down the Time of the Examination of those Rolls, since Mr. Chr.

Mountague came in to be Auditor, he set down the Month, but not the Day; and since the Lord Halifax was Auditor, he has set down neither Month, nor Day; and, by his Example, on the Three last imprest Rolls the Clerks of the Pells had put down no Time at all.

To which a noble Lord, in his own Defence, replied, that the Lords Resolution was well founded, since they had the Rolls themselves before them, and Proof upon Oath: That, by the Words of the Act, the Auditor was to transmit the imprest Rolls to the Remembrancer half-yearly, according to the usual Course of the Exchequer, which is Eight Months, and Four Months: That it was not his Duty to transmit them immediately to the Remembrancer, because he was to send them to the Clerk of the Pells, who is to examine and sign them; and it cannot be imagined, the Auditor should be tied to a certain Time, to transmit the Rolls to the Remembrancer, because they V>l. 14.

must first go through another Hand; and he never took it, there was any Occasion to put down the Time he examined them; for that would appear from the Time of the Delivery, and Date of the Roll.

That there was One examined by the Clerk of the Pells the 4th of July, and not delivered till the 23d of January; which he did not take to be the Auditor's Fault, but took it to be the Duty of the Clerk of the Pells to deliver them: That every Rody knew the great Trouble had been given in his, as well as other Offices, by the Commissioners of Accounts: That no publick Loss had happened by not transmitting these Rolls, no Process having been issued forth for many Years upon them.

To this your Managers answered, that, though Half-yearly should be taken for Eight Months, and Four Months, yet, by that, they must be transmitted twice a Year; and that he had failed in his Duty in that respect

To construe the ancient Course of the Exchequer, in the Act of Parliament, to be meant, that the Clerk of the Pells should transmit the Rolls, is a direct Contradiction to the Act, that says, the Auditor shall do it; and the ancient Course of the Exchequer not having been observed, was the Occasion of making that Law; and that they thought.

Laws wrere made to be observed. That indeed no Process could issue, till the Rolls were transmitted; and possibly that might be the Ground, the Accounts have been so long unpassed, to the Prejudice of the Publick. That his Lordship's Apprehension, there was no Loss to the Publick, by not transmitting the Rolls, might probably be the Reason of his Lordship s neglecting his Duty.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard, and Sir Richard Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply. Bill; for granting tq her Majesty several Subsidies, for carrying Subsidies, on the War against 1'rance and Spain, without Amendments:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Irish Forfei-Act for advancing the Sale of the forfeited Estates in - tures. land, and for vesting such, as remain unsold by the present Trustees, in her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for such Uses, as the same were before vested in the said Trustees; and for the more effectual selling and setting the said Estates to Protestants; and for explaining several-Acts, relating to the Lord Bophin and Sir Redmond

Everard;without Amendments:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Whitaker . Act to oblige Edv'ard Whitaker to account for such Accounts. Sums of publick Money, as hath been received by him, without Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Bill, intituled, An Act for preventing occasional Conformity,' with the Amendments made by the Lords, and the Amendments made by this House to those Amendments, and the Reports of the several Conferences, and of the free Conference relating the reunto, and the Proceedings thereupon, be printed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do examine the said Bill, Amendments, Reports, and Proceedings, and appoint the Printer thereof.

Ordered, That the Rej>ort of the Conferences, and free Conference, relating to the Message from the Ix>rds the -4th Instant, touching the Commissioners of Accounts, and the Proceedings relating the reunto, be printed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do examine the said Reports, and Proceedings, and appoint the Printer thereof.

Ordered, That the Lords Journals be inspected, with Occasional relation to the Bill, for preventing occasional Conformity; Conform ty. and that the same be printed, with the Proceedings of this House in relation thereunto.

And then the House adjourned for half an Hour. Adjourn-

meat.

Lords interference in Publick Accounts — Report and Proceeding? to be printed.

Occasional . Conformity Act to be printed.

3 G THE

Royal Assent to Bills.

Parliament

further

prorogued.

Parliament

further

prorogued.

Parliament

further

prorogued.

Parliament

further

prorogued.

Parliament

further

prorogued.

Message to attend the Queen.

The Queen's

Speech

reported.

210 27 Feb. — 22 Aprilis. — 22 Junil. — 3 August i. — 14 4 — 9 A. 1703.

THE House being met;

A Message from her Majesty, by Sir David Mitchell, Gentleman-usher of the Black Hod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Queen commands this honourable House to attend her Majesty in the House of Peers immediately.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend her Majesty in the House of Peers; where her Majesty was pleased to give the royal Assent to several jwblick and private Bills, and to make a most gracious Speech to both Houses; and afterwards the Lord Keeper Parliament of the great Seal, by her Majesty's Command, prorogued prorogued, the Parliament until Thursday, the Two-and-twentieth Day of April next

Jovis, 22 die;

Anno secundo Annie Regina.

THE House being met;

A Message was brought from the Lords by Mr. Aston, Deputy Gentleman-usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of her Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the said Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers; where the said Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament until Tuesday, the 22d Day of June next: And the same was prorogued accordingly until the 22d Day of June next

Mortis, 22 die Junii;

Anno secundo Anns Regina.

THE House being met;

A Message was brought from the Lords by Mr. Aston, Deputy Gentleman-usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of her Majesty's Com-

Mart is, 3 die Augvsti;

Anno secundo Aims Regina.

THE House being met;

A Message was brought from the Lords by Mr. Aston, Deputy (Gentleman-usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of her Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the said Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers; where the said Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament until Tuesday, the 3d Day of August next: And the same was prorogued accordingly until the 3d Day of August next.'

mission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the said Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers; where the said Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament until Thursday, the 14th Day of October next: And the same was prorogued accordingly until the 14th Day of October next.

Jovis, 14 die Octobris;

Anno secundo Annae Regina.

THE House being met, and Mr. Speaker being in the Country;

A Message was brought from the Lords by Mr. Aston, Deputy Gentleman-usher of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of her Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the said Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk, went up to the House of Peers; where the said Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament until Thursday, the 4th Day of November next: And the same was prorogued accordingly until the 4th Day of November next.

Jovis, 4 die Novembris;

Anno secundo Annae Regina.

THE House being met;

A Message was brought from the Lords by Mr. Aston, Deputy Gentleman-usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of her Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the said Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House ot Peers; where the said Commission was read, for the proroguing of the Parliament until Tuesday, the 9th Day of November instant: And the Parliament was prorogued accordingly until the 9th Day of November instant.

Mortis, 9 die Novembris;

Anno 2 Annae Regina, 1703.

AM ESS AGE from her Majesty, by Sir David Mitchell, Gentleman-usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Queen commands this honourable House to attend her Majesty immediately in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend her Majesty:

And being returned;

Mr: Speaker reported, that her Majesty had been pleased to make a most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament; and that, to prevent any Mistake therein, he had desired, and obtained, a Copy thereof; which he readj, and is, as followeth; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I have called you together, as soon as I thought you could conveniently come out of your Countries, that no Time might be lost in making our Preparations for carrying on the present War; in which I do not doubt of your chearful Concurrence, since you cannot but be sensible, that on the Success of it depends our own Safety and Happiness, and that of all Europe.

I hope I have improved the Confidence, you reposed in me last Year, to your Satisfaction, and the Advantage of us, and our Allies, by the Treaty with the King of Portugal, and the Declaration of the Duke of; Which, in great measure, may be imputed to the Chear-fiilness, with which you supported me in this War, and the

Members take Oaths.

Servants

Wages.

Grand Com suttees.

z Ann. 9® Novembris.

flit

the Assurance, with which you trusted me in the Conduct of it; and we cannot sufficiently acknowledge the Goodness of Almighty God, who is pleased to afford us so fair a Prospect, as we now have, of bringing it to a glorious and speedy Conclusion.

I must therefore desire you, Gentlemen of the House of Commons, to grant me such Supplies, as shall be requisite to defray the necessary Charge of the War in the next Year, with regard not only to all our former Engagements, but particularly to our Alliance, lately made with the King of Portsor recovering the Monarchy of Spain from the House of and re-

storing it to the House of Austria; which Treaty, being in itself of the highest Importance imaginable, and requiring all possible Dispatch in the Execution of it, has necessarily occasioned a great Expence even in this present Year, though not so much, ak it will require, and for which,

I hope, we shall be amply recompensed, in the next.

The Subsidies, which will now be immediately required, for the Assistance of the Duke of Savoy, will likewise occasion a further necessary Charge.

I must take notice to you, that, though no particular Provision was made in the last Session, either for the Charge of our present Expedition to , or for

that of the Augmentation Troops, desired by the States General; yet the Funds, given by Parliament, have held out so well, and the Produce of the Prizes has proved so considerable, that you will find, the Publick will not be in Debt, by reason of either of these additional Services.

I may further observe to you, that, though the Funds, for the civil Government, are diminished by the War, I have, in Conjunction with the States General, contributed out of my own Revenue towards some publick Services, and particularly, the Support of the Circle of Suabia, whose firm Adherence to the Interest of the Allies, under the greatest Pressures, did very well deserve our seasonable Assistance; and I shall still be careful, not to engage myself in any unnecessary Expence of my own, that I may have the more to spare towards the Ease of my Subjects.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I heartily wish, some easy, and less chargeable, Method could be found, for the speedy and effectual manning of the Fleet

I must also recommend to you to make some Regulation, for preventing the excessive Price of Coals. I have examined this Matter, and taken particular Care to appoint Convoys for that Service; but the Price has not been in the least abated, notwithstanding a very considerable Quantity has been imported since that Time. This gives great Ground of Suspicion, Jhere may be a Combination of some Persons, to enrich themselves by a general Oppression of others, and particularly the Poor: It will deserve your Consideration, how to remedy this great Inconvenience.

And, in all your Affairs, I must recommend to you as much Dispatch, as the Nature of them will admit. This is necessary to make our Preparations early, on which, in great measure, depends the good Success of all our Enterpnzes.

I want Words to express to you my earnest Desires of seeing all my Subjects in perfect Peace and Union among themselves: I have nothing so much at Heart, as their general Welfare and Happiness. Let me therefore desire you all, that you would carefully avoid any Heats or Divisions, that may disappoint me of that Satisfaction, and give Encouragement to the common Enemies of our Church and State.

After which, several Members took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and sub-cribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

A Bill, for the easier Recovery of Servants Wages, and for punishing of idle and disorderly Servants, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the grand Committee for Religion, do sit every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Vol. 14

Ordered, That the grand Committee for Grievances, do sit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the grand Committee for Courts of Justice, do sit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the grand Committee for Trade, do sit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Resolved, That no BUI, relating to Trade, or the Bills relating Alteration of the Laws concerning Trade, be broughtTrade, into the House, until the Proposition shall have been first examined and debated in the grand Committee for Trader and agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges and Elections Co-muittee be appointed of, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Solicitor-general, of Privilege . Lord Marquis Hartington, Mr. Bremer, Mr. Pitt, Lord Pawlet, Mr. How, Sir Rich. Onslow, Sir Chr. MusgrOoe,

Mr. Manky, Lord Chdne, Mr. Greenville, Lord Orrery,

Mr. Palmes, Mr. Boscawen, Mr. Dolb Sir Astley,

Sir JVm.Forester, Lord Pierrepont, Mr. Secretai

Mr. Benson, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Harley, Sir Rich. How, Sir

Matth. Dudley, Sir Jeff. Jeffries, Sir Cyrill Wych, Sir

Godfry Copley, Sir Jos.Tredenham, Mr. Serjeant

Mr. Pagit, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Neoill, Mr. Burnaby,

Mr. Seymour, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Brett, Mr. Comptroller,

Sir Hen. Bellam, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Tredenham, Lord Hyde, Mr. Brydges, Mr.

Lawson, Mr. Hysham, Mr. Champnyes, Sir Jos. Jekyll,

Sir Samuel Garrett, Mr. Chase, Mr Sir Dudley Cullum, Mr. Comyns, Mr. Compton, Mr. Dormer, Mr.

Snath, Mr. Lee, Sir Tho. Meers, Mr. Shrhnpton, Mr.

Robarts, Mr. Stanhope, Sir Hum. Mackworth, Sir Tho.

Hanmer, Sir Edward Tui'ner, M r. Ansi is, Mr. Et trick, Sir Isaac Rebow, Mr. Popham, Mr. Oglethorp, Mr.

JohnKay, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Mr.

Cesar, Sir Jacob Banks, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Monson, Colonel Byerley, Sir Tho. Powys, Mr. King, Sir Benj. Bathurst,

Mr. Stonehouse, Mr. Tilney, Mr. Hamond, Mr. Merick, Sir Roger Mostyn, Sir Chr. Hales, Mr. Eyres, Mr. Walsh,

Mr. Vincent, Mr. Shepherd, Kir. Guy, Mr. Harvey, Mr.

Pigott, Mr. Fleming, Mr. North, Sir Robert Eden: And they are to meet on Friday next, at Five a Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber; and to sit every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, in the Afternoon; and all, that come, are to have Voices: And they are to take into Consideration all such Matters, as shall or may come in Question, touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges; and to proceed upon double Returns' in the first Place; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinion therein, to the House, from time to time: And all Persons, that will question Returns, are to do it in Fourteen Days next, and so within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in: And the Committee to have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information: And all Members, who are returned for Two or more Places, are to make their Elections by this Day Three Weeks, for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place: And if any Thing shall come into Question, touching the Return, Election, or Matter of Privilege, of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Time that Matter is in Debate; and that all Members, returned upon double Returns, do withdraw, till their Returns are determined.

Resolved, That no Member have Privilege in Case, UmlOrder . where he is only a Trustee.

Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right to give his Vote in the Election for any Member to serve in Parliament.

Resolved, That where the House shall judge any Petition, touching Elections, to be frivolous and vexatious, the House will order Satisfaction to be made to the Person petitioned against.

Resolved, That, in case it shall appear, any Person hath procured himself to be elected, of returned, as a

Member

212

9° — 10° N

A.

1703

I'sualOrders. Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery, or any other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Person.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear, any Person hath been tampering with any Witnesses, in respect of their Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof, or directly or indirectly endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence, the same is declared to be a high Crime and Misdemeanor, and this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offenders.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear, iny Person hath given false Evidence in', any Case before the House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the ' utmost Severity against such Offenders.

Resolved, That for any. Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament, the same is a high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of England.

Ordered, That no Letters be delivered out by the Post-mau attending, this House, until the rising of the House.

Address on the t ueeu's Speech.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, expressing the Thanks of this House for her Majesty's most gracious Speech from the Throne; and for her Majesty's generous supporting, out of her private Revenue, the Circle of S; and for the Alliances, and Treaties, she has entered into with the King of Portugal, and the Duke of Savoy, for restoring the Monarchy of Spain to the House of ;and also to assure her Majesty, that this House will support her Majesty in her Alliances, and carrying on the War, against France.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to draw up the said Address.

And it is referred to Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Lord Dysert, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Sir 'l'ho. Pel-

ham, Mr. Compton, Sir Chr. Musgrave, Sir Tho. Hanmcr, Marquis Hartington, Sir Hump. Mr. Smith,

Lord Or ray, Mr. How, Mr. Colonel Bytrfy,

Mr. Moncton, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Mr. Pagit, Sir Powys, Mr. Brett, Mr. Mr. Mr. Bertie,

Mr. Conyers, Mr. Brewer, Sir Onslmo, Mr. Moor,

Mr. Solicitor-general,. Mr. Sir Hedges,

Mr. Comptroller, Lord Chenie, Mr. Cmcper, Sir Tredenham, Sir Roger Mostyn, Mr. Harley, Mr.

ville, Mr. Curson, Mr. Mansell, Lord Piernpont, Mr. Stanhope, Mr. Brydges, Mr. Sir Tho. Littleton,

Mr. Pitt, Mr. Vernon, Mr. R. How, Sir Drake, Sir Benj. Bathurst, Mr. Scobell; or any Five of them: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning at Eight a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Address be drawn up, upon the said Resolution, and upon the Debate of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Newcastle under in the County of Stafford, in the room of the Right Honourable John Iword Gower, called up to the House of Peers.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bury St. Edmonds, in the County of Suffolk, in the room of the Right Honourable John Lord Jiarvey, called up to the House of Peers.

Oldered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Knight of the Shire, to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Cornwall, in the room of the Right Honourable John Lord Granville, called up to the House of Peers.

Oxford Writ. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the University of Oxford, in the room of the Right Honourable Heneage Lord Guernsey, called up to the House of Peers.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Kcllington, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of John Acldand, Esquire,.deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bramber, in the County of Sussex, in the room of the Right Honourable Francis Lord Conway, called up to the House of Peers.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Beaumaris, in the County of in the room of Robert Bulkley, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Higham Farrars, in the County of Northampton, in the room of Thomas Pemberton, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Air. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Tavistock,in the County of Devon, in the room of the Lord Robert Russell, deceased.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten a Clock.

Mercurii, 10 die Novembris;

Anno 2®

Annas Regina.

Prayers.

Newcastle under Line Writ.

Bury St. Edmunds Writ.

Cornwall

Writ;

AP ETITI ON of Edward Harvey, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner stood a Candidate in the Election for Burgesses, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Clithero, in the County of Lancaster, and was duly chosen, and ought to have been returned; but Thomas Stringer, Esquire, and Ambrose Pudsey, Esquire, by undue Means, and corrupt Practices, have procured themselves to be returned Burgesses, in W'rong to the Petitioner: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and repoit the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of George Dashwood, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the Election of a Burgess, to serve in this Parliament for Sudbury, in Suffolk, the Petitioner and Joseph Esquire,

stood Candidates; whereat John Catesbij, the Mayor, admitted several undue Votes lor Mr. and

refused to take the Votes of divers qualified Persons, who offered to vote for the Petitioner; and the said Catesby, with Thomas Firinin, John Penn, Tho. Tho. Parish, and Joshua Griggs, by Threats, and other indirect Practices, prevailed on several to vote for Mr. Haskenstyles, and deterred others from voting for the Petitioner; and Mr. Haskenst ties' Agents procured many

Votes by Bribery; notwithstanding which the Petitioner had a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned; but the said Mayor has returned Mr. Haskenstyles, iu Wrong to the Petitioner: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition

be

TCrilingto

Wen.

Bramber

Writ.

Beaumaris

Writ.

Iligliatn Ferrari Writ.

Tavistock

Writ.

CiitWo

Election.

Sudbury

Election.

Tavistock lllcc lion.

CaU of the lloube.

Printing the Yours.

AAdrtss oh the Queen's Speech

2 Ann. to — 11°

be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Hairy Manaton, Esquire, was presented

to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner was duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Tavistock, in and tendered

an Indenture, sealed by the said Electors, to Arthur Cake, the Portreeve; but he refused to return the Petitioner, and hath falsely returned the Lord James Russell; and the an id Portreeve, and other Agents for the Lord Russell, used many indirect Practices, to deter the Electors from voting for the Petitioner, and many were refused to vote for him, that had a Right to vote: And praying, such Relief in the Premises, as the House shall think tit

And the Resolution of the House, the last Session, touching the Election for the said Borough of Tavistock, being read;

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they proceed only as to the Matter of the Poll, according to the Resolution of the House the last Session.

Ordered, That the House be called over on Monday Sevennight.

Ordered, That all such Members, as shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House.

The House being moved, That Leave be given to make a Motion, that the Votes of the House be printed;

And the Resolutions of the House, the last Session, against printing and publishing of the Votes and Proceedings of the House, being read;

And a Debate arising in the House upon the said Motion;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned.

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned until r,

the 23d Day of November Instant

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 11 die

Anno 2° Ann®

Praters.

Mil. Solicitor-general reported from the Committee, who were appointed to draw up the Address, to be presented to her Majesty, that they had drawn up the same accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House: which he read in his Place, ajul afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was twipe read, and is, as followeth; viz.

May it please your Majesty;

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons in Parliament assembled, do humbly return your Majesty our most hearty Thanks for your Majesty's most gracious Speech from the Throne.

We are truly sensible of your Majesty's earnest Endeavours to bring the War to a glorious and speedy Conclusion; of which your Majesty has given us so fair a Prospect, by your great Wisdom and Conduct, in engaging the King of Portugal, and Duke of Savoy in your Alliance, for recovering the Monarchy of Spain from the House of Bourbon, and restoring it to the House of Austria.

We do most gratefully acknowledge your Majesty's singular Care in the good Management and Application of the publick Money, and your most signal and unparallelled Grace and Goodness to your People, in retrenching your Expences, for their Ease, and contributing out of your own Revenue towards the publick Service; particularly, your Majesty's most seasonable Assistance to the Circle of Siuibia.

Vo 1. 14.

NoveinbriSi % ij

The many Blessings U fc enjoy under your Majesty's, mpst auspicious Reign, and your tender Regard to the general Welfare and Happiness of your Subjects, justly require our utmost Returns of Duty and Gratitude! and your Majesty may be assured, that your faithful Commons will suppqrt your Majesty in your Alliances, and effectually eoahlft your Majesty to carry on the War with Vigpur.

Resolved, That the said Address be read Paragraph by Paragraph.

And the First Paragraph being again read;

An Amendment was proposed, by leaving out, " May u it please your Majesty," and inserting instead thereof in the Beginning, " Most gracious Sovereign."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon,' agreed unto by the House.

And then the Paragraph, so amended, was, upon thft Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Second Paragraph, being again read, was, upon, the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Third Paragraph being again read;

An Amendment was proposed, by adding, after " Money," these Words, "whereby your Majesty's Exchequer " hath greater Credit, in this sp expensive a, War, than was " ever known in the most flourishing Times of Peace."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And other Amendments were proposed to be made, by adding, "and," and leaving out " retrenching your " Expences, for their Ease, and."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And then the Paragraph, so amended, was, upon Ifje, Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Fourth Paragraph being again read;

An Amendment was proposed to be made, by adding at the End thereof, "to which nothing can more contribute. " than a firm Union among ourselves. Wp therefore crave " Leave further to assure your Majesty, that we will, according to your Majesty's Desire, carefully avojcj any

Heats, or Divisions, that may give Encouragement to " the common Enemies of the Church and State."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the said Address so amended, be agreed unto: And the same is, as follows; vis.

Most gracious Sovereign;

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and Loyal Subjects, the Commons in Parliament assembled, do humbly return your Majesty our most hearty Thanks for your Majesty's most gracious Speech from the Throne.

We are truly sensible of your Majesty's earnest Endeavours to bring the W'ar to a glorious and speedy Conclusion; of which your Majesty has given us so fair a Prospect, by your great Wisdom and Conduct, in engaging the King of Portugal and Duke of Savoy in your Alliance, for recovering the Monarchy of Spain from the House of Bourbon, and restoring it to the House of Austria.

We do most gratefully acknowledge your Majesty's singular Care in the good Management and Application of the publick Money, whereby your Majesty's Exchequer hath greater Credit, in this so expensive a \Var, than was ever known in the most flourishing Times of Peace, and your most signal and unparallelled Grftee and Goodness to your People, in contributing out of your own Revenue towards the publick Service, particularly, your Majesty's most seasonable Assistance to the Circle of Suabia,

The many Blessings we enjoy under your Majesty's most auspicious Reign, and your tender Regard to the general Welfare and Happiness of your Subjects, justly require our utmost Returns of Duty and Gratitude; and your Majesty may be assured, that your faithful Commons will support your Majesty in your Alliances, and effectually enable your Majesty to carry on the War with Vigour; to which nothing can more contribute than a firm Union among ourselves. We therefore crave Leave further to assure your Majesty, that we will, according to

3 II ' your

The Queen's Speech to be considered.

Queen appoints to be attended.

Committee of Privileges.

Leave ef Absence.

Answer to Address.

The Queen's Speech considered.

Supply.

Supply.

17° NoVembris. A. 1703.

314 II0 — 15 — 16"-

your Majesty's Desire, carefully avoid any Heats or Divisions, that may give Encouragement to the common Enemies of the Church and State.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council, do humbly know her Majesty's Pleasure, when she will be attended by this House.

to consider of the Motion made Yesterday, for a Supply to be granted to her Majesty;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conifers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they

had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will upon Monday Morning next, take into Consideration her Majesty s most gracious Speech to both Houses.

Mr. Secretary Hedges reported, that, he having waited upon her Majesty to kntow her Majesty's Pleasure, when she will be attended by this House, her Majesty has been pleased to appoint this Afternoon, at Four a Clock, at

St James's.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned until Monday next, in the Afternoon.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lutue, 15° die Novcinbris;

Anno 2 Ann® Reginas.

Prayers,

RDERED, That Mr. Boscaztenhave Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Mr Speaker reported, that he, with the House, did on Thursday last present their humble Address to her Majesty; and that her Majesty was pleased to receive the same very graciously, and to give this Answer; viz.

1 AM veiy very well pleased with your Assurances of supporting me in the present War, and your kind Acknowledgments of my Endeavours to bring it to a happy Conclusion.

You may assure yourselves I shall always pursue the true Interest of the Kingdom, and omit nothing, that may promote the general Welfare of my People.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Order of the Day be now read, for taking into Consideration her Majesty's most gracious Speech;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Teller for the Y}

Teller for the Mauh°Du:} 95-

The Numbers being equal, Mr. Speaker declared for the Yeas.

The Order being read;

And her Majesty's Speech being again read by Mr. Speaker;

And a Motion being made, for a Supply to be granted to her Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

Ordered, That the Consideration of her Majesty's Speech be referred to the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Moming, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 17° die

Anno 2 Ann® Regime.

Prayers.

MR. Conyers reported from the Committee of the Supply.

whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Motion, for a Supply to be granted to her Majesty, the Resolution which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table; where the same was read, and is, as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that a Supply be granted to her Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, Kemin/eContradkcnte, That this House dotli

agree with the Committee, that a Supply be granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Treaties of Majesty, that she will be graciously pleased to cause such Coalition, Treaties to be laid before this House, as were not laid be- c‘ fore them the last Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House, as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Arm» Majesty, that she will be graciously pleased tb cause to be Estimates, laid before this House, an Estimate of all the Land Forces in her Majesty's Pay.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty, by such Members of this House, as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Council of his Royal Highness Naval Prince George, of Denmark, Lord High Admiral of Eng- xPences-land, do lay before this House, an Account of the Expences of die Ordinary of the Navy for Two Years, ending the last Day of December next.

m

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, Ordnance of the Expence of the Office of Ordnance for Sea and Estimates. Land Service, for the Years 1702 and 1703.

Ordered, That an Abstract be laid before this House, of the last Remains of the Stores, taken in the Office of Ordnance.

Ordered, That an Estimate for Land Service in the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1704, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Account, Abstract, and Estimate, be laid before this House by the principal Officers of the Ordnance.

...a — ..... ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Maidstone

. That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of Wnt-Martis, 16° die roovembns; the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing Two Anno 2° Ann® Regime.Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Jio-3 rough of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, in the room

Prayers. of Sir Thomas R obarts, Baronet, and Sir R obert Alai's ham,

Til E Order of the Day being read, for the House to Knight and Baronet, whose Elections have been declared resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, void;

It

York West

Hiding

Registry.

Treaties of

Coalition

Acc.

3 Ann tf — x90

It passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next. Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 19 die Anno 2° Annas Regina.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Justices of the Peace, and G rand Juries at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, held at IVakcfield, for the West Riding of the County of

York, the jth Day of October, Anno Domini 1703, and in the Second Year of her present Majesty's Reign, and after, by Adjournment, at Pontes ract, the 12th Day of October aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that most of the Traders in the said Riding are Freeholders, dealing in the Cloth Manufacture, and have frequent Occasions to borrow Money upon their Estates, lor managing their Trades; but, for want of a Register, find it difficult to give Security, to the Satisfaction of those who have Money to lend; by Means whereof, whole Families have been ruined, and many other Inconveniencies daily happen, not only to the said Traders, but to the said Riding in general, which might, as the Petitioners conceive, be remedied by a Register: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for the publick registering of all Conveyances, Mortgages, or other Securities, that shall hereafter be made, of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the said West Riding.

Ordered, That Ixave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that tire Lord Marquis of Hartingtonand Sir John Kay do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Secretary Hedges acquainted the House, that their Address having been presented to her Majesty, that she would be graciously pleased to cause such Treaties to be laid before the House, as were not laid before them the last Session of Parliament, her Majesty had commanded him to lay the same before the House: And he presented the same to the House accordingly.

And the Titles thereof were read, and are, as follow; viz. Copies of the original Treaties; and A Translation of the Convention for Augmentation, the 1.5th of March, 1703.

A Translation of the Convention between the States of Holland and the Bishop of Munster, the 13th of March,

1703;

A Translation of the Convention with Holstein, for Troops, the 15th of-March, N. S. 1702-3, and the separate Articles.

A Translation of the Treaty with the Duke of Sax Gotha, for Troops, the 27th of March, 1703.

A Translation of the Capitulation with llesse CasseU, the 31st of March, 1703.

A Translation of the Treaty with the Elector Palatine, for Troops, to 27th of May, 1703.

A Translation of the Treaty with the Elector of Hanover and Duke of Cell, the of November, 1703.

A Copy of the Treaty for Troops of Luncnbourg, for the Year 1704.

A Copy of the defensive Treaty with Portugal, the 12th of July, 1703; and a Translation of the same.

A Copy of the offensive Treaty with Portugal, the 12th of July, 1703; and a Translation of the same.

And the Translations of the said Treaties are, as follow; viz.

N I. The said Translation of the Convention for Twenty thousand Men, Augmentation, 15 March, 1703. WHEREAS the Queen of Great Britain, and the Lords the States General of the United Provinces of the Law Countries, have thought fit to augment‘their Land Forces to Twenty Thousand Men more than they had the last Campaign, to act jointly against the common Enemy, they have believed it necessary to agree thereon in the following Manner; viz.

Vox.. 14.

Novembris\ 2 i 5

The said 20,000 Men shall be raised, of agreed for, where it may be done; on Condition, that the Four Regiments, that is, Three of Foot, and One of Dragoons, that the said States have already raised at Liege, and those: they have transacted for with foreign Princes, viz. Three Battalions of his Highness the Bishop and Prince of Minister, One Battalion of the Bishop of Osnabrug, and One Battalion of the Prince df East Friesland, shall be comprehended in that Number; as likewise Six Regiments of Foot, which the Queen of Great Britain shall give of her own Subjects, without any Levy-money, and which she shall older to be transported into this Country at her owrt' Charges; where they shall serve upon the English Pay: That the said Queen, and the said States, shall pay each their Moiety of the Levy-money, and other Charges, of the Troops, that shall be raised, or negotiated, as aforesaid; and as to the Pay of the said 20,000 Men, comprehending therein the Six Regiments of Foot before-mentioned, upon the Foot of the English Pay, they shall divide it between them the best they can, each charging himself with a Moiety of the said Pay: And they shall together have the Disposal of them, and employ them, as the Occasion of the War shall require, and as the Generals on both Sides shall find necessary, as was practised the last Campaign in relation to the foreign Forces, which the said Queen and the said States had in common between them. This Convention shall be ratified, and the Ratifications shall be exchanged in Three Weeks time, or sooner, if it may be. In Testimony whereof, we the under-written Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Queen of Great Britain, and the Deputies of the said Lords the States General, have signed these Presents, and sealed them with the Seals of our Arms, at the Hague, the 15th of March, 1703.

II. The said Translation of the Convention, made between the Deputies of the Suites General, in behalf of the Queen of Great Britain and the said States General of the United Provinces, of the one Part, and his Highness the Bishop and Prince of of the other.

1.

HIS Highness will moreover furnish the States General with Two thousand Four Hundred Men, consisting of Three Battalions, of Eight Companies each, and each Company of One Hundred Men, in the same Manner, and on the same Foot, as those are, which his Highness has already put into the Service of the States General.

2.

That 2,400 Men shall be good Troops, well cloathed and armed, and provided with all Necessaries.

3-

His Highness will order the saidTroopsto march as soon as possible, and engages, they shall arrive on the Frontier of the States towards the End of this Instant March.

4-

The said Battalions, being arrived on the Frontiers, shall be received there by a Commissary, authorized to that Purpose; and they shall take the Oath of Fidelity to the States, in the same Manner, as the other 2,000 Men have done; and a Month's Pay shall then be advanced to them, by way of Loan.

'The said Three Battalions shall be regularly paid, on the same Foot as the States General pay their owq Troops, and shall be placed upon good Pay-offices, and even on that of the Province of Holland, as far as the Constitution of the State, and the Disposition of the Revenues, will permit; and their Payment shall be speedily made, and in the mean time they shall be provisionally paid by the Pay-office of the Union at the; and in case any of the Officers, or Soldiers, of the Troops of his Highness arc taken Prisoners, they shall be claimed, ransomed, or exchanged for those of the Enemy, in the same Manner, as' the States own Troops are.

6.

The Pay and Entertainment of the iaid Battalions shall commence the 25th of thi# Instant March, and shall

t

Treaties of Chalition,

€C»

i m i 90 Nevembris. A. 1703,

shall be advanced, as is said in the 4th Article; so that the Second Month ah ll commence the 7th of May, which shall be paid the 25th of June.

7

- The E traordinaries, for Forage, Bread-Waggons, feecruity, Quarters, Profits, and the like, shall punctually be paidj and on the same Foot as to the other Auxiliary Troops.


If his Royal Highness shall think fit to put at the Head

of the said Troops any of his Generals,he shall serve in the Army of the States, and in Detachments that shall be made from the Army; and he shall take his Turn according to his Rank, and shall receive, besides the usual Pay, and other Advantages, of a Colonel and Captain, the extraordinary Allowance of other Generals, according to his Post.

.. . 9-

j And, that the said General may take better Care of the Preservation of all the Troops of his Highness, these last shall be joined, in case of Action, with the other Two thousand Men, which were given to the States the Year before, so far as the Occasions of the War shall require, and permit; and they shall not be sent to the Upper Shine, whilst the Lower Rhine, and consequently the Frontiers

of the Bishoprick of Munster, remain exposed to Danger; but, the Danger being over, the said Troops shall be employed, where the Occasions of the War shall require, qnder the Command of the General in Chief, as was Stipulated by the 4th Article of the former Treaty of the 17th October, 1701.

10.

It shall be lawful to raise Recruits in the Dominions of his Highness, not only for the said 2,400 Men, but likewise for the Regiments, which his Highness has already put into the Service of the States.

11.

The vacant Places of the Officers shall he filled up by his Highness; but he shall first acquaint the Council of State with their Names, that they may be entered upon the Lists; and be shall have regard, as far as may be, to the Recommendation of the States, according to their Resolution of the 4th of August, 1702.

12.

The. Troops shall preserve their jurisdiction, and shall cause Justice to be done, according to their Customs, by their own Officers, and People, appointed for that Purpose. Sentences of Death, as well as those for depriving an Officer of his Place, and Honour, shall hot be put in Execution, until they are approved, as it was agreed for the Troops of Hanover, except only for Crimes of State; in which Case, the Criminal shall be judged by the ordi-pary Course of Justice, One Third Part of the Officers of his Highness being admitted to be of the Court-martial.

»3-

The States General grant, on their Part, to his Royal Highness a Gratuity of Sixty thousand Crowns, or One hundred Fifty thousand Guilders, current Dutch Money; w hereof One Half shall be paid on the Exchange of the Ratifications, and the other Two Mouths after.

H.

His Highness intending to employ the best Part of his Troops for the Good and Defence of the common Cause, the States further promise to secure the Dominions of his Highness against any Insult, Invasion, Violence, and Hostility, from any body, upon what Pretence soever, either by employing their good Offices, or by Force of Arms, in case it cannot otherwise be done; his Highness promising, on the other Side, to enter into the grand Alliance, concluded between lib Imperial Majesty, his late Majesty the King of Great Britain, and the States General, the 7th Sept. 1701, and that his Quota of the Empire shall not be included in these 4,400 Men: And he shall be admitted into the grand Alliance, by Acts of Accession, and Reception, which shall be delivered on the exchanging the Ratifications of this Treaty, as it was practised with the other confederate Princes, who came into the said grand Alliance.

L>

And it being agreed by the 5th Article of the Convention, concluded 17 October, 1701, that, in case his Highness should engage himself to furnish a greater Body of Troops, upon other Terms than those mentioned in the said Convention, as to what concerns the prompt Payment, and other Advantages, in that Case the 2,000 Men, that are already in the States Service, shall make Part of them, and shall intirely be freed of the Conditions above-mentioned of the said Treaty, to enter into those, that shall be afterwards agreed on; this Article shall take place immediately, and the said 2,000 Men shall afterwards enjoy all the Advantages contained in this present Convention, with respect to prompt Payment in the Provinces, on which they shall be placed or assigned, without being liable to any other Deductions, than such, as are made to the other Auxiliary Troops, that have covenanted for prompt Payment; the rest of the aforesaid Convention of 17th October, 1701, remaining intire, and in full Force and Vigour, in all its Points, Clauses, and Articles, that are not hereby altered, as if it was inserted here Word for Word.

16.

This Convention shall be ratified on both Sides, and the Ratifications exchanged at the Hague, within the Space of Fifteen Days after it is signed, or sooner, if possible. In Witness whereof, we, the Deputies of the said States General, of the one Part, and the Counsellor and Plenipotentiary of his Highness the Bishop and Prince of Munster, [of the other] have hereunto put our Hands and Seals.at the Hague, the 13th March, 1703.

Signed,

(L. S.) D. V. E. AT. Pant, Hr. V. Gent. (L. S.)

(L. S.) H, Bleuswiick.

(L. S.) A. Heinsius.

(L. S.) IV. dc Nassau.

(L. S.) D. Van Veithuysen.

(L S.) Du Tour.

(L. S.) Ar. Lemker.

(L.S.) J. De Drcuws.

The separate Articles with Munster.

WHEREAS, it was agreed by the 8th Article of the Convention, made the 17th October, 1701, that the States should cause to be paid to his Highness of Munster, for the Year 1703, a Gratuity of 40,000 Crowns, and that that Sum should be continued to him every Year, as long as he should supply the States General with the 2,000 Men agreed for; the States do promise, by these Presents, to continue to his Highness that Gratuity of 40,000 Crowns, Holland's Money, yearly, as long. as the said

2,000 Men shall remain in the States Service; and they shall be paid every Three Months, without fail.

2.

The States particularly promise to use their good Offices with her Majesty the Queen of Great Britain, in order to procure to his Highness the Payment of the Arrear of Subsidy from that Crown; and if her Majesty will negotiate Money in Holland, by way of Loan, upon die Guaranty of the States General, they will endeavour to make it a Condition, that those Arrears shall be paid out of the said Loan.

3-

These Articles shall be of the same Force and Virtue, as those of the Convention, concluded this Day, between the States General and his Highness of and shall be alike ratified on both Sides; and the Ratifications shall be exchanged at die Hague in Fifteen Days time, or sooner, if it be possible. In Witness whereof, we, the Deputies of the Lords the States General, on the one Side, and the Counsellor and Plenipotentiary of his Highness of Munster,on the other, have signed and sealed

these Presents at the Hague, 3 March, 1703.

N III. The Translation of the Convention between her Majesty the Queen of Great Britain and the States General of the United Provinces, of the one Part, and his Highness the Duke of of the other.

THE Queen of Great Britain, and the States General of the United Provinces, shall renew, as they do

hereby

4 AnM.‘ I96 M'ovembriL

hereby renew, Guarantee of the Treaties of Alieva, of the 20th of June, 1689, and of of 18 August,

1700; so that nothing may be done to the contrary, especially, in case the Dominions of his Highness shall be attacked for giving his Troops to the Confederates-.

2.

His Highness shall furnish the said Queen of Great Britain and the Stages Genei'al with Two.RegimerttS of Dragoons, of 561 Men each, and Two Regiments of Foot, of 881 Men each, including the Officers, well mounted, cloathed, and armed.

3-

The, said Queen and the said States General shall pay to his Highness One hundred thousand Crowns, at the Hague, or at Amsterdam; one Half within Fifteen Days from the Ratification of this present Treaty, and the Other, upon the Arrival of the said Four Regiments on the Frontiers of the States of the United Provinces, as a Compensation for the Augmentation of the said Regiments, and the Expence his Highness is obliged to undergo.

4-

The Two Regiments of Dragoons shall begin their March 26 April, or sooner, if possible; and the Two Regiments of Foot shall embark at on the

20th, or thereabouts; when her Majesty the Queen of Great Britain and the States General shall send, thither, at their own Charge, a sufficient Number of Transport Ships, with a Convoy for the Security of their Passage. The Payment of both shall commence only from the Day they shall arrive on the Frontiers, and in the Harbours of the States; and it shall be assigned upon good pay Offices, and be made as speedily, as that of the Troops of Hanover and C$U, which have covenanted prompt Payment; and, as for the rest, thdy shall be allowed Waggons, Recruits, and other Advantages, which are enjoyed by the aforesaid Troops.

5-

Each Regiment, upon their Arrival on the Frontiers, or in the Harbours of the States, shall receive a Months Pay of Six Weeks, for their March.

6.

Among the Colonels of the said Four Regiments a Major-general may be appointed, who shall be allowed the same Pay, and other Advantages, on the same Foot with those of the States; and who shall serve, and take his Turn, according to his Rank.

7-

The said Four Regiments shall be employed in the Field, and shall serve in the same Army, and in the same Body, without being detached separately; and, to facilitate the raising of Recruits, they shall have their Winter Quarters on the Macs, the Rhine, or in other Places nearest to the Dominions of his Highness, as far forth as Conveniency, and the Occasions of the War, will permit.

8:

The said Troops, with their Officers, shall be obliged to take an Oath of Fidelity to the said Queen, and the said States General; which shall be administered by their Commissaries, who shall muster the Dragoons, when they pass the Elb, and the Foot, when they embark.

9.

His Highness shall fill up the vacant Places of Officers, but shall immediately acquaint the Queen's General, and the Council of State, respectively, with their Names, how they are filled up, that they may be entered upon the Lists; and his Highness will have Regard to the Recommendation of the said Queen, and of the said States, as far as may be. The said Four Regiments shall have their Courts Martial separately, and Justice shall be done by their own Officers, and People appointed for that Purpose, unless it be for a Crime, that concerns directly the Service of the said Queen, and of the said States General, in Cases of Treason, Cowardice, or the like; in which Cases the Criminal shall be judged in the ordinary Course of Justice, a third Part of the Officers of his Highness being nevertheless admitted into the Court Martial.

Vol. 14.

..id... v. ' Treaties o

It shall be lawful for the Officers. of the said Fobr Coalition Regiments to raise their Recruits in the Dominions of "c his Highness.

11.

The said Four Regiments shall, remain , in the Servide of the said Queen, and the said States General, during this present War; and when they shall be dismissed, after the Peace, they shall receive Two current Months Pay bf 12 Months in the Year, for their Return, besides Recruit-money, at 60 Crowns for every Dragoon, and 25 Crowns for every Foot Soldier, for so many Men,'as the Officers shall prove to have been lost by tlte Enemy; who shall, nevertheless, be answerable to his Highness for what Men may be then wanting in the said Regiments.

.; . 12. ....

In case his Highness should be attacked in his own Dominions,'the said Four Regiments shall be sent, back to him; and the like shall be done, in case the King of Sweden should be attacked in Pomerania by any State, or Pripce, which he had not first attacked; provided, that, in this last Case, his Highness shall be obliged to repay for every Dragoon bo Crowns, and for every Foot Soldier 25 Crown3, for so many, as his Highness s'liajl recall, before they are permitted to march:; But, in Casje his Highness may also give in Payment what shall be d e to his Troops, either for Waggon-tnoney, Recruits, otherwise, his Highness engages himself to send them back, as soon as Danger is over, and he shall be required so to do; and, in this Case, his Highness shall bp reimbursed the Money agreed upon for every Dragoon and Foot Soldier, which his Highness was obliged to pay, when he recalled them, and made them come back.

, 13- ,

The Exchange of die Ratifications of this Convention shall be made within the Space of Three Weeks, or sooner, if possible. In Witness whereof, we, the Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of her Majesty of Great Britain, and the Deputies of the States General, and Lieutenant-general and Plenipotentiary of his, Highnes? the Duke of Holstein Gottorp, have put our Hands an l Seals to this present Convention, at the Hague, the 15 March, 1703.

Alexander Stanhope, (L. S.) D. V. Pant. J. G.

Bernier. H. V. Ghent. (L.S.)

(L. S.) B. H

(L. S.) A. Heinsius.

(L. S,) D. V.

(L. S.) Du (L. S.) Mulert.

(L. S.) J. de Drews.

The separate Articles.

.. THE Subjects, of the Duchy of Sleswick, not being Members of the Empire, and consequently not comprehended in this present War, they shall have a Freedom of Trade, on the same Foot as the Subjects of the King of Denmark have.

2.

Deserters , of the Troops of the said Queen, and of the said States, that shall be in the said Four Regiments, upoit their Arrival on the Frontiers of the said States, shall not be called to an Account, nor claimed, except only such as may desert after signing this present Treaty.

3-

The Arrears of Subsidies of the last War shall be paid within 15, Days after signing this present Treaty, which is to be understood for what is due by the United Provinces; and a Time shall be fixed, for receiving the first Payment of Part of the Arrears of Subsidies due by England, whereof the Sum may be agreed upon in separate Articles.

4-

The W'ar being at an End, and the States thinking fit to send back the Troops, their Pay shall nevertheless run on, till the Day that they shall leave the States Frontiers; and this shall not be deducted out of the Two Months Pay, covenanted by the Eleventh Article of this present

3 I Treaty,

Yrcatiei of

Coalition

&c.

218 190 Novemb. A. 1703.

Treaty, for the Return of the said Troops. In Witness whereof, we, the underwritten Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of h&r Majesty the Queen of Great Britain, and Deputies of the States General, and Lieutenant-general and Plenipotentiary of his Highness the Duke of Holstein Gottorp, have put our Hands and Seals to these separate Articles, at the the 15 March,

1 03-

Alexander Stanhope (L. S.) D. V. Eck. V. Pant. J. G.

Bonier. (L. S.) H. V . Ghent. (L. S.)

(L. S.) B. Van

(L. S.) A. Heinsius.

(L. S.) V.

(L. S.) Da Tour.

(L. Si) H. Mulert.

(L. S.) de Drews.

N° IV. The Translation of the Treaty with the Duke

of Sax Gotha, for Troops, the 27th of March, 1703.

THE Duke of Sax Gotha having signified to the King bf Prussia his Desires, that the Two Regiments of Dragoons, and Two of Foot, that have been some time engaged in his Majesty's Service, may be discharged, in order to enter into the Service of her Majesty the Queen of Great Britain, and their High Mightinesses the States General of the United Provinces, his Majesty of Prussia, being moved by his Zeal for the Interest of the common Cause, was very willing to comply with the Request: Whereupon a Negotiation having been set on Foot between her said Majesty of Great Britain, their High Mightinesses, and his most serene Highness, they have agreed upon the following Conditions:

1st.

These Troops shall consist of Two Regiments of Dragoons, and Two of Foot. The Regiments of Dragoons shall have each Six Troops, and each Troop 72 Men, when complete; each Regiment, together with the Field Officers, making 446 Men, and 468 Horses. The Regiments of Foot shall be composed of 12 Companies each, with 70 Men, when complete? and adding the 14 Field Officers, there will be in each Regiment 854 Men, and in both together 1,708: So the Total of Dragoons and Foot will be 2,600 Men.

2.

These Forces shall be well clothed, and well armed; and the Dragoons furnished with good Horses, mounted and equipped like Light Morse.

3-

The Queen of Great Britain and the States shall pay for Levy-money, in Dutch Money, for each Dragoon 70 Crowns, including the Drums, and 25 Crowns for each Foot Soldier in the Ranks, including the Drums; one Half of which shall be paid Eight Days after the Ratification, and the rest Eight Days after the Troops have been reviewed.

4-

The said Queen and States shall give these Regiments, and their Field Officers, a Month's Pay down, for their March, according to the Establishment, Eight Days after the Ratification of the said Convention, and that they are actually upon their March.


The Pay of the said Regiments shall commence as soon as they shall have been reviewed at Cologne, or upon the Frontiers of the States, as the said Queen and States shall chuse; where they shall be by the 23th of April.

6.

The said Queen oiGreat Britain, and the States, may please to appoint Commissaries, who shall receive these Troops at Cologne, or upon the Frontiers, and give them the Oath of Fidelity.

7-

The said Regiments shall be regularly paid, upon the same Foot as the other foreign Troops are; viz. the States Half upon the Spot, where they shall be; which Half shall arise out of good Funds, and be placed upon the Province of Holland, as much a6 the Disposition of the States, and the Course of their Revenues, will permit; and the said Queeri shall make monthly Payments.

8.

The said Queen and States shall pay the said Regiments every Year their Allowance for W aggons; and they shall have all Advantages, that are, or shall be, granted to other foreign Troops and Regiments.

9-

The Queen of Great Britain and the States may keep these Troops in their Service, as long as this War lasts.

10.

When, after a Peace is made with the Crowns of France and Spain, the said Queen and States would send home the said Troops, his Highness the Duke shall have Two Months Notice, before they are upon their March homeward; and they shall be paid all Orders for Arrears, of what Nature soever, before they are dismissed.

11.

When the said Queen and States shall send back the said Troops, in thi> Case they shall receive a Month's Pay for their Return, before they begin to march.

12.

In case of Vacancies in the said Regiments, his Highness shall fill up the Vacancies of Officers, as his Highness does in the Regiments of Horse, that the States had of him in the Year 1689; but he shall first acquaint the Queen's General, and the States Deputies, with their Names, according to the Precedency of the said Regiments, that they may be put upon their Lists; and lie shall have regard, as much as may be, to the Recommendation of the said Queen and States.

3-

If any Men, or Horses, of the said Regiments, shall be killed in the Service of the War, the said Queen and States shall pay the Officers Recruit-money, the same as they do to other foreign Troops.

M-

His most serene Highness shall make levies every Year in his Dominions, to recruit the said Regiments.

15-

In case, at reviewing the said Regiments upon the States Frontiers, there shall be some Deserters found, that had served the said States before their Placart of general Pardon, they shall not be demanded, but included in the said Placart

' 16.

If his Majesty the King of Prussia, and his Highness the Duke, should be attacked in their Dominions by any Prince, or State, that the Allies are not at War with, and his Highness should be thereupon obliged to recall the said Troops, they shall be sent back, without any Scruple, after the States have had Two Months Notice beforehand; and the Levy-money, that shall have been paid, shall be returned, before they are dismissed.

The said Queen and States consent, that his Highness may put a Brigadier over these Troops, to take the more Care of them.

18.

The Queen of Great Britain, and the States, shall take care to send Letters to the Princes and States of the Empire, through whose Dominions these Troops are to pass in their March towards the States Frontiers, for their Permission.

19-

The present Convention shall be ratified, and the Ratifications exchanged on both Sides in Fifteen Days, or Three Weeks at farthest, reckoning from the Day of the Signing, and sooner, if it is possible. In Witness w'here-otj we, the Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of her Majesty of Great Britain, the Deputies of the Lords the States General, and the Envoy Extraordinanr and Plenipotentiary of his Highness the Duke of Sax Gotha, have signed this Convention, and sealed the same, at the Hague, the 27th of March, 1703.

N V-

4

Ann.

19° Novembris.

319

N V. The Translation of the Capitulation, made between the Queen of Great Britain and their High and Mightinesses the Lords the States General of the United Provinces, on the one Part, and his most serene Highness the Landgrave on the other Part, concerning a Regiment of Foot, that his said most serene Highness promises to join to a Cody of 9,000 of his Men.

1 st.

HI S most serene Highness shall furnish the said Queen, and the said Lords the States General, with an old Regiment of Foot, which shall consist of 10 Companies, according to the List hereunto annexed, and each Company of 80 Men, besides its Field and Staff Officers.

2.

This Regiment shall be made up of good and sightly Men, well exercised, clothed, and armed; and they shall have all things necessary for them.

3-

The said Queen and States shall pay Levy-money for the said Regiment, 25 Crowns a Head, Dutch Money, -which makes in all Twenty-one thousand Crowns; which Money shall be paid, one Half at the Ratification of this Agreement, and the other Half Three Months after the Ratification of it

4.

The Regiment shall be paid regularly, according to the forementioned Establishment Half by the said Queen, and Half by the States, upon the Foot that the States pay their own Troops, and as punctually as the foreign Troops of other Princes; and never to be above Three Months in Arrear.

5 t

The Pay of this Regiment shall begin Eight Weeks before the Day that it enters on the States Frontiers, or the Place where they shall be ordered, either for the Service, or otherwise; where they shall immediately be mustered by the Commissaries of the Queen of Great Br itain and the States; and they shall take the Oath of Fidelity to the said Queen, and the States General.

6.

As to the 'recruiting the said Regiment, Money for Waggons, Equipage, and Other Gratuities for the Service, the sending them hack, after an Agreement or Peace be made, the recalling them, and the free Disposal of them, the Queen and the States shall do all and every thing, in the same Manner, as they do with his most serene High-hess's other Nine thousand Men, and as it is expressed in the 5th, 6th, 7th, 8th, 9th, 10th, and 11th Articles of the Convention, made at the Hague the 7th of February, 1702, between her Majesty the Queen of Great Britain and the States, on the one Part, and his most serene Highness, on the other, concerning a Body of Nine thousand Men; and all the torementioned Articles shall be of the same Force and Virtue, as if they were inserted here Word by Word.

7

His most serene Highness shall have the making the Officers of the said Regiment, and likewise the tilling up the Vacancies with new ones, upon the Foot of the first Article of the separate Articles of the said Convention.

8.

As to the military Discipline, they shall make use of the same as the Nine thousand Men do.

9-

This Regiment shall serve with the Body of 9,000 Men, and continue joined with them, as much as the Occasions of the War will permit.

10.

The said Lords the States General shall send Letters to the several Princes, through whose Territories they are to pass.

This Agreement shall be ratified, and the Ratifications exchanged here at the Hague in Three Weeks, or sooner, if it is possible. In Witness whereof, we, the underwritten Envoy Extraordinary of the Queen of Great , and the Deputies of the States General, and Envoy Extraor-Vo i 14.

dinary of his Highness the Landgrave of Hesse Cassell, Treatin of have concluded, signed, and sealed with the Seals of our Coalition, Arms, this present Capitulation, made at the Hague, the c‘

31st of March, 1703.

The Regiment of Foot, mentioned in the foregoing Treaty, is to consist of Ten Companies, of 87 Men each.

The List mentioned in the Treaty.

The Field and Staff Officers of the Regiment.

Persons. A Month of A long Month

30 Days. of 42 Days.

1 Colonel --- 300 o

1 Lieutenant Colonel - 100 o

1 Serjeant Major of the Regi- 7 g0 0

ment - - - - j

1 Adjutant - - - 40 o

1 Auditor - - - 34 5

1 Minister - - - 32

1 Surgeon Major - - 183

1 Waggon-master - - 18 o

1 Drum Major - - 14 10

6 Hautboys 73 o

1 Provost - - - 20 o

1 Provost's Man - - - 9 9

1 Quarter-master of the Re--)

ment - J 5

Total for Field and Staff Officers 790 9 1,106 12 o

One Company of this Regiment.

A long Month of 42 Days.

2. Captain and his Man -

2. Lieutenant, and his Man 2. Ensign, and his Man

2 Serjeants 1 Quarter-master -1 Captain of Arms -1 Surgeon

3 Corporals, at 15 5

1 Agent -

2 Drums 70 Foot Soldiers -

Regiment of Foot -

158 O

53 0

48 0

48 0

17 10

7 10

»7 10

47 5

12 5

24 0

857 10

1,300 10

:s of this

14,111120

N VI. The Translation of the Treaty, made between her Majesty the Queen of Great Britain, and the States General of the United Provinces, on the one Part, and his Highness the Elector Palatine, on the other, for the keeping of Four Battalions of Foot.

1.

HIS Electoral Highness engages to furnish her Majesty the Queen of Great and the States

General of the United Provinces, with a Body of Foot, of 2,600 Men, that shall form Four Battalions, according to the State hereunto annexed.

2.

The said Four Battalions shall be complete, well armed and clothed, in the same Manner, as the other Regiments of Foot are, which his Electoral Highness has in the Service of the States, within the Space of Two1 Months after the signing of this Treaty.

3-'

Instead of Levy-money for the said Four Battalions, her Majesty and the States shall pay his Electoral Highness, at the Hague, or Amsterdam, the Sum of- 40,000 Crowns, at Two Payments -, the first in 15 Days after the Ratification of this Treaty, and the second in Three Months after; and they shall continue the same Payment of 40,000 Crowns a Y'ear, by way of Subsidy, by quarterly Payments, as long as the said Forces shall remain in her Majesty's and the States Service.

4. Her

Treaties of

Coalition,

&c.

190 Novembfh. Jl, i 7 o $.

-Mer Majesty ami the States agree, that the said Four battalions,shall 'march towards the Upper Rhine, together with his Electoral Highness' other Troops, which are in the States Service, to make the Campaign there, and to continue there till the First of April next Year; and they shall not go from thence, tb march towards Bavaria, or the Upper Palatinate, or any-where else, without the Knowledge and Consent of her Majesty, and the States.

5-

In Consideration of an additional Subsidy of 2,500 Crowns a Month, making Thirty thousand Crowns a Year, which her Majesty and the States are to pay his Electoral Highness to commence from the Day of the Ratification, as that of the other 40,000 Crowns doe3, his Electoral Highness undertakes to maintain the said Four Battalions till the Time appointed in the 7th Article, according to the Establishment of his own Troops, as likewise to recruit them, after the Campaign is over; so that, for the said 2,500 Crowns a Month, her Majesty, and the States, shall be discharged from any Pay, or other Pretensions, either for Waggons, Forage, Hospitals, Recruits, Rewards, or any Pretence whatsoever; his Electoral Highness taking upon himself, for that Time, all in general, and without Exception.

6.

The said Four Battalions shall march the First of April next Year, 1704, to the Number of 2,600 Men, towards the Frontiers of the States.

7\

The Four Battalions marching the First of April next Year, according to the foregoing Article, her Majesty and the States engage to begin to pay them Fifteen Days after, according to the Establishment annexed, in the same Manner, as they pay other foreign Troops in their Pay; and they shall enjoy all the Profits and Advantages, viz. of Waggons, Forage, Bread, Recruit-money, and the like Gratuities, as the other Troops of the States receive; her Majesty paying one Half, and the States the other.

8.

It shall be in his Electoral Higness' Choice to make a Brigadier, to command the said Body; who shall have the same Privileges and Advantages, as the Brigadiers of the States, and shall take place of them, according to Seniority.

9-

After the Campaign is ended, the said Four Battalions shall be put into good Winter Quarters, as near one another as may be, and likewise in his Electoral Highness' Countries lying along the Rhine, and towards the Moselle at least, if the Necessities of the War do not otherwise require.

10.

Her Majesty and the States may have the stud Four Battalions reviewed, as often as they see Occasion.

11.

The said Four Battalions shall be employed in the Campaign, and serve in the same Army, or in the same Corps, with his Electoral Highness' other Troops in the States Pay, without separating them, unless the Necessities or Occasions of the War require it.

12.

His Electoral Highness shall fill up the Vacancies of Officers, that shall happen; but shall acquaint the General of her Majesty's Forces, and the States Deputies, with their Names, that shall fill them up, that they may be put upon their Lists; and lie shall have Regard, as much as may be, to the Recommendation of the said General, and such as shall be given by the States.

13-

The said Four Battalions shall have their own Courts Martial, and Justice shall be administered by their own Officers, and Persons appointed for that Purpose, excepting when they commit any Crimes, in which the Service of her Majesty, or the States, is directly concerned, as in case of Treason, Cowardice, and the like; wherein the Criminal shall be judged by the ordinary Course of

Justice, his Electoral Highness s Officers being nevertheless admitted to make one Third of the Court Martial.

14.

The Officera of the said l our Battalions shall be permitted to make their Recruits in the Dominions of his Electoral Highness.

15.

When the said Four Battalions are to be sent home, her Majesty and the States shall give his Electoral Highness Two Months Notice ofit before-hand; and their Pay shall be continued to the Day they leave the Frontiers of the States; and they shall have a Month's Pay besides, consisting of 42 Days, for their Rctum, over and above the Money for Recruits, at the Rate of 25 Crowns a Man, for as many Heads, as the Officers shall certify to have been lost in Battle; who shall answer to his Electoral Highness for the rest, that shall be then, wanting to the Regiments; but the Payment of the said Money, for Recruits, shall not be made, in case there be a Peace before the First of April next Year.

16.

The Deserters on both Sides, that shall be found in the said Body, when they pass the first Review, shall not be looked after, rror claimed, those excepted, who shall have deserted after the signing of this Treaty.

.17-

Tiie present Convention shall be ratified, and the Ratifications exchanged on both Sides, in 15 Days, or Three Weeks at farthest, reckoning from the Day of the signing, and sooner, if it is possible. In Witness whereof, we, the Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of her Majesty the Queen of Great Britain, and the Deputies of the Lords the States General, on one Part, and the Plenipotentiary of his Highness the Elector Palatine, on the other, have signed this Convention, and sealed the same, at the Hague, the 17th May, 1703.

Alex Stanhope. (L S.) D. V.Ech. Pant. Baron -

binder. (L. S.) H. Ghent. (LS.)

(L. S.) Joost Van Heemskerck,

(L. S.) A. Iieimius.

(L. S.) JV. rife Nassau.

(L. St) G. V. Demburgh.

(L. S.) Da Tour.

(L. S.) B. V. I Velv

(L. S.) IV.V. Borck.

N VII. The Translation of the Treaty, concluded between her Majesty the Queen of Great,

and their Highnesses the Elector and Duke of Brunswick Lunenburgh.

[ THE Convention, concluded between her Majesty (he Queen of Great Britain, and their Highnesses the ' Elector and Duke of Brunswick ,] the 16 of

November, 1702, for a Succour of Ten thousand Men, [being] nearly expired, both Parties have agreed to continue the said Treaty upon the following Conditions:

1st

Her Majesty will continue to pay and entertain the Troops of their Highnesses, which shall remain in her Service the next Year 1704, 700 Horse, in Two'

Regiments, and 8,525 Foot, in Eleven Regiments, according to the Establishment hereunto annexed, being on the Foot of the Troops, which their Highnesses have in the Service of the States General, as well for their ordinary Pay, as for the extraordinary Contingencies, which, for a long Month of Six Weeks, or 42 Days, together with the 1,050 Florins a Month, which her Majesty pays for the Expences of the Hospital, according to theabovesaid Establishment, annexed to this Treaty, will make the Sum 192,762 Livies 4rl. Holland's Money; which shall be regularly paid at Rotterdam, from Fortnight to Fortnight. And since the Payment, which is regulated by the aforesaid first Convention, ends with this Year, according to the New Stile, the Payment of this

The Words, inclosed in Crotchets, are omitted in the Journal, and are supplied from the Translation of this Treaty, presented to the House.

now

J L.A

i Ann.

i 9° Novembris.

221

new Convention shall commence with the First Day of the pext Year 1704, and shall continue to the last Day of the -tame; and these Troops shall enjoy, in every thing else, the same Advantages, Benefits, Profits, and Conveniences, as the States allow to their own Troops.

2

Her Majesty paying the Horse, according to the Fourth Article, only on the foot of Two Regiments, of 700 Horse, notwithstanding the re is a much greater Number, which aie paid only as Foot, it is agreed on both Sides, that their Highnesses may, whenever they please, change for Foot the Number of Horse, which are over and above the said Two Regiments, which, together, make 700 Horse. And the said Body of Troops shall not be separated in the Field, to serve in different Annies; nor be quartered, or put into Garrisons, in Flanders, or other Maritime Places.

3-

Their Highnesses reserve to themselves the Liberty to withdraw these Troops, either all, or Part of them, in case they are attacked, or that there is evident Danger of their being so, in the Countries they possess: And her Majesty consents to this Reservation; and, to facilitate their Retreat in such-like Cases, they shall be as little remote from the Lower Rhine as is possible.

4

The Deserters may be reciprocally reclaimed, and shall be faithfully sent back, without any Restitution of Costs or Expences. And whereas it often happens, that there are Disputes, whether the Persons reclaimed, may be reputed Deserters, or not, there shall be no need of other Proofs, or Form of Process, than that such Sort of People ere found in other Bodies, without Discharges in Writing from their Commanders.

5-

This Convention being made only for the next Year, early Care shall be taken for prolonging the same; but if that should not happen, the Troops shall be sent back the 1,5th November, without deducting any thing out of the Entertainment, stipulated for the-whole- Year in the First Article, to the end that the Remainder may serve for the Expences of their March in their Return; and therefore the Queen will cause the said Remainder to be readily paid before their Departure.

6.

The Ratification of this present Convention shall be exchanged in Four Weeks, or sooner, if it is possible. Done and signed by the Duke of MAmbassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of her Majesty the Queen of Great Britain, at , the A November,

ii 703, and :by the Baron De Plenipotentiary of

their Highnesses at the Hague.

Establishment of the Troops of Hanover and Cell, in her Majesty the Queen of Great Britain's Pay, for one long Month of Six Weeks, or 42 Days.

Eleven Regiments of Foot Field and Staff Officers of For 42 Days,

a Regiment.

1 Colonel - 393 15

1 Lieutenant-colonel 131 5

1 Major - - 105 0

1 Quarter-master - w 150 0

1 Adjutant - 90 0

1 Chaplain - 150 0

1 Auditor - 100 0

1 Surgeon Major - 80 0

1 Drum Major 20 0

5 Hautboys 6l 5

1 Provost - 4° 0

One Company.

1,32« 5 o

1 Captain - 150 0

1 Lieutenant - 70 0

1 Ensign 60 0

2 Serjeants - 48 0

3 Under Officers 73 16

1 Surgeon - -2 5 0

3 Corporals - 09 16

1 Clerk - 1J 0

2 Drums at 15. 10 16 Exempts at 14. 5 75 Centinels at 12. 5

3 Servants at 8

- 3 *

- 228 o

- 0J8 15

24 o

1,710 7 0

775 In all for one Regiment 7,750 For 10 other Regiments

8,525 Total for 11 Regiments

13,293 14 0 132,937 o o

146,230 14 0

Two Regiments of Horse.

Field and Staff Officers.

1 Colonel

1 Lieutenant-colonel J Major

1 Quarter-master l Auditor 1 Adjutant 1 Chaplain 1 Surgeon Major

1 Kettle Drum

2 Provost, and his Man

One Troop.

1 Captain 1 Lieutenant 1 Cornet 1 Quarter-master

1 Surgeon

2 Trumpets 1 Clerk

3 Corporals, at 50 46 Private Men, at 28

393

131

105

180

100

1Q0

150.

80

35

40

15

5

o

o

o

o

o

0

10

0

1,315 10 o

- 400

- 180

- 145

- 80

- 36

- 70

- 28

- 150 -1,288

o

o

o

o

o

o

0

o

o

57

285 Five other Troops, to complete

----- - the Regiment

350

Total for one Regiment 350 For another Regiment

700 Total for the Horse 8,525 Ditto for the Foot

9.225

[Total

2,377 0 JO

J 11,885 0 0

15,577 - 15,577 10 0 10 0

- 3L155 - 146,230 0 0 14 0

177,385 14 0]

,) 12,169 0 0

agreed by the last Treaty - For an Augmentation or Four Waggons for the lieutenant-general, and one for the Major-general, according to the Regulation of tire States, for Six Months, or 184 Days, in the Campaign, at 2 Livres each Waggon - - -The Pay of a Second j T; Major-general, at. 2 50 Livres a Month, makes yearly His Extraordinary for 1 6 Campaign Months, > 1,500 at 250 Livres - J For 5 Waggons, for the .7 o 1.84 Campaign Days ] '

Foran Aid de Camp his,) ordinary Allowance j For one Waggon

Livres

1,840

3,000

6,340 0 o

2,368

o c

Vo L. 14.

'f This Total is supplied from the Establishment annexed to the BWfcbtiep-of this Treaty, presented to the Mouse.

3 K For

Treaties of Coalition,

Treaties of

Coalition,

&c.

212

ip° Novenibris. . 1703.

For 2 other Aid de Camps 4,736 o o For 2 Brigadiers, each a 7 ,

Waggon - - - 1 ?3° 0 0

For 2 jVlajors of Brigade, 1 their ordinary Allow- >2,000 ance, each 1000 Livres J Each one Waggon - 736

----- 2,736

18,750 2,157 10 0 For keeping an Hospital for the) said Two Regiments of Horse, I and Eleven of Foot, the Medi- S 1,050 o o cines, and other Expences therein, comprehended - - — .....- —

Total - 192,762 4 o

N VIII. A Copy of the Treaty for Troops of bourg, for the Year 1704.

LA Convention, conclu entre sa Majeste la Reine de la Grande Bretagne, et leurs Altesses Electorale et Sere-nissime de Brunswic Lunebourg, le 16me du Mois de Novembre, 1702, pour un Secoursde Dix mille Homines, allant expirer, on est convenu de part et d' autre de la Continuation du dit Traitl pour toute 1' Annel pro-chaine, aux Conditions suivants: '

1.

Sa Majesty continuera a faire payer et entretenir les Troupes de leurs Altesses Electorale et Serenissime, qui restent dans son Service pour I' Annel prochaine 1704, a raison, de Sept cent Chevaux, en deux Regiments de Ca-vallerie, et de Huit mille Cing cent Vingt et cing Fantas-sin8, en onze Regiments d' Infanterie, scion 1' Etat cy joint, sur le Pied des Troupes, que leurs Altesses Electorale et Serenissime ont aus Service des Seigneurs Etats Generaux des Provinces Unies, tant pour les Gages ordinaires, que pour les Einolumens Extraordinaires, ce qui fera, par un long Mois de Six Semaines, ou de quarante deux Jours (y compris les Mille et Cinguante Florins, qui sa Majesty donne par Mois pour le Fra is des Hopilaux suivant le susdit Etat joint a cette Convention) la Somme de Cent nonante et deux mille Sept cent soixante et deux Francs Quatre Sols Monoye d' Hollande; qui sera payee a Rotterdam regulierement de quinze Jours en quinze Jours. Et comme le Payement, regll par la premiere Convention cy dessus allegue, finit avec cette Annel selon le nouveau Stile, le Payement de cette nouvelle Convention commencera avec le premier Jour de 1'Annie prochaine 1704, et continuera £t couler juqu' au dernier; et ces Troupes jouiront aussi dans tout le reste, sans Exception, des menu's Avantages, Benefices, Douceurs, et Comoditls, que T Etat donne a ses propres Troupes.

2.

Sa Majesty ne payant la Cavallerie, suivant T Article 4me, que sur le Pied de deux Regiments de Sept cent Chevaux, nonobstant qu' il y en a un beaucoup plus grand Nombre, qui ne passe dans le Paye que pour de T Infanterie, on est convenu de part et d' autre, que leurs Altesses Electorale et Serenissime pourront, quand il leur plaira, changer cpntre de Tlnfanterie, ce qu' il y a en Cavallerie dans ce Corps au dessus des dits deux Regiments qui font lest Sept cent Chevaux ensemble. Et on ne separera point le Corps de ces Troupes en Campagne, pour servjr en di-verses Annies; ni on ne les logera, ni ne les mettra en Garrison non plus dans la Flandre, ou autre Lieux Mari-times.

3-

Leurs Altesses Electorale et Serenissime se reservant la Libertl de retirer ccs Troupes, ou toutesou en partie, en cas qu' Us seront attaques, ou dans un Danger evident de T estre, dans les- Etats qu' ils possedent: Et sa Majestl consent it cette Reservation; et, pour faciliter leur Re-traite dans'des Cas semblahles, on les aloignera le moins qu' il sera possible du Bas Rhin.

4

La Deserteurs pourront Itre reclames reciproquement, et seront rendusde bonne foy, sans aucune Restitution de Frais ou Depenses. Et comme il arrive souvent, qu' on

dispute, si les Gens reclames peuvent etre reputls Deserteurs, ou non, on n'aura pour cela besom d' autres Preuves ou Forme de Procis, que de trouver ces Sortes des Gens dans d' autres Corps, sans Conge par ecrit de leurs Commandants.

5

Cette Convention n' etant salt que pour la seule Annie prochaine, on travaillera de bonne heure il sa Prolongation; mais si cela n' arrivoit pas, les Troupes seront ren-voylesau 15 Novembre, sans rien retrancher de T Entre-tien stipull pour toute T Annie par la premier Article, it fin que ce qui en reste puisse servir pour les Frajs de leur Marche pour retourner; et pour cela la Reine fera payer content le dit reste avant leur depart.

6.

I es Ratifications de la presente Convention seront echangles en quatre Semaines, au plutot, s'il se peut. Fait et signle par le Due de Marlborough, Ambassadeur Extraordinaire et Plenipotentiaire, &c. desa Majestl la Reine de la Grande Bretagne, it Londres ce Novembre, 1703, et par le Baron de Bothmer, Plenipotentiaire de leurs Al-tfesses Electorale et Serenissime it la Haye.

(L. S.) Le Due de Marlborough.

w

The Translation of the Treaty of a Defensive Alliance, concluded between the Queen and the States General, on one Side, and the King of ', on the

other, at Lisbon, May the 16th, 1703.

1 st Article.

THE Treaties, formerly concluded between the aforesaid Potentates, are approved, confirmed, and ratified, that they may be exactly and fully observed, except in such Matters, as shall be otherwise taken Care of, and provided for, by this Treaty; so, that a real Friendship, and firm Union of Minds, may be established, and flourish, between their Kingdoms and Territories, their People and Subjects, and that they may be mutually assisting to one another, every one of the aforesaid Potentates promoting the Welfare and Advantage of his Allies, in the same Manner as he does his own.

2.

If it shall at any Time happen, that the Kings o and France, as well the present as future, or either of them, have a Mind, or be suspected to intend, to make War against the Kingdom of Portugal, in its Continent, or Transmarine Provinces (whatever Kings they [<t] be) her sacred royal Majesty of Great Britain, and the States General, shall use their Endeavours, in a friendly Manner, to persuade the said Kings, or either of them, that he, or they, will keep the Treaties of Peace with Portugal, and not make War upon that Kingdom.

3-

But in case these Offices shall avail nothing, but prove ineffectual, so that the said Kings, or either of them, shall wage War against Portugal, the aforesaid Potentates of Britain and Holland shall make War, with all their Might, against the aforesaid King, or Kings, that shall invade Portugal; and, towards carrying on the War, that shall be waged in the Continent of that Kingdom, shall furnish Twelve thousand Soldiers, whom they shall lie obliged to arm, and pay them w hat shall be needful, as well in Quarters, as out of them; and the Confederates shall have that Number complete, by sending Recruits as often as there shall be Occasion.

4

And in this Casealso, the aforesaid Potentates of Britain and Holland shall be obliged to have and maintain, upon the Coast of Portugal, and in the Ports of that Kingdom, a competent Number of Ships of War, to defend their Coasts and Ports, their Commerce and Merchants Ships, from any hostile Insult; so that, upon any Information or Intelligence, that their Ports and Fleets aforesaid are iu Danger of being invaded by a greater hostile Force, the said Confederates shall be obliged, before any such

[a] The Word " may is, by Mistake, here written in the Jourual, instead of " theybut the Error is corrected‘from the Translation of this Treaty, presented to the House. i

Invasion

2 Ann. 19® Novembris.

223

Invasion happen, to send such a Number of Ships of War into Portugal, as shall be equal, and even superior,

to the Ships and Strength of the Enemy, who shall intend to invade the Ports and Fleets aforesaid.

5.

But if the aforesaid Kings of Spain and or either

of Ihem, shall make War upon the Transmarine Provinces or Dominions of Portugal, or if his sacred royal Majesty of Portugal shall know, that they do design it, the aforesaid Potentates of Britain and Holland shall furnish his sacred royal Majesty of Portugal with such a Number of-Ships of War, as shall be of equal Force and Strength with the Enemies Fleet, and even superior; so that they may not only be able to resist them, but also to hinder that War and Irruption, as long as the War shall last, and there shall be Occasion: But if the Enemy shall possess themselves of any Town, or seize any Place, in the aforesaid Transmarine Provinces and Dominions, which they may fortify, these Succours shall continue until the full Recovery of such Town or Place, or Towns and Places, in case there shall be more taken.

6.

All these auxiliary Ships shall be subject to the Command of his sacred royal Majesty of Portugal, that they may do those things, which shall be commanded by his said Majesty; but if they shall proceed to the Transmarine Provinces and Dominions of Portugal, they shall also do those things, that shall be injoined them by the Viceroys and Governors there, in the Name of his sacred royal Majesty.

7-

But when the auxiliary Ships of the Two Potentates of Britain and Holland shall be joined with the Ships of

tugal, in order to assist them, the Commander of the Fleet or Ships of Portugal, to whom the Right of carrying the Flag shall belong, shall give the Signal, and summon a Council of War, which shall be held in the Admiral Portuguese Ship; and Orders shall be dispatched by the Commander of the Fleet or Ships of Portugal, to execute those things, which shall be resolved in Council, and which the Commanders of the auxiliary Ships shall put in Execution, every one on board his own Ship.

8.

But if at any Time the Ships of the Three confederate Nations shall be joined, to attempt any thing, which is for the common Benefit of all the Confederates, the Commander, that shall have the Right of carrying the Flag, and who has the greatest Proportion of Ships of his Na-v tion, shall enjoy the Right and Prerogative, which is expressed in the foregoing Article, viz. of giving the Signal, and calling of Councils to his own Admiral Ship, and of the other Things, which are there set forth.

9-,

The Twelve thousand Soldiers, which the Potentates of Britain and Holland are to send to thfe Assistance of his sacred royal Majesty of Portugal, and to maintain at their own Expence, and recruit, as there shall be Occasion, as long as the War lasts, as is contained in the 3d Head or Article of this Treaty, shall be subject, not only to the supreme Commands of his sacred royal Majesty, but also of his Commanders or Generals, and also of such Officers, who, by their Posts, are superior to them; but for Breach of Orders, Crimes, and Offences, which they may commit, they shall be punished by the Commanders or Generals of the Army, as the Portuguese themselves are or shall be punished, by Martial Law, more especially for those Things, which relate to the Violation of Things, which concern Religion.

10.

The Confederates shall give all Manner of Licence, Aid, and Assistance, to the Farmers of his sacred royal Majesty of Portugal, in the Case above expressed, that they may carry out of their Ports and Countries, Gunpowder, Weapons, Arms, Com of all Sorts, and other warlike Instruments and Stores, as well for Sea, as Land,

which they shall want, and that af the same Rates, for . which the foresaid Confederates are used to be supplied Vo l. 14.

with them for their own Use, and without any Alteration of the Price.

u.

If it should at any Time happen, that the Kings of Spain and France, or either of them, should go about to make War against the Kingdom of Great Britain, or the United Provinces, his sacred royal Majesty of Portugal shall use his Endeavours, in a friendly Manner, to persuade the said Kings, or either of them, to keep the Treaties of Peace with the aforesaid Kingdom of Great Britain, and the United Provinces.

12.

But, in case these Offices should avail nothing, and prove ineffectual, so that the aforesaid King9, or either of them, shall make War against the Kingdom of Britain, or the United Provinces, his sacred royal Majesty of Portugal shall in like Manner be obliged to make War, with all his Might, against the foresaid Kings, or either of them; and in that Case also the Two Potentates of Great Britain and the States General shall supply him with the same Aids of Soldiers and Ships, as are agreed by the precedent Heads or Articles,.in case that the Kings of France and Spain, or either of them, shall make War against Portugal, and with all those Things, in the same Manner, as is there expressed.

13

As well in the First as Second Case of making War, his sacred royal Majesty of Portugal shall be obliged to have Ten Ships of War, for the Defence of himself and his Confederates; nevertheless, in such Manner, that, if the Spaniards and French together, or Spaniards only, make War against the Confederates, in such Case, the Ten Ships of War of his sacred royal Majesty of Portugal shall not be obliged to stir from the Coast of Portugal, where they will be of great Use to divert the Forces of the Enemy; but, if War is made only by the French, it shall be lawful for the Ships of Portugal to assist the Confederates, in Conjunction with their Fleets.

14.

Neither Peace, nor Truce, shall be made, but by the mutual Consent of the Confederates; and this League shall be perpetual, not determined by any Limits of Time.

15.

The Portuguese shall enjoy in the Kingdoms of the Crown of Britain, and in the United Provinces, the same Privilege for their Persons, and Liberty of Commerce, as the Britons and Dutch do enjoy in Portugal.

16.

If by the Instrument of the Treaty, in which there is an Agreement between the Crowns of Portugal and Britain concerning Bombaim, it shall appear, that either Party has exceeded the Limits, or not fulfilled the Measure, of that Agreement, all Things shall be adjusted according to the Tenor of that Treaty.

17.

The Ships of Portugal shall not be obliged to pay any thing for casting Anchor in the Port of Malaca, if other European Nations are not obliged to pay.

18.

Piratical Ships, of what Nation soever, shall not ohly [not ] be admitted and received into the Ports, which the sacred royal Majesty of Portugal, and Britain, and the States General of the United Provinces, possess in the East Indies, but also shall be accounted as common Enemies of Portuguese, English, and Dutch.

19-

In Times of Peace, Six Ships of War of both Nations, English and Dutch, shall be admitted into the larger Ports of the Kingdom of Portugal, besides other Six, which were permitted by virtue of former Treaties; so that, in the Whole, Twelve Ships may be admitted, and all in the very same Manner, as the First Six were admitted; but into the lesser Ports such a Number of Ships shall be admitted, as is most suitable to their Strength and Capacity.

This Word is supplied from the aforesaid Translation.

20. The

Treaties of

Coalition,

&c.

v

Treaties of

Coalition,

&c.

224 i90 Novembris. . 1703.

2b.

The Plenipotentiaries themselves do undertake, that their aforesaid Masters shall ratify this Treaty in due and authentic Form; and that those Ratifications shall be exchanged in this Royal City of Lisbon within the Space of Three Months, to be reckoned from the Day of the Subscription.

In Witness whereof, &;c- Dated at Lisbon, the loth Day of May, 1703.

The Translation of the Treaty of an Offensive Alliance, concluded between the Emperor, the Queen, and the States General; on one Side, and the King of Portugal, on the other, at Lisbon, May the 16th, 1703.

1st Article.

THE Three Confederate Potentates above-mentioned shall contribute their Endeavours unanimously, that the most Serene Archduke Charles, Second Son of his Imperial Majesty, be put into the Possession of all Spain, as the Catholick King, Charles the Second, did possess it; with this however that his sacred rOyal Majesty of Portugal be not bound to make an Offensive War, except in Spain itself.

2.

For the makingthis Offensive War in Spain, his sacred royal Majesty of Portugal shall not be bound to have and maintain, at his own Charge, above Twelve thousand Foot, and Three thousand Horse, which he is to bring into the Field.

3-

Besides, his sacred royal Majesty of Portugal shall raise Thirteen thousand Portuguese Soldiers, that, in the Whole, the Forces of Portugal may be Twenty-eight thousand Men; whereof Five thousand shall he Horse, and Twenty-three thousand Foot

4-

Of these 13,000 Soldiers, viz. Eleven thousand Foot, Two thousand Ilorse, those u,oooo Foot shall be armed with proper Arms, which, for that Purpose, the Confederates are to furnish, and over and above, as an Addition, Two thousand Arms for those Soldiers.

5-

The Confederates shall be bound to give to his sacred royal Majesty of Portugal Ten hundred Thousand Silver Philips, Spanish Money, or, as commonly called, a Million of Pattacoons, each Year, while the War lasts, for the Charge of the said 13,000 Soldiers, as well lor their Pay, as for all other Expences, whereof they shall stand in need, as well in Quarters, as in the Field.

6.

The Payment of these Ten hundred thousand Silver Philips, Sjwnish Money, or, as commonly called, a Million of Pattacoons, shall be made by equal Parts, devised through all the Months of the Year; that Part, which relates to tire Pay of the 13,000 Men, shall begin from the Exchange of the Ratifications, in Proportion to the Number of Men, which shall then be raised, and as they shall afterwards be raised; but as to that Part of this Million, which belongs to the extraordinary Expences of the Army, marched out of their Quarters, the Payment thereof shall begin from the Day the Forces shall march out of their Quarters: But it is agreed, that, for the Payment of the first Part of this Million, there shall be always ready at Lisbon Two Months Pay; and, for the Payment of the second Part of this Million, as soon as the Army shall march out of their Quarters, Two Months Pay shall be advanced; which shall not be placed to Account, unless for the Two last Mouths of the Year.

m

But if it shall happen, that his sacred royal Majesty of Portugal shall not have raised all the said 13,000'Soldiers, there shall be deducted out of this Million of Pattacoons, that Part of the Pay, which [may ] belong to that Number of Soldiers, who shall [not J effectively be raised.

8.

Besides the said 1,000,000 Sil Money,

'(his Word is supplied from tbs TrausUtldn of this 'J'reaty, presented to the House.

or Million of Pattacoons, which the Confederates are to give every Year tbr the Payment of the 13,000 Portuguese Soldiers, as abovesaid, they shall be bound further to give to his sacred royal Majesty of Portugal Five hundred thousand Silver Philips, or Five hundred thousand Pattacoons, for his Preparations of the Army, and what else is necessary', this First Year; and they shall deliver this Sufii of Money tkt the Time of the Ratification of this Treaty.

9-

The Confederates shall furnish, and shall always have ‘ ready every Year, during the War, Tw elve thousand foreign Veteran Soldiers, viz. Ten thousand Foot, One thousand Horse, and One thousand Dragoons; which Twdve thousand Soldiers they shall not only recruit from time to time, at their own Expence, as it shall he necessary, but they shall also arm, and pay them, with their own Money, what shall be needful for them, both for their Pay, whether in their Quarters, or out of them, and also for the Ammunition Bread for the Soldiers, Straw' and Bariev for the Horses; which Bread, Straw, and Barley, shall be furnished to them at the same Prices, as they are to his sacred royal Majesty of Portugal's Armies, and that by the Ministry and Care of his General, Questors, and Officers; so that his sacred royal Majesty of Portugal shall not be at any Charge at all for the said foreign Forces, nor furnish them any thing, except Hospitals and Carriages, and w hat belongs to Hospitals and Carriages.

10.

His royal Majesty of Portugal shall furnish Two thousand Horses in Portugal, to be bought by the Confederates, for their foreign Forces, in such Manner, that for each Horse to the private Soldiers they shall pay 40,000 Rials, Portuguese Money, or, as they are called,' Forty Millrees, and, for the Officers Horses, 60,000 Rials, of the same Money, or Sixty Millrees; at which Prices the said King shall furnish all the other Horses, which the Confederates shall desire, according to what the Kingdom shall be able to do, for the augmenting of the Ilorse.

11.

Together with the abovesaid 12,000 foreign Veteran Soldiers, there are to be brought, at the Charge and Expence of the Confederates, Ten Brass Cannon, of a great Size, fitted with their Carriages, and provided with their other Apparel, necessary for the Use of an Army, except Mules, which are to draw them.

12.

Moreover, with the Arms for arming the Eleven thousand Portuguese, Part of the i3;oooo, whom his sacred "royal Majesty of Portugal is to raise, there shall be also 'brought Ten other Brass Cannon, fitted with their Carriages, of that Size, as to carry Bullets from 12 to 24 Pound Weight; and these Cannon, together with the Arms for the Eleven thousand Portuguese Soldiers, shall become the King of Portugals own, so as they shall not be required back of him, nor the Price of them be demanded.

,3'

The Confederates shall take care, that there be immediately brought Four thousand Quintals of Powder, bought with their own Money, each Quintal to weigh 128 Pound of Portugal Weight, for the Use of the Expedition this First Year; and every following Year, while the War shall last, they shall take care, that, betbrs tire Forces march out of their Quarters, there be brought Four thousand other Quintals of Powder, bought with their own Money.

14.

The Confederates shall also send immediately Twt> Commanders, or Magistri Canipiof thaMfig-

nity, as (hat they may now have discharged the Duty of Sub-prafecti, or Lieutenant-generals, of w hom her Majesty shall be informed before-hand, who they are; Four Aciei Instructors,or Saijentos Mojores Four

Officiates of Horse, who may discharge in it the Duty 6f Commissaries; Two Sub-prafecti, or Lieutenants of the Magistri Canipi Generalis;Two of Lieutenant-generals, of the Ordnance; Twelve Architecti

u < A

2 Ann. t Novembtis. 225

Militares; Forty Gunners; Ten Igmum Artifices; which shall be held in the Admiral Portuguese Ship ;and Treaties of Twenty Miners; all which the Confederates shall pay by the Commander of the Fleet 'or Ships of Portugal Coalition, with their own Money, as they are obliged to pay the shall be dispatched the Orders for executing those things, &c-

12,000 foreign Soldiers. which shall be resolved in Council; which the Command-

15. ers of the auxiliary Ships shall execute, every one on All the foreign Forces, which the Confederates are to board his own Ship.

send, and maintain in Portugal, shall be subject, not only 21.

to the supreme Commands of his Majesty of Portugal, Neither Peace, nor Truce, shall be made, but by but also of his Commanders or Generals, and also of mutual Consent of all the Confederates; and they shall the Officers, who, by reason of their Office, shall be not be made at any time, while the most Christian King's superior to them; but, for Breach of Orders, Crimes, Grandson, the Dauphin's second Son, or any other Prince and Offences, which they shall commit, they shall be of the House of France, remains in Spain; nor yet, unless punished by the Commanders or Generals, and Auditors that the Crown of Portugal do intirely possess, and reign Generals of the Army, as the Portuguese themselves are over, all Lands, Kingdoms, Islands, States, Dominions, punished, or shall be punished according to military Dis- Castles, Towns, Villages, and their Territories and Ap-cipline, especially for what shall appertain to the Violation purtenances, which it now possesses, as well in, as out of Things relating to Religion. of, Spain.

16. 22.

The Confederates shall afford all Leave, Assistance, and In the same Manner Peace shall not be made with the

Help, to the Farmers of his royal Majesty of Portugal, most Christian King, unless he yield all the Right, which to export out of their Havens and Dominions all Powder, he pretends to have unto the Countries reaching to Capede Arms, Corn, and all other Instruments of War, and all Nor'te, and appertaining to the Dominion of the State of Stores for Sea and Land, which shall be desired of them, Maran, and lying between the River of the Amazons and that at the same Prices, as those Confederates are and that of Vincent Pinson, notwithstanding any Treaty, wont to provide them for their own Use, and without either provisional or decisive, made between his sacred any Change of the Price. royal Majesty of Portugal, and the most Christian King,

17. about the Possession and Right of the said Countries.

The Maritime Potentates shall be bound to have, and 23-

maintain, on the maritime Coast of Portugal, and in the The most serene Archduke Charles, after he shall reign Havens thereof, a competent Number of Ships of War in Spain, shall pay to his sacred royal Majesty of for defending safely the Coast and Havens, and also the gal, and to the Indian Company, whatever the Crown Trade and Fleets of Merchant Ships, against any hostile of was bound to pay unto them, by virtue of a

Force; so as that it being found, or even understood, Transaction made with it, in the same Manner, as if the that the Havens themselves, and the said Fleets, may be same had been made with him; all the Obligations and invaded by a greater hostile Force, the said Confederates Conditions thereof being transferred unto him, that he shall be bound, before the Case of that Invasion happens, may exactly observe them, and may take care, that the to send into Portugal that Number of Ships of War, Payments be made at the same Times therein expressed; which may be equal, and even superior, to the Ships and viz. the First Payment, upon the Arrival of the First Forces of the Enemies, who shall design to invade the Fleet, or Squadron, from the Indies, which shall come Havens and Fleets aforesaid. Against any sudden Ac- into Spain, after the said most serene Duke shall reign in cidents, that may happen, upon the Departure of the it; the Second Payment, upon the Arrival of the Second;

Ships of the said Confederates from the Coast and Havens and that he perform the other things, which are contained of Portugal, the Confederates shall be bound to order it in the said Transaction, so as that the Crown of Portugal, so, that in these Seas, or in these Havens, those Ships and the Indian Company, do obtain all things, which, by remain, whereof his sacred royal Majesty of Portugal virtue of the said Transaction, they ought to obtain, shall judge that there is need. Her sacred royal Majesty of Great Britain, and the high

18. and mighty Lords the States General of the United But if any Potentates shall make War on the trans- Provinces, do oblige themselves, as Guarantees, that the

marine Provinces or Dominions of Portugal, or if his most serene Duke shall perform the Contents in this sacred royal Majesty of Portugal shall know, that the Article.

Enemy does design it, the Confederates shall fornish to 24.

his sacred royal Majesty of Portugal so many Ships of The most serene Archduke Charles shall come hither War, as shall be competent and equal to the Enemy's into Portugal, and shall land in it with all the Succours,

Ships, and even superior, so as that they may not only be which the Confederates are to send, as is covenanted in resisted, but also that That War, or Irruption, may be this Treaty; and his sacred royal Majesty of Portugal hindered, as long as the War shall last, and the Occasion shall not be bound to make War, till the most serene shall require; but if the Enemy shall have taken any Archduke be landed in Portugal, and the Succours, both Town, or seized any Place, which they may fortify, in of Men and Ships, are arrived there, the said transmarine Provinces and Dominions, these 25.

Succours shall continue until the full Recovery of such But, as soon as the most serene Archduke shall be

Town or Place, or more Towns and Places, if they come into Portugal, his sacred royal Majesty of Portugal

shall be taken. shall acknowledge him, and own him, for King of Spain,

19. as the King Charles the Second did possess it; yet so,

All the auxiliary Ships shall be subject to the Commands that it do before juridically appear to his sacred royal Ma-

of his sacred royal Majesty of Portugal, that they do jesty of Portugal, that the Right, whereby he is King of those things, which shall be commanded by his Majesty; Spain, is in a legal Manner yielded and transferred to him. but if they proceed to the transmarine Provinces and 2

Dominions of Portugal, that they do also those things, At the same time that his saerpd royal Majesty of which in his sacred royal Majesty's Name shall by his Portugal shall make War, the maritime Potentates shall Vice-roys and Governors be enjoined them. be bound to invade the Coast of Spain with a strong Fleet,

20. and to infest it as they are able; that the Enemies Forces But when these auxiliary Ships of the Two Potentates, may be divided, and so the Sum of the Expedition be

upon any Occasion or Accident, shall be joined with the rendered more easy.

Ships of Portugal, the Commander of the Fleet or Ships 27.

of Portugal, whose Right it may be to carry the Flag, For the same Reasons, the Confederates shall be bound shall give the Signal, and summon a Council of War, vigorously to make War, as well in the Loro Countries Vol. 14. 3 L and

Treaties of

Coalition,

Itc.

Army

Estimates.

226 190 Novembris. 1703.

and the Upper Rhine, as in Italy, at the same time that Portugal shall carry its Arms into Spainand this shall thenceforth be continued in the same Manner, during the other Years, while the War shall last

28.

It is agreed, that it shall not be lawful, at any time, for the said Potentates to demand, or pretend, from the Crown of Portugal,the Charges and Expences, either the Whole, or any Part, which shall be laid out in these Succours, to be furnished to him by virtue of this Treaty, whether Land' Forces, Fleets, or auxiliary Ships, or Money, Arms, Powder, Cannon, and whatsoever other things, although the same be not covenanted in all and every the Heads or Articles of this Treaty, wherein these Succours are promised, whereas yet in some of them the same is specially covenanted.

29.

This Treaty shall be confirmed, and ratified, in lawful and due Form, by the above-mentioned Masters of the Plenipotentiaries, and the Ratifications shall be exchanged at Lisbon within Three Months time from the Subscription hereof.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Treaties be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Blathzcayt (according to Order) presented to the Army

House, an Estimate of the Guards, Garrisons, and Land Estimate, Forces, in England, Jersey, and Guernsey, the Plantations, and for Sea Service, with the Charge thereof for the Year 1704.

And the Title thereof was read; and the Estimate is, as followeth; viz.

Horse.

First Troop of Guards Second Troop of Guards -Third Troop of Guards Troop of Grenadier Guards Royal Regiment of Guards

Dragoons.

Queen's Regiment

Earl of Esseu's Regiment -

Numbers.

- j 81

- 181

- 181

- 177

- 427 1,147

- 407

407

----- 814

2.002

1.002 488 834 834

Foot.

First Regiment of Guards -Coldstream Regiment of Guards -Royal Regiment of Fuzileers Colonel Alordaunt's Regiment -

Colonel Elliott's -

' Charge per Annum.

c s. d.

- 85,607 14 2

- 29,479 16 8

For Sea Service.

Colonel Rivers' -Lord Lucas' - -

A Regiment landed in Ireland. To be replaced In the West Indies.

Colonel Handaside'i i

Colonel Levesay's> To be made up.

Colonel Whethams,) - -

Four Companies at New York -One Company at Bermudas One Company at Newfoundland -

General Officers -Contingencies Garrisons, $c. Invalids -

- 8,687 0 0}

- 7,068 o 0

- 16,836 1 8)

834

834

834

834 834 834 -----10,164

12,125

449

58

93

--- 600

12,725

Total Charge of this Establishment

194,435 10 0

309,523 0 10

9,885 17 6

319,408 18 4

32,591 1 8

5,000 0 0

357,oooo 0 0

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Estimate be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Fox (according to Order) presented to the House, An Estimate of 40,000 Men, to act in Conjunction with the Forces of the Allies in the Low Countries, with the Charge thereof for the Year 1704; and also,

A List of the General Officers, and others, to serve with the English Forces in the Countries, with their respective Allowances; and also.

An Abstract of the annual Charge of Forage and Waggon-money for her Majesty's Forces in the Low

Countries, according to what they received by the Regulation during the late War; and also,

An Estimate of the Troops of Augmentation in the Low Countries, and the Charge thereof for the Year 1704; and also,

An Estimate of the Forces designed for Portugal, and the Charge thereof for the Year 1704.

And the Titles thereof were read.

And the said Estimates, List, and Abstract, are, as follow j viz.

THE Estimate for 40,000 Men, to act in Conjunction with the Forces of the Allies in the Low ,with the Charge thereof for the Year 1704:

Horse,

Foreigners. Subjects.

a-Ann.

Horse.

Lieutenant-general Lumley's Regiment Brigadier Wpod's

A Squadron of Colonel Major General fVpidham's The Duke of Schonburg's - -.

fp° Novembris.

237

Numbers.

598 400 198 400 400

Dragoons.

Royal Regiment, going to Portugal [a]. To} be replaced ----- 3

Lord Tiviott's Regiment -

Brigadier Rosses -

54»

407

407

Foot.

Royal Regiment, Earl of Orkney's Colonel Irebb's Regiment - -

Lieutenant-general Stuart's, going to

[6.] To be replaced )

Lord North and Gray's -

Earl of Barrymore's,going to Portugal. To

be replaced - -

Colonel How's -Earl of Derby's - -

Colonel Bloods, going to Portugal. To be replaced 938 Brigadier Fred. Hamiltons - - - - 938

Major General Ingoldsbys - - - - 938

Duke of Marlborough's - 938

Colonel Leigh's, going to Portugal. To be replaced 938 Colonel Evans's - - - 938

Colonel Row's - - - -938

Brigadier Ferguson's ----- 938

'0}

26,302

s.

10

d.

10i

ol

£. s. d.

General Officers 16,302 10 10 Contingencies 10,000 o For Forage and Waggon-money for}

the General Officers, and Regi-> 16,259 5 ments of Foot and Dragoons - )

Total for the English -Establishment increased by 6,302/. 10 s. 10 for the Pay of the General Officers, who actually serve. And for Forage and Waggon-money, 16,259/. l5 -

Danes.....- - 6,000

Prussians ----- - 2,532

Hessians ----- - 3,080

Hanover and Cell, instead of 10,000 Men,) for last Year j

Another Regiment to be taken from the}

King of Prussia, to replace the Regiment} lessened by Hanover and Cell

9,225

L996

L353

-4,876 938 938 938 938

938 938

775 -

Army

Estimate *

Charge per Annum.

£ d.

110,588 18 4

48,818 15 Q

15,008 259,691 8 4

18,359 4i9,099 1 8

- 42,562 5 10

- 461,661 7 6

H5,73i 8 0

- 42,805 7 6

- 53,5i8 2 6

158,786 5 0

21,612 11,569 12 0

39,971 844,072 2 6

Bread-waggons for the 40,000 Men - - 20,000 00}

For Forage,' Waggon-money, and Recruits for")

the Foreigners, pursuant to the Treaties -,) 0,000 o j

Total - -

Subsidies to be paid, pursuant to Treaties.

Crowns a Year. Pounds Sterl.

To the King of Denmark, to be paid in']

Bank Money, at Hamburgh - - J

To the Landgrave of Hesse Cassell - - 50,000 11,848 7 o

To the Elector of Treves -25,000 5,924 3 6

150,000 37,500 o o

In all

00

5 8 &

<2 a,

40,000 0 0 884,072 2 6

55,272 10 6 939,344 13 o

Increase by the Difference of the Exchange, 3,4291

6 s. 6 d.

Cha For.

William Blathwayt.

[a] The Word " Portland is by Mistake here written in the Journal, instead of " Portugalbut the Error is corrected from the original Account. [6] The same Mistake is here committed in the Journal, as in the Place last mentioned. [ ] This Article is omitted in the Journal, and supplied from the original Account.

Vol. 14,

The

228

19 Nommhris.

Army

Estimates

The List of the General Officers, and others, to serve with the English Forces in the Law

respective Allowances.

A. 1703.

Countries, with their

Commander in Chief - Per Diem, s. tl. - 10 0 0 Per Annum. £ 3,650 0 0

General of the Foot - - - 6 0 0 2,190 0 0

(2 Lieutenants-general of Foot, each 41. (One Lieutenant-general of Horse - 8 0 0 - 2,920 0

4 0 0 - tm 1,460 0 0

2 Majors-general of Foot, each 2 ( - 4 0 0 - 1,460 0 0

(3 Brigadiers of Foot, each 1(102. - - 4 10 0 - 9 1,642 10 0

(2 Brigadiers for the Horse and Dragoons, each 11. 10 . 3 0 0 - - 9 1,095 0 0

Quarter-master-general - 1 0 0 - - 365 0 0

Deputy Quarter-master - - - - V P 5 0 9 91 5 0

Deputy Paymaster - 0 12 6 - - 228 2 6

Secretary to the Commander in Chief - - 0 10 0 - - 182 10 0

Chaplain to the Commander in Chief - - 0 6 8 - - 121 ‘ 3 4

Physician to the Commander in Chief - - 0 10 0 - 182 10 0

Surgeon to the Commander in Chief - 0 10 0 - - 182 10 0

Deputy Judge Advocate - - 0 10 0 - - 182 10 0

Waggon-master-general, and Assistant - . - 0 7 if - 130 0 0

Provost Marshal, at 6 s. and 2 Men, at 3r. [each] 0 12 0 - 219 0 0

Total m - 44 13 3» 16,302 10 10

The Abstract of the annual Charge of Forage, and Waggon-money, for her Majesty's Forces in the Law Countries, according to what they received by the Regulation during the late War.

Rations

General of the Foot -3 Lieutenants-general, each 30 2 Majors-general, each 24 -5 Brigadiers, each 12 Quarter-Master-general 18 Aids de Cump, each 4 -5 Majors of Brigade, each 3 Deputy Paymaster Judge Advocate Provost Marshal Waggon-master-general

346 Rations a Day, for 200

a Day.

40

90

48

60

6

72

15

G

4

3

2

346

r, for 200 ivers per >,) - - )

Days, at 6 Stivers Ration, comes to One Regiment of Dragoons,} of 8 Troops, at 60 Ra-> tions a Day each Troop - 3 Two Regiments, of 6 Troops} each, at 60 Rations a Day > each 3

Gilders.

20,760

480

720

1,200

Rations a Day.

1,200 Rations a Day, for} Gilders. 200 Days, at Stivers > — 48,000

,080

64,800

per Ration, comes to 18 Battalions of Foot, at}

60 Rations a Day each> 1,

Battalion - - 3

1,080 Rations a Day, for}

200 Days, at 6 Stivers > — per Ration, comes to - 3

i33,.56o

133,560 Gilders, at 10 Gil-ders 11 Stivers to the - -Pound Sterlingucomes to )

For Carriages for the 18}

Battalions, for the Cam- ( paign, at 200l. each Bat- talion - - J

c

12,659

S' (It

15 O

3,600 o o

Total

- 16,259 15 o

The Estimate of the Troops of Augmentation in the Law , and the Charge thereof for the Year 1704.

English Foot

Numbers.

C Earl of Portmors Regiment going to Portugal. Tobereplaced 876 3 Lieutenant-general Churchill's -J Colonel Stanhope's, going to Portugal. To be replaced ( Colonel Mei'edith's ....

Saw Gotha.

Munster. Hesse Cassell. Osnabrug. Oost Frize.

Leige.

Palatine.

Danes.

(Two Regiments of Dragoons (Two Regiments of Foot

E

Three Regiments of Foot One Regiment of Foot -One Regiment of Foot -One Regiment of Foot One Regiment of Dragoons -Two Regiments of Foot One Regiment of Foot more -

Four Regiments of Foot -

rrplus of the Danes, Part of the 40,000 Men transferred?

to the Establishment of the Troops of Augmentation - j.

Total

One Half for her Majesty

Charge per Annum.

- 876

- 876

- 876 Gilders. St.

—— 3,504 667,037 10

1,11G

1,766 0

2,882 578,981 5

892

1,708

3,600 488,260 10

2,442 352,754 5

885' 122,621 15

807 110,626 18

797 113,405 10

581

,596

797

2,974 497,513 5

- - 2,600 252,769 6

520 74,752 17

20,011 3,358,723 1

10,005 ,679,361 ioi

Which

Norwich

Writ.

Newton

Urit.

Prohibited Fast huiia Goods.

a Ann.

i 90 — a a0 Novembris.

a 39

Estimates.

Pounds Sterling.

£ jt d Army

Which Sum of 1,679,361 Gilders 10 Stivers, at 10 Gilders 11 Stivers to the Pound) ,0. r'":"

Sterling, makes.....1159,181. 4 o

Bread Waggons for the 10,005 Men .....5,000 4

For Forage, Waggon-money, and Recruits, for the Foreigners, pursuant to) ? > 14,260 o 0

the Treaties..... j 9>200 y

Subsidy. Her Majesty's Share of 40,000 Crowns a Year Subsidy to the Elector Palatine, in Con-)

sideration of his Troops, being 20,000 Crowns, or 50,000 Gilders, making - 4>739

173,441 4 0

7 0:

Total for her Majesty - 178,180 11 o

The Estimate of the Forces designed for Portugal, and the Charge thereof for the Year 1704.

Horse. Brigadier Harcyc's Regiment

Dragoons. The Royal Regiment -

'The Far! of Portm Regiment -Lieutenant General Stuart's Regiment -Colonel Stanhopes - -

Earl of Barrimore's -

Colonel Blood's -Colonel Brudena/As -

Lord Montjoy's -X'olonel Leigh's -

Foot.

- \

General Officers Contingencies

Total of the Establishment -Deduct Two Thirds of the Poundage

10,706 13 4) 4,000

N umbel's. Ch&rge per Ann.

- 418 23,107 io 10

20,652 18 4

876

6,132.

7,008 124,100 0 0

8,015 167,860 9 2

13 4) o oj

14,706 13 4 182,567 2 6

6,085 11 6

Remains > 176,481 11 o

Her Majesty's Share of a Million of Pattacoons, for one Year, being Two Thirds, viz. 666,666)

Pat tycoons, 33 Stivers, at 4 6</. each, which is to be regulated according to the Time of / 150,000 o o the Portuguese Army coining into the Field - - - - _ -)

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Estimates, List, and Abstract, be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lunce, 22° die Novembris;

Amo 2 Anna

Prayers.

AT ll D E R E D, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Citizen, to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Norwin the room of Robert

Davy, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Dew Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ncuton, in the County of Lancaster, in

the room of Thomas Legh, of Ridge, in the County of Chester, Esquire, deceased.

The House being informed, that one of the Commissioners of the Customs attended, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House several Accounts of prohibited East India Goods, pursuant to the Act, made in the nth and 12th Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual employing the Poor, by encouraging the Manufactures of this Kingdom; and also a List of the said Accounts.

Vrot. 14.

In all - £326,481 11 o

And the List was read, and is, as follows; viz. . Prohibited East India Goods.

For Half a Year, commencing at Michaelmas, 1702, and ending at Lady-day, 1703. f An Account of the old Company's Goods at I Leadcnhall, which are entitled to a Drawback.

A.\ An Account of the said Company's -Goods at J Leadenhall and St. Hclkns, which paid only the Half Subsidy at the Importation.

C An Account of the new Company's Goods at the g j Steel-yard, entitled to a Drawback.

j An Account of the said Company's Goods, which (.paid only the Half Subsidy at Importation.

C. Account of separate Traders Goods at the Out Ropers

Office.

D. Account of prohibited Goods at the Custom-house

Warehouse.

For Half a Year, from Lady-day, 1703, to Michaelmas, 1703.

C Account of the old Company's Goods at £ shall, entitled to Debenture.

' J Account of the said Company Goods at Leaden-V hall, and St.Hellens, which pay only the Half Subsidy, f Account of the new Company's Goods at the p j Steel-yard, entitled to Debenture.

' j Account of the said Company's Goods,. which 'paid only the Half Subsidy at Importation.

G. Account of separate Traders Goods at the Out Ropers Office.

II. Account of prohibited Goods at the Custom-house Warehouse.

The Accounts are bound up in the Bundle of this Session.

3 M Ordered,

Navy Estimates.

230 2 — 2$°

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to -be perused by the Members of the House.

A 1703

S (I»

5. Charge of the Office for registring) 0 0

Seamen - - - -»

Mr. Brydges, from the Council of his Royal Highness

Prince George of Denmark, Lord High Admiral of England (according to Order) presented to the House,

An Abstract of the ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1702; and also,

An Abstract of the ordinary Estimate of the Navy, far the Year 1703.

And the Titles thereof were read.

And the Abstracts are, as follow; vie.

The said Abstract, for the Year 1702.

others

3- r

4-

5- 6. Yards./

7 -8. 1

1. Lords of the Admiralty, Commission ]

ers of the Navy, with their Secre- taries, Officers, Clerks, and Instru- , ments, Rents of the Offices, and| Contingencies relating thereto, &;c.

2. Pensions to the superannuated Sea}

Officers, and to the Widows of

Woolwich -Portsmouth

9. Muster-masters, and other Officers)

at the Out Ports -)

10. Wages to Ships and Vessels in')

ordinary -y

4-1. Victuals for the Officers and Men) serving therein - - -y

12. Charge of Harbour Moarings

13. Ordinary Repairs for the Ships in)

Harbour, and of the Docks, > Wharfs, Storehouses, >8$c. - )

14. Allowance to Sea Officers on Shore,

while out of Employment, according to mi Establishment on -that behalf -

f For registring)

15. Charge of the Office,) and)

(. wounded j

£. s. d. 24,485 5 8

12,809 15 2

15,365 3

1,174 o o

10,344 1 4

4,617 5 o 30,598 o o

28,971 o 0

18,113 2 6

30,610 10 o 950 o 0

178,038 2 9

The said Abstract, for the Year 1703. 1 Council to his Royal Highness, Lord" High Admiral of England, 8gc. Commissioners of the Navy, with their Secretaries, Officers, Clerks, and In- r struments, Rents of the Offices, and Contingencies-relating thereto, §pc. J , Pensions to the superannuated Sea Officers, and to the Widows others -

>ea)

£. s. d.

3- . Chatham - 3,253 2 6‘

4- Deptford - 2,717 16 4

5- Woolwich - 2,273 >8 8

6. Yards. < Portsmouth 3,286 16 3

7- Sheerness - 1,557 19 11

8. Plymouth - 2,242 18 11

9- Kinsale - 1,000 0

10. Muster-masters, and other Officers!

at the Out Ports ~y

14. Wages to Ships and Vessels in) ordinary - - -J

12. Victuals for the Officers and Men)

serving the rein

13. -Charge of Harbour Moarings

14. Ordinary Repairs of the Ships in} Harbour, and of the Docks,/ Wharfs, Storehouses, fyc.

28,879 5 8

14,012 17 7

16,332 12 7

449 o o 12,407 14 4

5,730

21,123

12 0 0 0

29,160 0 0

159,625 2 2

From whence abating the Charge of the Register Office, as was done last Year by the honourable the House ofl Q

Commons, and seems, by their Votes, f to be done for this Year likewise, the I Sum of ----- J

The Remainder is but - 128,085 2 2

Memorandum: The Article for the Subsistence of the Sea Officers on Shore, according to the last Establishment on that behalf, is likewise left out, being not provided for by the last Parliament, in Consideration of the War, which employs them, and, by the said Vote, judged to be continued for the same Reason.

A true Copy of what the Navy Board transmitted to the Admiralty.

D. Mitchell.

J. Bridges.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Abstracts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

The House was (according to Order) called over; and C"H of the the Names of such, as made Default, were noted down: House-And the same being called over a Second time;

"Several were excused; some, upon account of Sickness in the Country, and others, of Sickness in Town; some, upon account of urgent Occasions in the Country, and others, being upon the Road coming up; and some, abroad, upon Service of the Publick.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That John Hoblyn, Esquire, be excused, for his not

attending the Service of the House;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That John Snell, Esquire, be excused, for his not attending the Service of this House;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Hofi and Mr. Snell do attend the Service of the House in a Fortnight next.

Upon the Second calling over of the Names of Thomas Dodson, Esquire, John Woolcomb, Esquire, liichard Esquire, Sir Matth. Jenison, Sir W Dailies, Robert Mitchell, Esquire, Richard Marks, Esquire, Sir Michael Biddulph, and Richard Dyot, Esquire, they not appearing in their Places;

Ordered, That the said Mr. Dodson, Mr. Woolcombe,

Mr. Hele, Sir Matthew Jenison, Sir Daines, Mr.

Mitchell, Mr. Marks, Sir Michael Biddulph, and Mr.

Duot, do attend the Service of the House in Three Weeks-pext

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 23 die Novembris;

Anno '2 Ann® Regime, 1703.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That the Passage through the Streets streets to be between Temple Bar and Westminster-hall, and in kept dear, -the New Palace Yard, be kept free and open, so that no Stop, or Annoyance, be made by Coaches, Chairs, Cars,

Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to binder the Passage of the Members to and from this House; and that the Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, and City of Westminster, do take Care, and give Direction to the Constables, and other Officers, that this Order be put into Execution.

The

2 Ann. 2 30 — 24° — 25" Novembris. 231

printing the The House (according to the Order of the Day) re Vote . sumed the adjourned Debate upon the Motion for Leave to move. That the Votes of the House may be printed.

And the Question being put, That Leave be given to make a Motion, for the printing the Votes of this House; The House divided;

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Ycas, }»77-

TeUe ordreNoe, ": H

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And a Motion being made accordingly;

Ordered, That all the Votes of this House be printed, being first perused; and that no other Person do presume to print the same, but such as shall be appointed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do peruse, and appoint the printing, the Votes of this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Committee of the hole House, to consider of the Supply Supply, granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had cqme to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, w hen the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. tkmyers also reported from the said Committee, that they have directed him to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve jtaelf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the#Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii., 24" die Novembris;

Anno 2° Annas Regime, 1703.

Praters.

Mutton's and A PETITION of Simon Thomas Holding,

u'e Lstate onat an Rozc/att, and Edward Ingram, in behalf

tas" a of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and

read; setting forth, that the Petitioners, and others, have lately made several Exchanges, v uh Ralph Earl of several Lands, and the Petitioners Right of Common in Geddington, in the County of Northampton, for several Lands of the said Earl's, lying near the said Common; and they have made several Agreements, touching the said Exchanges; which Exchanges, and Agreements, cannot, as advised, be effectually settled, but by Act of Parliament: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for the settling and confirming the said Exchanges, and Agreements.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Smith and Mr. Dolbtn do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Kemp's A Petition of JosephGascoigne, Doctor of Divinity, was

Estate. presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that Sir Robert Kemp devised Part of his Estate to his Four Sisters, and their Children, and Grand-children; to which Estate the Petitioner is entitled; and Suits arising, upon the said Will, between the Petitioner, and the Descendants of the said Four Sisters, to end the same, the Petitioner contracted for the absolute Purchase of their respective Shares, and Three of them have already conveyed; but the Fourth cannot convey, by reason of some Disability; and the Guardians, and Relations, are consenting: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for vesting the Estate of such of the Representatives of the said Fourth Part, as are by Law disabled to convey their Shares, in Trustees, to be sold and conveyed to the Petitioner, and his Heirs, pursuant to the said Agreement.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Conyers and Mr. Hunt do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Poor Laws. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for the reducing all the Laws, relating to the Poor, and their Settlement, into one Law; and for the better enforcing of the Execution of the same; and that Sir Humphry Mackworth, Mr. Corny ns, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Manning the Resobed, That this House will, on Saturday Morning

Navy. next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Part of her Majesty's Speech, which relates to the easier manning of the Navy Royal.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Vox.. 14.

Jovis, 25 die Novembris;

Amo 2® Annas Regime.

Prayers.

A PET IT ION of Agnes Kcyt, the Widow and Keyt's Executrix of William Keyt, Esquire, deceased, late £ of Chpton, in the County of Warwick, for and on the be-

half of John Keyt, Francis Keyt, and Hastings Keyt, her younger Sons by the said William Keyt, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said William Keyt, being seised in Fee of the Manor of Creech, in the County of Somerset, and being minded to make Provision for his said younger Sons, did, by his Indenture of the 12th of July, 1700, settle the said Manor, with its Appurtenances, upon them, and their respective Issues, in Thirds; but the Income of the Whole being not above 200l. per Annum, and chiefly arising by Fines, taken upon the renewing of Leases, the present Rents are not above 75 per Annum; and the Manor being charged with several Payments, the clear overplus Rent is not above 51. pef Annum; and the said younger Sons being Infants, they are incapable of renewing Leases, and so are destitute of the Provision intended them by the said Settlement, they having no other: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for vesting the said Manor, and Premises in Trustees, to enable them, during the said Childrens Infancy, to renew the Tenants Leases in the usual Manner, and that the Fines, arising the reby, may be applied for their Maintenance and Education.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Parker and Sir John Mordent do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of Arabella Foot, Widow and Administra- Foot's trix (with the Will annexed) of Samuel , late of London. Merchant, deceased, was presented to tire House, and read; setting forth, that the said Samuel was possessed of a considerable personal Estate, and made his Will, and gave to his ouly Son Topham Foot, now an Infant, all his said Estate, after Debts and Legacies paid, to be put out at Interest, upon Mortgages, or other Securities: That the Petitioner finds great Difficulties in disposing of the Money upon certain Sureties, and is advised, 'twill be more for the Infant's Advantage to purchase Lands and Tenements, subject to the same Uses, as the personal Estate is by the said Will limited: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, to enable the Petitioner to purchase Lands and Tenements, for the Benefit of the said Infant, and to and for such Uses, as the personal Estate of the said Samuel Foot, by his said Will, is limited and appointed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr.

Walpole

Ordnance

Estimates.

432

IVfdpole and Mr. Nevill do prepare,' and bring in, the same.

Mr. Brydges, from the principal Officers of the Ord-

nance (according to Order) presented to the House,

An Account of all Receipts, and Payments, made by the Treasurers of the Ordnance, between |he 30th of June, 1701, and the 20th of November, 1703, for Sea and Land Service; and also,

An Estimate of the Expence for Sea Service, for the Year 1703; and also,

An Estimate of the Charge in the Office of Ordnance,

A. 1703.

for Land Service, for the Year 1704, together with the several Particulars of the extraordinary Services lately performed, for which no Allowance has been made; and also.

An Account of the Debt of the Office of Ordnance, for Stores delivered, and Services performed, to the 30th of September, 1703; with an Account of Contracts, and Warrants, for Stores delivered, and ready to be delivered. And the Titles thereof were read.

And the said Accounts and Estimates are, as follow; viz.

25° Novembris.

N I.

v. h~9kI

o

eg

r-h

n'

0

CL

cr

o

N° I. The said Account of Receipts and Payments made by the' Treasurers of the Ordnance, between the 30th Justfe, 1701, and the 20th November, 17035 viz.

The Accomptant

To Balance of the Treasurers Account, ending the "!

30th of June, 1701.....-J

To Monies and Tallies received from the Eftcbequi between the 30th of June, 1701, and the 30th 01; June, 1702 - - ----- --- - -J

To Money from the Navy, in ditto Time - - -To voluntary Account, in ditto Time - - - -To Imprests vacated, m ditto Time - -

To Balance of the State of Cash, dated the 30th of June, 1702 ——

To Monies and Tallies received from the Exchequer, between the 30th of June, 1702, and the 30th of

June, 1703 - -: -.....-

Te voluntary Account, in ditto Time -

To Imprests vacated, in ditto Time ——

to To Balance of the State of Cash, dated the 30th of June,")

3 »7°3 - - ..... - - -i

To Money received from the Exchequer, between the") 30th of June 1703, and the 2oth of November, 1703J To Imprests vacated, in ditto Time ——

To voluntary Accounts in ditto Time - -

Land Service.

Dr.

s. d. s. d.

46,280 7 0 3,055 1 61

45,000 0 0 85,118 '9 3k

17,8+1 0 10 5,79fi

5,452 >4 3 2 9

6,465 9 6 7,929 11 ni

131,040 1 7 121,899 >5 5i

15,881 6 0} 17,624 7 I0|

102,612 4 7i 77,426 5 9

4,162 0 5 1,672 0 7

5,964 12 7i 16,222 0 H

138,620 3 8 112,945 14 ni

S3,515 12 81 8,522 t 3

9, 54 2 2 20,000 0 D

4 5 16 9 40 0 0

0 4 6 220 0 0

33,085 16 a 28,782 1 3k

Sea Service.

Per Contra,

By Monies paid to sundry Persons, for Stores delivered, and Services performed, Salaries, incident Charges, <§r. between the 30th of June, 1701, and the 30th '

of June, 1702 -....

Debtor to Balance -

5

% Monies paid to sundry Persons, for Stores delivered,' and Services performed, Salaries, incident Charges,! 8$c. between the 30th of June, 1702, and the 30th( of June, 1703 - - - -Debtor to Balance - -

By Monies paid to sundry Persons, for Stores delivered,") Services performed. Salaries, incident Charges, 8$c. be-J tween the 30th of J une, 1703, and 30th N ovember, 1703) Debtor to Balance -

Whereof, £. s.

SIitTalltesonl

1st 3s. Aidj u 0

In Money - 9,219 16 10

Sea Ser f>°-0#0 0

(in Money - 14,265 7 §

On Account of. -

Cret Land Service. itor. Sea Service.

£> S. d. £> s. d.

* 5, $8 15 6|; 104,274 17 7

15,881 6 oi 17,624 17 10!

131,040 1 7 121,899 1 5i

115 104 10 iij 104,423 13 7i

23,515 i 8 8,522 1 3i

138,620 3 8 112,945 14 ni

13,165 19 4 4 516 13 ioi

19,919 16 10 24,265 7 5

33,08516 2i 28,782 3}

Granville,

44,185 4- 3

Wm. Bridges C. Musgra Jtt. Leathe Jfi. Craggs.

Q, rtV CU

| g"3 S. S a-5

n £ ST

i» u

80

00

% Ann. 25°

Receipts and Payments of the Ordnance;

25® Novembris.

234

N° II. The Estimate of the Ejpence for Sea Service, for the Year 1703.

ALLOWANCES, and Wages,to the Master-general, principal Officers, Storekeepers, Engineers, Clerks, Labourers, Gunners, Fire-masters, Bombardiers, fyc. daily attendant, and employed in the Office at the Berwick, Carlisle, Chatham,' Chester, Gravesend, Greenwich, Guernsey, Hull, Jersey, Kinsale, Plymouth, Portsmouth, Sheerness, Tilbury, TmUpnor Castle, and Windsor, amounts to 23,395 /. 4 s. 6 d. whereof one Moiety is always paid out of the Money appropriated for Sea Service ----- -- 11,679/. 121. 3d.

Expence of Stores for the Fleet in the Chanel, and West Indies.

A.

Rates. N°.

1. -

2.

("80 Guns - - - 15

3' 170 - 32

4 ?6° - 25

4 150 ----- - 41

5.[4° 0 L32 - 7

- 23

6. 24 - 17,

Fireships ----- - - 15 [

Advice Boats - - 1

Brigantines ----- - 5

Sloops ----- - - 7

Storeships - - - - 3

Yatchts ——

Hag Boat -

Bomb Ships - - - 9 '

Pink

Tenders ----- - - 82.

Value of Guns, and Gunners Stores,

for the new Ships, built and fitted out this Year;

Guns. N

d.

9

4th Rate, of 64 -

4 - - 54 -

5 . - 42 - -

6 - 24 - -

For Freight, and other incident‘s

Charges in delivering and receiving f back the Stores, at the going out, and C coming in, of the Fleet - -

Incident Charges of the Office, for ] Books, Paper, <yc. Postage of Let-I ters, and other Contingencies, Fees at > the Exchequer, and other Charges I relating to die, Treasury Office - J-

28,426 16 0

12,074 13. 6

3,733 3 4

35,oooo

28,273 13 9

The Charge of the Hollands Train The Ordinary of the Office, com-' prising Salaries, Rents of Storehouses, and repairing Storehouses, Barracks,

Platforms, Carriages, as likewise the Expence of Gunners Stores in the several Garrisops, and keeping the Stores in Repair, and other incident Charges

200 Tons of Salt-pctre, for sup-7 10g00 plying the Stores - - - j

For repairing the Fortifications 15,000 The extraordinary Charge of Bed-7 0QQ ding at the Garrisons - - - - -J

'1 he Expeditions of the Duke of

Ormond, Earl of Peterborough, and > 3&,3°5 Brigadier Colenbine ----- J

Stores sent to Newfoundland - - 3,007 Stores sent to Jamaica - - - 2,484

d.

o

o o

9 9

o

4

6

9

1703.

£. s. d.

Pay of Engineers, and Artificers there 2,123 1 o o

The Expedition with Sir Cloudsly'} ,

Shoved - -.....-) n'886 15 0

The Expedition to Portugal - - 28,488 19 9

Granville,

Wm. Br

C. Musgra

176,169 13 6 Ja. Lowther,

Ja. Craggs.

£. s. 250 o 140 0

d. o o

3,178 12 4

An Account of the Charge of the late Descent Train, under the Command' of his Grace the Duke of Ormond, the Train for the West Indies, to be commanded by the Right Honourable the Earl of Peterborough, and the Expedition under the Command of Brigadier Colenbine.

Descent Train.

For fixing Fuzees, and repairing")

Materials for Mortars - - -)

For repairing 8 Pontoons -

For Stores provided particularly for it, as Dragoon Saddles, Mens Harness, Deals, Planks, Timber, Wool-l packs. Bags for carrying Earth, Medicines, and chiefly useful for the like Service ——

For Land and Water Carriage, and 7 other incident Charges in Shipping Expence of Stores -

For cleaning and repairing Anns, and other Stores, defective upon Re- > turn -

Pay of Officers and Attendants Contingencies abroad, and other")

Disbursements ----- - -y

Freight of Storeships - -

For Land and Water Carriage, and") other incident Charges at unshipping j For 100 Horses, bought for the!

Service thereof, with the Maintenance! of them before shipped, 230/. de-S ducted, the Produce of them, upon Sale, at their Return - -

389 10

4,003 u

3,980 8

7,986 10 1,302 15 11 10,060 10 10 260 10 o

1,715 6 n

33,267 15 3

170,540 15 16

Granville, Ja. Lowther,

Wm. Bridges, Ja. Craggs.

C. Musgrave,

N® III. The Estimate of the Charge in the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year 1704.

West Indies.

Pay of Officers, and Attendants Travelling Charges of Officers,

Clerks, §c. to Portsmouth, for Shipping the same,- and other Contingencies ....

Expedition with Brigadier Colenbine.

Charge of Stores ----- 2,363

Freight of 61 Tons, for Twelve7 Months, at 14s. per Ton p Month j Pay of 2 Engineers, at 1 o s. and Three Bombardiers, at 2 per Diem each, for 12 Months, to attend the same ——

i,3&7 8 o

300 o o

512

8

8

6

o

474 10 o

3,35° 6 6

Total Charge of the said Services 38,305 9 9

An Account of Ordnance, and other Stores, sent in the Year 1703 to Newfoundland.

Iron Ordnance. — Standing Carriages,

Culverin

Culverin

, s, 7

with Trucks, Wheels, > and Extrees. )

rCannon of 7 185'

Round She, forj rounde, Jrfj

C 8 Pounders 100,

81

48

s.

o

d.

o

o

152 12 O Parchment

2 Ann.

Parchment Cartridges for ")

25° Novembris.

235

24 Pounders Fuzees

126

Ladles and,

'Cannon of 7 24 Pounders Culverin

s

- 3000 La. Sp.

Sponges for\ D. Culverin 3 Pounders

2

2

4

0

1

2

v_Minion

(Ladle Staves 30-24 Pounders 9 -Culverin 10 D. Culverin 4 -3 Pounders i -

£ s.

3 19 4 1500

An Account of Ordnance, and other Stores, sent to the Receipts and Place, hereafter pnentioned, in 1702. dJ,neD

To Jamaica.

Dragoon Saddles 500

Bit Bridles - 500 J

Pistols with Brass Caps 500 Pair

Horsemen Swords 500

769

657

s.

4

16

o

the Ord-d. usince.

O

o

8 A A Shoulder Belts - 500 88 2 0

9 V Bellows l Pair - 3 10 0

Anvil - 1 6 4 7

Large Vices - 4 5 12 0

1 10 0 Pick Iron - - 1 1 0 0

1 4 9 Sledges - 2 0 5 0

1 5 0 z Rubbers - 12 1 14 7l

0 6 4 Hand Files - - 3 Dozen 1 0 6

Funnels of Plate - - 2 0 5 0

Corn Powder - ioo Barrels 300 0 0

Match - 10 Cwt. 16 5 0

Musquet Shot - 17 Cwt. . 12 15 0

Crows of Iron - 26 13 0 0

Linch-pins - - 12 Pair 0 12 0

Forelockers - 50 Pair 0 6 3

Hand-screws - 4 8 10 0

Bricks . - 17,000 17 0 0

Oil of Turpentine 1 Gallon 0 10 6

Great Melting Ladles 3 0 / 6

Ditto small - 4 0 3 0

40 d.Nails - 500 0 16 8

‘2 d. Nails - 5000 0 8 4

Field Beds - 12 1 4 0

Ditto Coynes - 39 1 9 0

Formers great - 6 0 5 0

Budge Barrels - 2 0 4 8

Tanned Hides - 4 3 12 0

Sheep-skins - 4 Dozen 4 12 0

Baskets - - 50 Dozen 16 5 0

Barrass - - loo Ells 3 5 0

Paper Royal - 10 Kheams 8 10 0

Oil - - 6 Gallons 1 13 0

Tallow 2 Cwt. 5 0 0

Starch 12 lb. 0 4 0

Needles - - 10 Dozen 0 1 0

Thread - - 12 lb. 1 7 0

Hand-crow Leavers 24 2 2 0

Powder Horns . 20 0 15 0

Linstocks - 6 0 15 0

Twine - 14 lb. 0 14 0

Snaph. Musquets 100, in Chests . 102 8 0

Flints 12,000 6 0 0

Quick Match - 100 lb. 5 0 0

Composition - 100 ditto 3 10 0

Hand-spikes - 92 3 9 0

White Lead - 20 lb. 0 10 0

Small Brushes . 12 0 12 0

Marlin 20 lb. 0 10 0

Heads and Rammers 7 c r ,r Culverin 1 6 Pa,r 0 5 0

The Freight of the said Stores 120 10 0

£ 979 8 9

Diem. £ s. d.

20 5. 548 0 0

4- 109 12 0

2. 205 10 0

2 6d. 37 0 0

, at 6. 164 8 0

2 6. 274 0 0

1 6. 205 10 0

3- 82 4 0

5. 37 0 0

t 6. 164 8 0

£ 2,027 12 0

Large half round Large smooth Files -Half round ditto Flat Bastard smooth -Small rough Files Round Edge ditto Hand Vices Large Screw-plate -Taps - -

Entering Tap Small Screw Plate Hand Rammers Small Board ditto Broad Chizels Narrow ditto -Chests -£ Inch Chizels i Inch ditto £ Round Rasps Flat Rasps Jack Planes Musquet Barrel Planes Little Hand Planes -Groove Planes Bits for the Grooves -Small Ax - -

Drawing Knife Emery ... Borax -Brass -Sallad Oil Musquet Rods -Carbine ditto Pistol ditto Chests Frame Saw Grubb ditto Spoak Shave Iron Steel

6

12

12

6

24

12

4 Pair 1

5

1

2 2

6 6 6

2 6 6 6 6

1}

3 3 6 1

1

60 lb.

2 lb.

28 lb.

10 Gallons

300

10Q

150

2

1

1

1

3 Cwt.

1 C. \

o

o

o

o

o

0

1 1 o o o o o o

0

1 0 o o o

The Freight of the said Stores, for 6 Months

o

0

o

0 0

1 0 1

4

1

o

0

1 0 0 o

3

4

5

5

7

3

6

5

8

1

10

2

12

4

3 2

2

4

3

2

4 4

6

4

3 2 2 1 0

16

17

0

5

7

6

4 12

8

1

o

18

O

O

a

6

o

o

o

6

o

o

a

o

o

6

o

0

o

o

o

o

0

o

o

6

o

o

o

4

o

o

o

9

o

o

o

o

o

o

696 6

£ 2,484 4

9

The Charge of the Officers at Newfoundland, from the last of March, 1702, to the 30th ot September, 1703.

One Engineer, at Master Carpenter, at -

3 Carpenters, at each -2 Sawyers, each at Master Mason and Paymt

4 Masons, each at

5 Labourers, each at -Master Smith, at

1 I\Taster Gunner, at -4 G unners, each at

Vox,. 14.

The Pay of the Officers at Jamaica, from the 31st of March, 1702, to the 30th September, 1703.

1 Engineer, at 1 Sub Engineer, at 1 Gun-smith, at 1 Master Gunner, at 1 Mate, at 1 Master-smith, at 1 Mate, at

1 Master Mason, at -1 Mate, at

1 Carpenter, at -1 Storekeeper, at 1 Master Gunsmith, at 3 Gun-smiths, each at

Per Diem. £ s. d.

- 20 s. 548 0 0

- 10. 274 0 0

- 3- 82 4 0

- 5- 37 0 0

- 3- 82 4 0

- 4- 109 12 0

- 3- 82 4 0

- 5 37 0 0

- 2 s. 6 d. 68 10 0

- 4- 09 12 0

- 5- 37 0 0

- 4- 109 J 2 0

- 3, 246 12 0

2,123 10 0

An

L

25® Novembris.

A. 1703.

Receipts and Payments of the Ordnance.

Brass Mortar Pieces, of £ Bodies of Mortar Pi< Granado Shells, of

Carcasses, of

t-

508

147

866

s.

10 o

o

An Estimate of die Ordnance, Stores, < c. by Sir Cloudcs/y Shovell.

On board the Store ship.

13 Inches 2 )

10 Inches 2 j Bodies of Mortar Pieces. Carriages for ditto f 1Inches 500 I ( gi Inches 500 3 13$ - roo3

9 - 100)

Bound Shot, for 24 Pounders - 400

Ladles and Sponges,) r , o for -M Pounder, ] 20 26 SP- "

Com Powder for the Ordnance 40 Ditto for Small Arms Ditto for Mortars and filing 1 Shells - - - 5

Block Carriage

420 68 14 10

o o

12

Barrels 1 500 o> o-

1

r

20 12 1 Set 10 10 4 4 8

20 4,000

- - 4,00a

40,000-500

- 4,000 with Belts

- - 20

Gynn, furnished'

Hand-spikes -Budge Barrels Brass Scales, with Weights Priming Irons - 7

Linstocks with. Cocks Leather Buckets Tilts with W'adtnill Hair-cloths

On Board the Men of Wat.

Travelling Carriages complete, ") with Limbers pro 24 Pounders,) Snaph. Muskets Cartouch Boxes Blurts

Spear Baynets Swords Wad-hooks Hand-spikes Budge Barrels Priming Irons Forelockeys -Heads and Rammers, great Linstocks, with Cocks Leather Buckets Tilts of Wadmill - ,

Hair-cloths Musquet Shot

Field Tampions, great Gynn, furnished

Materials for Mortarpieces.

Field Fuzees off 12y {nc{| 5oo>

C 9t Inch 5005

Sheep-skins - j J)02j

Rasps - - 6

Setters for Fuzees - - 1 D0z.

Packthread, I J";

33

8

0

1

2

0

1 o 6

16

o

o

16

8

5

2

5

13

O

O

r20

4000

466

16

81

1200

1

0

1 o 0

0 r

1

9 16

20 2 10

40 Pair 20 PaiF 10 6 6 8

i2|Tons187 10

o

13

o

5

o

15

16 8 2

5

6

5

o

o

o

20

1

o

15

o

3

6

18

TO

6

o

4

o

o

o

o

8

0

1 o o o o o o a o o

100 o O'

o

o

0

o

8

Cartridge Paper 1 Rheam 0 11 6

Port Fires - 200 10 0 0

Brass Scales, with Weights 8 Pile 1 Set 2 io 0

Sponges, with Rammer Heads, } _ ")

of 134 Inch - 3 V 2 8 0

Ditto for Mortarpieces, of 10 Inch. 6 \

Fine Flax - 25 lb. 1 5 a

Hand-spikes i Doz.. O 10 0

Hand-crow Leavers 1 Doz. t 1 0

Powder Measures, from- 8 lb. to

4 oz. . j 2 Setts 3 15 0

Bellows 2 Pair 0 4 0

Powder Horns I Doz. 0 9 o

Iron Pots, of 2 Gallons each, )

for Kitt - J 0 10 0

Small Brass Wire 5 l 0 12 6

Hand-screws Pair 8 10 0

Funnels of Plate - 8 1 0 0

Marlin 25 lb. 0 12 6

Sledge Hammers 3 0 12 0

Inch Augers 6 0 9 a

c s. dm

Gimblets 6 0 1 6

Large Mallets 6 0 9 0

Deal Chests for small Stores - 6 4 10 0

Large Padlocks for ditto 6 0 9 0

Budge Barrels 4 0 9 4

Kitt 3 Barrels 9 0 0

Quick Match 2 ditto 9 0 0

Spirit of Wine i£ Gall. 0 6 6

Hair-cloths 4 8 0 0

Small fine Canvas 150 Ells 7 10 0

Tanned Hides 10 8 10 0

Curried ditto 10 12 10 o

Linstocks with Cocks >2 1 10 10

Mealed Powder for Salting 2 Barrels 8 0 0

Small Claw Hammers 6 0 9 0

Pincers 6 Pair 9 0

Scissars 6 Pair 0 t o

Small Tacks 500 0 1 8

Match - - 10a 1 12 a

Deul Chests, to pack Arms in i Ton Fatts, to pack Cartouch 65. 0 0

Boxes, Swords, Belts, <§r.> into - -,) 30 8 £ 0

The Pay of a Store-ship, Burthen 122Q

Tons, for 12 Months, ait ro$. per Ton ? 735 o o per Month - '

Charge of extraordinary Labourers, making 1

Bulk Heads, and Freight, to put the f foregoing Mortars, Carriages and other f Stores, on board, estimated at J

150 o o

1,520 o

An Account of the Pay of the Officers belonging to the Train of Artillery, upon an Expedition with Sir Cloudedy Shovelly from the 1st of April to the 30th of Sept. 1703.

Per Diem £~ s. d

1 Fire master, at - - 8 s. 73 4 a

4 Fire-workers, each at - 4 s. 14b 8

8 Bombardiers, each at - 2 s 146 8 0

36b 0 d

c

} 2,598

s.

9

d.

6

A11 Estimate of the Value of Ordnance Carriages, Powder, Small Arms, anil other Stores and Habiliments of [War f,] shipped for Portugal, pursuant to several [Orders] l>y Letters from the Earl of,

with the yearly Charge of the Officers appointed to attend the same.

Brass Ordnance, mount-} ed on Travelling Car-> 24 Pounders 5 riages complete,) Saker - 5

nun ljiuiuua

complete Spare Limbers for Spare hind Wtaels pro Spare fore Wheels pro Spare Extrees for Tin Cases, filled with ] Musquet-shot, for J Round Shot for Ladles and Sponges for Gynn, furnished Hand-spikes -Wad-hooks Powder Horns Hand Granadoes Fuzees Field Beds

>Saker - 1 25 0 0

1 Saker 1 Pair 0 14 0

Saker 2 Pair 13 0 0

Saker 2 Pair 4 10 0

Saker 3 0 5 0

Saker 12 5 9 7 6

Saker 7!>o 17 11 6

Saker 6 La. 6Sp. 2 16 0

- - - i 9 0 0

- - 1.5 0 12 6

- - (i 0 10 6

- - 10 0 7 6

- 3,000 150 b 0

- 3,500 11 7 6

- 10 1 ro a

Ditto

[t] This Word, and also the Word " Orders," in tire subsequent Line, are supplied from the Estimate, preseutedio the House.

i Ann.

250 Novembris.

337

Ditto, Coynes Dragg Ropes Swingle Trees Boxes for Tin Cases Draw Ropes Field Tampeons, great - Ditto, small Budge Bauels Baskets -Lanthorns, ordinary Ditto, Tin -

Muscovy Lights, ordinary

Pickets

Crows of Iron

Felling Axes

Hand Bills

Ladle Staves

Tunnels of Plate -

Hand-screws

Hammers -

Pincers -

Brass Scales with Weights 8 lb..Pile Priming Irons Aprons of Lead -Sheet Lead Linch-pins Fore Lockeys -Sledges -

Heads and Rammers, small Formers, small -Canvas ... Paper Royal Tallow - -

Starch Needles -Thread ... Linstocks, with Cocks -Twine -

Marlin.

Hatchets -

4od.Nails -30 -

20 -

10 -

6 -4 -

2 - -

Brass Kettles, with Covers

Tarred Rope

White Rope of x

Brass Nails Clouts - Ditto. Nails Tilts of Wadmill Washers -Hair-cloths Sheep-skins Tanned Hides Tack Flaggs Leather Buckets -Candles -

Links -

Copper Plates -Grease -Bare Hide Dand Mills Trench Tents Stand Poles Ridge Poles Tent Pins

Mallets Tent Spikes

Vo I- 14.

s. d.

- 30 - - 0 15 0

- 6 - - 0 15 0

- 14 - - 7 0 0

8 - - 0 13 4

- 6 - - 0 15 0

- 5 - - 0 18 9

- 5 - - 0 2 1

- 5 - - 0 11 8

- 10 - - 0 5 5

- 2 - - 0 3 4

- 2 - - 0 7 4

- 2 - - 0 13 0

- 12 - - 0 18 0

- 2 - - 1 0 0

- 40 - - 6 0 0

- 200 - - 16 13 4

- 5 - - 0 5 0

- 2 - - 0 5 0

- 2 - - 4 10 0

5 - " 0 12 6

- 5 Pair - 0 5 0

of 1 Pair - 2 5 0

0 20 - - 0 4 2

mm 10 - - 0 10 0

- £ Cwt. 0 7 6

- 5 Pair - 0 2 6

- 10 Pair - 0 1 3

- 2 - - 0 9 0

- to Pair - 0 4 2

- 3 - - 0 1 3

- 30 Ells - 0 15 0

- 3 Rheams 2 11 0

- i Cwt. 1 5 0

- 4 lb. - 0 1 4

- 4 Doz. 0 0 6

- 4 lb.- 0 9 0

m 10 - - 0 15 0

- 4 lb.- 0 2 8

- 12 lb. - 0 6 0

- 200 - - 20 0 0

- 200 - - 0 6 8

- 300 - - 0 7 6

- 600 - - 0 10 0

1 1 O O O 0 8 4

1 1 O O O 0 5 0

- 500 ' - - 0 1 8

1,000 - - 0 1 8

10 - - 2 15 0

1 Cs. )

1 Cs. j 6 13 0

- 30 Fa. - 8 8 0

Cs. 60 Fa. - 9 12 0

200 - - 0 2 0

- 12 - - 0 6 0

- I50 - - 0 1 0

- 5 - 7 10 0

m 10 - - 0 3 4

5 - 12 12 0

- 2 Doz. 2 6 0

- 6 - - 7 13 0

2 - - 4 0 0

- 5 - - 0 16 8

- 20 lb. - 0 10 0

- 20 - - 0 5 10

- 2 - - 5 5 0

m 1 Cwt . 1 17 4

m 1 - - 7 10 0

2 - -

1,200 2,400 1,200 I

3 10 0

25,200

1,200

300

- -1,050 o

Spades ..... 400 Shovels ... 1,000

Pickaxes ..... 600 Sword Blades - - 6,500

Turn-pikes ... 500 Harness for Men, 40 to a Set 1

Set

2,560 Bar.

' 8,500 -6,500 - -200,000 - -

- 30 Ton -

1 Ton -

- 1 Ton -

Com Powder Snapb. Musquets Long Bayonets Flinl -Musquet Shot Pistol Shot Carbine Shot Mallets -

Match.

Tools for Ten Miners.

Polpicks - -

Tobies.

Sledges -

Wedges -

Wt. NailGimblets Gadds - -

Hand-saws

Chizels, of 12 Inch long Ditto, of 8 Axes -

Hammers -

Rozerbits 3 Foot Long Beetles -

Small Gimblets -Steering Compasses Sockets for Candles Augers of 1 Inch Ditto I

Heading Chizels 2 Foot Rules Chizels of 1 i Inch Broad Chizels Jack Plane Fore Plane Smoothing Plane Crows

Pen Hammers Small Wedges Adzees Gouges Tool Helves 40 d.Nails 20 10

Chests, with Locks and Keys For the Bombardiers, Gunners, and Miners. 'Horsemen's Tents 20

FortheBoJS ndP -

Tent Pins - 440

Mallets - - 20

Ordinary Musquets 10

25

62

no

595

725

5

7,680

9>35°

568

80

420

14

1 -

1 -

6 -

6 -

6 Doz.

2 -2 -6 Doz.

500 -500 -- 500 -2 -

bardiers.

3-

O

10

o

16

o

o

o

0

15

o

o

o

For the Miners.

For the Gunners.

Bayonets & Sock-} ets, 8sc. -I Cartouch Boxes I o Chest for Packing l Field Staves - 20

Powder Horns - w 20 (Hangers - 20

Hammocks. - - 24

White Pendant - 1

Small Vanes - 2

Flock Beds, furnished 11 Ditto for Hammocks 24 Chest pro Hand k Granadoes - -j Ditto for Arms - 340 Ditto for Sword Blades 65 Powder Barrels for} packing - -J 3 O

14 o

5 - - 0 5

10 Cwt. l6 5

18 - 2 14

18 - - 2 14

6 - - 1 4

10 - 2 10

6 - 0 3

48 - - 2 8

2 - - 0 6

3 - - 0 3

3 O 1

2 - - .0 9

3 m 0 7

3 m M 1 0

2 mm m 0 7

12 - 0 3

2 - - 0 5

24 - . 0 12

2 m m 0 3

1 % 0 4

2 m a 0 4

1 m m 0 2

5 - - 0 3

3 - - 0 2

1 - - 0 2

0 0

1 o

3

o

o

o

o

o

0

1

31

1

0

1 10

1

1

16

12

12

8

1

6

16

8

4

1

1

o

7

0

3

3

1 0

23

30

204

26

0

o

d.

o

o

o

8

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

9

6

0

6

o

o

o

o

o

o

6

0

o

9

3 o 6 6 o o o o 8 o 8

4

2

o

o o 5 o

13

10

o

2

0

0

O 12 6

5

10

10

15

15

12

5

10

2

o

o

6

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

H 15 O

0

o

26 -

308

Quarter

Receipts and Payments of the Ordnance

v

Receipts and Payments of the Ordnance

Supply.

238

5

Quarter Tun Fats - 28

Hampers - -57

The Freight of 331 Tons, Part of the foregoing Stores, at 11 per Ton per Month, for 8 Months, amounts to The Freight, of go Ton more, being the -) full of the said Stores, at 5 05-. a Ton) The Charge of Cartage, Lighterage, fioatage, and other Contingencies, in shipping off the said Stores, estimated at - -

The yearly Charge of the Officers appointed to attend the said Train.

6 Engineers, at -5 Bombardiers, at 20 Gunners, at -10 Miners, at -A Commissary, at

5° — 26°

i- s. d.

- 16 16 0

- 7 2 6

L456 8 0

225 0 0

120 0 0

A, 1703.

at 20s. a Day - 365 O 0

- 10£. a Day 1,095 0 0

2 «y. a Day 182 10 0

1 s. 6d. a Day 547 10 0

1 s. 6d. a Day 273 15 0

- 4$. a Day 73 0 0

£ 28,488 19 9

N IV. An Account of the Debt of the Office of Ordnance, for Stores delivered, and Services performed, to the 30th of Sept. 1703, with an Account of what Contracts, and Warrants, for ready to be delivered.

Stores delivered, and Services performed, to the 30th Sept. 1703:

Due to the Holland's Train -Due to the Train with Sir Chudcsly Shm Due to the Bomb Vessels -Due to the Tenders on Ditto Due to the Tenders on the Bomb- Vessels in the C/tannel Due to the Engineers and Artificers ai Jamaica - -

Due to the Bombardiers there -Due to Tenders- on Ditto - -

Due to Artificers at Newfoundland Due to Works at Newfoundland -Due for Salt-petre -Due for Salaries and Rents Due to Contracts and Warrants -Due to Gun-founders Contracts Due to Gun-makers Contracts -

res delivered, and

) c s. d

>53.722 14 7i

7 7,000 0 0

veil 366 0 0

- 860 2 0

- 1,513 10 0

;} 676 3 4

| >,665 6 0

752 0 0

- 1,670 10 0

' i,397 l9 0

- 2,000 0 0

- 27,560 0 0

' 4,840 9 41

-15,000 0 0

- 26,800 0 0

" 7,5oo 0 0

153,324 19 4i

Granville, fVm. Bridges, C. Musgrave,

Ja. Lawt Ja. Craggs.

(including Five thousand Marines) be employed for Sea Service, for the Year 1704.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that a Sum, not exceeding Four Pounds a Man per Month, for Thirteen Months, be allowed for maintaining the said Forty thousand Men, including the Ordnance for Sea Service.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the House doth

agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That a Number of Men, not exceeding Forty thousand (including Five thousand Marines) be employed for Sea Service, for the Year 1704.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That a Sum, not exceeding Four Pounds a Man per Month, for Thirteen Months, be allowed for maintaining the said Forty thousand Men, including the Ordnance for Sea Service.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for preventing occasional Conformity;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas, . "' }173.

Tellers for,he N«s.} -30.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr. Bromley, Mr. St. John, and Mr. Annesley, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

M

Veneris, 26 die Novembris;

Anno 2° Annas Regime.

Praters.

R. Parker (according to Order) presented to the

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Accounts, and Estimates, be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Brydges also acquainted the House, that, as to the Abstract of the last Remains of the Stores, taken in the Office of Ordnance, directed to be laid before the House, the same is contained in very large Books, which will take up very much Time to transcribe; but that the Books themselves are ready to be produced, when the House will please to call for the same.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of foe Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are, as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that a Number of Men, not exceeding Forty thousand

House a Bill, for the settling the Manor of Creech, in the County of Somerset, in Trustees, to enable them to renew Leases, for the Maintenance of the younger Sons of William Keyt, Esquire, deceased, during their Minority; and the same was received, and read the First time. t Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Mayor, Sheriffs, Citizens, and Commdnalty, of the City of Norwiwas presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Government of the said City consists of Mayor, Sheriffs, Aldermen, and Common Council, who must be elected out of the Freemen of the said City; the holding of which Offices are chargeable; and by Custom, or an Act of Parliament, made in the Reign of King Philip and Queen Mary, the ancient Shopkeepers were obliged to take up their Freedoms; but, siuce the said Act, many Persons, who have gained very considerable Estates, by new introduced Trades, by dealing in the Woollen Manufactory, and other Trades in the said City, refuse to take up their Freedom, to avoid the said chargeable Offices; and the Petitioners have no Power (as advised) to enforce them, by Law, to take up their Freedoms; whereby the said Offices have fallen upon mean Persons, which has and will be ruinous to many, if not prevented by an Act of Parliament: And praying, that Leave may be giveh to bring in a Bill, whereby the Government of the said City may be preserved for the future, and the Petitioners Grievances thereby redressed.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to oblige the Traders within foe City of Norwich to bear the Offices of that Corporation;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Teller

Occasional

Conformity.

Keyt's

Estate

Norwich

Corporation.

a Ann.

26° — 270 Novemhr is.

239

} 96.

Me. for he No} 8,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr. do prepare, and bring

in, the Bill.

Supply. The Souse (according to Order) resolved itself into a

Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also reported from the said Committee, that they had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 27 die Novefnbris;

Anno 2° Anns

Praters.

Bickerstaffe' A PETITION of Sir Charles and of

Ijtate. jLJl Eliz. his Wife, Ralph Freeman, senior, Esquire, Ralph Freeman, junior, Esquire, Sir Edward Wills, Sir Henry Johnson, Mr. George Tho. Foley, Esquire,

Mr. Edward Stracey, and several other Persons, Creditors of the said Sir Cha, Bickerstaffe, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner, Sir Charles, having many Years ago mortgaged several Parts of his Estate to several Persons for great Sums of Money, and some of the Mortgagees having made several Conveyances of the said Estates in Trust for themselves, and afterwards dying, the said Conveyances cannot now be found; and the Persons, in whom the Estate in Law is supposed to be (although in Trust for others) being Minors, the Petitioner Sir Charles, or his Creditors, upon Payment of the Mortgage Money, can have no Re-conveyance of the Estate, nor, in respect thereof, will any Person deal for the Purchase of the said Estates; and the Petitioner Sir Charles Bickerstajf's Estate, in case an Act of Parliament can be obtained for the Sale thereof, will, by the Agreement and Condescension of his Creditors, not only raise a Surplus, for the Benefit of the Petitioner Sir Charles, his Wife and Daughter, but also a reasonable Satisfaction to several of his Creditors, which are otherwise not provided for, the Mortgagees and Incumbrancers being willing, that it should be done: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, to vest the said Estates in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging the Incumbrances, and for making some Provision for Sir Charles, his Wife, and Daughter.

Ordered, That Leave lie given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Brewer and Sir Edward Turner do prepare, and bring ill, the Bill.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, for vesting a fourth Part of the Estate of Sir Robert Kemp, late of Spains in (which descended to his Four Sisters and Coheirs) in Trustees, to be sold, for the Benefit of the Infants, to whom that Share is descended; and the same was received, and read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Robert , Esquire, was presented

Vol. 14.

Kemp's

Estate.

to the House and read; setting forth, that, upon the Cawdron' Petitioners Marriage in 1686, he settled the Manor of Estate. Hale, and other Lands in the County of Lincoln, of 400l. per Annum, upon Jane his now Wife, and the Issue of that Marriage; but no Provision was therein made for younger Children: That a great Quantity of waste Ground did belong to the said Manor, which the Petitioner hath, at a great Expence, inclosed and improved, to the Value of 900l. per Annum; in doing whereof the Petitioner hath contracted great Debts, and laid out all his Money, which he intended' for Portions for his younger Children:

And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, to charge the said improved Estate with the Payment of Debts occasioned thereby, and to make Provision for the Petitioner's younger Children.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a BH1, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir John Thorold and Mr. Dymock do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Bromley (according to Order) presented to the Occasional House, a Bill, for preventing occasional Conformity; and Canfonnity. the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are, as follow, viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that the Forty thousand Men, which were raised to act in Conjunction with the Forces of the Allies, for making good her Majesty's Alliances, be continued for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Four.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that the additional Troops, consisting of Ten thousand Men, be continued for the Year 1704, under the same Conditions, as they were supplied the last Year.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that the Proportion of Land Forces, to act in Conjunction with the Forces of the Crown of Portugal, in pursuance of her Majesty's Treaties, be Eight thousand Men, consisting of One thousand Horse and Dragoons, and Seven thousand Foot.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that a Sum, not exceeding Eight hundred Eighty-four thousand Seventy-two Pounds, Two Shillings, and Sixpence, be granted to her Majesty, for maintaining the said Forty thousand Men for the Year 1704.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-five thousand Two hundred Seventy-two Pounds, Ten Shillings, and Six-pence, be granted to her Majesty, for Payment of her Majesty's Proportion of the Subsidies, to be paid to her Allies for Part of the said 40,000 Men, for the Service of the Year 1704.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Seventy-eight thousand One hundred and Eighty Pounds, Eleven Shillings, be granted to her Majesty, for the maintaining the said additional Troops of Ten thousand Men, and for discharging the Subsidies payable for Part of the said Ten thousand Men, for the Service of the Year 1704.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Seventy-six thousand Four hundred Eighty-one Pounds, Eleven Shillings, be granted to her Majesty, for maintaining the Eight thousand Men, to act in Conjunction with the Forces of the Crown of Pot'tugal, for the Service of the Year 1704.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds, be granted to her Majesty, for defraying of her Majesty's Proportion of the Charge of Thirteen

thousand

240 2j° — 2Q° Novembris. A. 1703.

thousand Men, to be maintained by the Crown of Portugal, for the Service of the Year 1704.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred Fifty-seven thousand Pounds, be granted to her Majesty, for maintaining of Guards and Garrisons, and Payment of the Invalids, for the Service of the Year 1704, including live thousand Men to serve on board the Fleet.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, Nomine contradicente.

Conn- Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her

pondeqce Majesty, that she will please to insist upon it with the Holland and States General, that die Stop of all Posts, and of all Fraact. Letters, Bills, and all other Correspondence, Trade, and Commerce, with Prance and Spain, be continued.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty, by such Members of this House, as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Manmog the _ The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself Nevjr. into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Part of her Majesty's Speech, which relates to the easier manning of the Navy Royal, being read;

Ordered, That her Majesty's Speech be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that the Committee had sat, and had directed him to move, that a Committee may be appointed, to receive Proposals, and prepare Heads, for a Bill, for the Increase and Encouragement of Seamen, and the speedy and effectual manning of the Navy Royal.

Ordered, That it be referred to Mr. Smith, Sir Rick. Onslow, Mr. Bridges, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Mr. Manley, Mr. Moor, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Crosse, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Conyers, Sir Chr. Mr. Musgrave, Mr.

Harley, Sir Hen. Pickering, Sir Gilbert Heathcot, Sir Fra. Child, Sir Edicard Turner, Sir Godfrey Mr. Coke, Mr. Hamond, Mr. Stanhope, Mr. Saul, Mr. Nicholson, Sir Matth. Dudley, Mr. Pitt, Colonel Colchester, Mr. Bromley, Earl of Dysert, Sir Walt. Yonge, Sir Tho. Littleton, Colonel Byerley, Mr. Mr.

Ellis, Mr. Secretary Hedges, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Foley, Sir Tho. Hartmer, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Tredenham: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and to sit de die in diem; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the said Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next (after the Second Reading of the Bill, for preventing occasional Conformity) resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of that Part of her Majesty's Speech, which relates to the easier manning the Navy Royal.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock,

Luna, 29 die Novembris}

Anno 2 Anns Regina.

Praters.

Bramber A PETITION of Thomas Viscount Windsor, of the Election. XTL Kingdom of Ireland, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner was duly chosen a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bramber, in the County of Susses, in the room of the Lord Conway, and ought to have been returned accordingly; but Edicard Sharp, Constable of the said Borough, polled several Persons, who had no legal Votes, for John Middleton, Esquire, and hath returned him, hr Wrong to the Petitioner: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

j

A Petition of Thomas Boioes, Esquire, an Infant, and B«we r Charles Beard, Gentleman, his Guardian, was presented to E tau. the House, and read; setting forth, that Thomas kenden Bowes, the Petitioner Thomas his Father, at his Death left an Estate of 500l. per Annum in London and Essex, which stands charged with several Debts and legacies, so that the annual Payments exceed the yearly Income of the Estate, and the Children of the said kenden are destitute of a due Provision for their Maintenance and Education; and the Petitioner Thomas, being an Infant, cannot sell any Part of the said Estate, or otherwise raise any Moneys, for Payment of the said Debts and Legacies, or for his own or Sisters present Maintenance and Education: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for vesting in Trustees Part of the said Estate, for Payment of the Debts and Legacies, wherewith the said Estate is charged, and for preserving the Residue, clear of Charges, for the Benefit of the Petitioner.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr.

Comyns and Mr. Musgrave do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of Grace Lady Carteret, Widow and Relict Lady of George Lord Carteret, in behalf of herself, and of John Caitn-rfE now Lord Carteret, her Son, and of Philip and tale"

Carteret, her two younger Children, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that in 1695 the said George Lord Carteret died, leaving his younger Children wholly unprovided for; and, in order to raise them Portions of 2,500 /. a piece, their Mother is willing to agree to a Sale of Part of her Jointure, of about 3,0001. Value, so as their said Brother's Estate may be charged with the Residue, Part of it lying in Devonshire and Cornwall (remote from the rest) ana would be for his Advantage to have the same sold, and the Purchase-money laid out in buying other Lands, lying nearer the rest of his Estate:

That the Estate, the Petitioner is willing to part with, as aforesaid, is Lands in Essex, to which she is entitled under a Mortgage, for Years, made to her said Husband by King Charles the Second; and some Doubts have been made touching the said Mortgage, for want of Recitals of some former Demises; to supply which Defects, and for the Purposes aforesaid, the Petitioner prays, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for vesting the several Estates in Trustees, to be sold, for raising Portions for the said younger Children; and that the Overplus of the Money, raised by Sale of the said Estates, may be laid out in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses, as the said Lands in Devonshire and Cornwall were settled.

Upon which Mr. Secretary Hedges acquainted the House, that the Matter, desired by the Petition, had been humbly laid before her Majesty; and that her Majesty had been graciously pleased to give her Consent, that such a Bill should lie brought in, the Estate having been granted by King Charles the Second.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir Cyrill Wych and Mr. Granville do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Dolben(according toOrder) presented to the House Motton's a Bill, for settling ana confirming several Exchanges, and Earl with Ralph Earl Montagu, of several Lands, and Common, of SimonMotton, and others, lying in in the s

County of Northampton, for several Lands of the said Earl's, lying near to the same, and for confirming several

Agreements

Supply.

Lard

Carteret's

Estate.

Irish

forfeitures.

Duties on Salt.

Answer to Address.

4 Ann. 9° — 30° Novembris. — ihDecembris. 541

Agreements relating to the said Exchanges; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to feceive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock. SI

Mart is, 30 die Novembris Anno 2° Annae

Prayers.

SI R Cyrill IVych (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, for vesting several Freehold Estates in Correu all and Devonshire, and several Leasehold Estates in Essex and Lincolnshire, in 1 rustees, to be sold, for raising Portions for the younger Children of George Lord Carteret, deceased, and for laying out the Overplus of the Money, raised by such Sales, in Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses, as the Lands in Cornwall and Devonshire were settled; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House being acquainted, that the Trustees, for the forfeited Estates in Ireland, attended, they were called in, and at the Bar acquainted the House, that they had prepared an Account of their Proceedings, in Two Books; One, intituled, A Report, the other, An Abstract of their Accounts, to which the Report refers; which they had ready to lay before this House, pursuant to the late Act of Parliament for that Purpose: And they presented the same to the House:

And then withdrew:

And the Titles of the said Books were read.

The Books are bound up in the Bundle of this Session. Ordered, That the said Report, and Abstract, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

give Orders to her Minister at the Hague, to insist upon it with the States General, as you desire.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the supply Committee of the whole House, who were to consider of the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are, as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that a Sum not exceeding One hundred and Eighteen thousand Three hundred Sixty-two Pounds, Thirteen Shillings, and Sixpence, be granted to her Majesty, for the Land Service to be performed by the Office of Ord nance, for the Year 1704.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that a Sum not exceeding Six thousand Pounds, be granted to her Majesty, for the Charge of circulating Exchequer Bills for another Year.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Alliance. Majesty, assuring her Majesty, that this House will pro- ith Duke of vide for the making good such Alliances, as her Majesty °avoy hath made, or shall make, with the Duke of Savoy.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty, by such Members of this House, as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, yray8 resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to and Mean., consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty,

A Bill for preventing occasional Conformity, was (ac- Occasional cording to Order) read a Second time. Conformity.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Bill be committed;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tel fortheN C-,) '3

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House/

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the Employers of the Island and North Sea Fisheries, of the ancient Town of Wells, next the Sea, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, by virtue of an Act of Parliament, for preventing Frauds in the Duties upon Salt, and for the better Payment of Debentures at the Customhouse, the Duties upon Salt are so high, that a total Stop is thereby put to the said Fisheries, the Duty amounting to more than can be made of the whole Lading of Fish: And praying the Consideration of the House, that so beneficial a Trade (as formerly) to the Petitioners, and the Publick, may not be wholly lost.

Ordered, That the said Petition be withdrawn.

Mr. Secretary Hedges acquainted the House, that their Address had been presented to her Majesty, with relation to the Continuance of the Stop of all Letters, Bills, and all other Correspondence, Trade, and Commerce, with France and Spain; and that her Majesty had been pleased to give this gracious Answer:

HER Majesty thinks the Continuation of the Stop of all Posts, and of all Letters, Bills, and all other Correspondence, Trade, and Commerce, with her Enemies, is so necessary for the publick Good, that she will forthwith Von. 14.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Mom- Manning th ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Navy, House, to consider further of that Part of her Majesty's Speech, which relates to the easier manning of the Navy Royal.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 1 die

Anno 2 Annae

Prayers.

MR. Walpole (according to Order) presented to the Foote'.

House a Bill, to enable Arabella Foote, Widow and Estate, Administratrix (with the Will annexed) of Samuel Foote, late of London, Merchant, deceased, to purchase Lands and Tenements, for the Benefit of her only Son Topham Foote, an Infant, and to and for such other Uses as the personal Estate of the said Samuel Foote, by his last Will, is limited and appointed; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

3P A Bill

i° — 2° Decembris

Keyt's

Estate.

Answer lo

Address.

Royston

Roads.

Address on the late Violent biorm.

Ways

eud Means,

242

A. 1703.

A Bill, for the settling the Manor of in the County of Somerset, in Trustees, to enable them to renew Leases for the Maintenance of the younger Sons of liam Keyt, Esquire, deceased, during their Minority, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir -

kington, Mr. Lloyd, Sir John Mordent, Sir Fra. Massam, Lord Picrrepont, Mr. Mansell, Mr. Pagit, Sir Ast-ley, Mr. Wilde, Mr. Morgan, Sir Robert Jenkinson, Mr.

Masters, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Rawney, Mr. Portman, Mr. Harley, Mr. Bertie, Colonel Mr. Parker,

Mr. Blofeid, Mr. Pigott, Sir Cha. Bloys, M Mr.

Price, Mr. Grecilk; and all that serve for the Counties of Somerset and Warwick: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the said Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 2 die Decembris;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, that their Address (assuring her Majesty, that this House will provide for making good such Alliances, as her Majesty hath made, or shall make, with the Duke of Savoy) having been presented to her Majesty, her Majesty was pleased to return her Thanks for the same; and to say, that she would take all Occasions for the Improvement of that Alliance, to the Advantage of the common Cause.

A Petition of divers Gentlemen, and others, in behalf of themselves, and many others, Inhabitants in the County of Cambridge, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Road between Royston and Caxton, in the said County are so bad, and irrepairable by the ordinary Methods of the Law, that the Petitioners have sustained great Damage thereby, and Noblemen, Gentlemen, and Persons trading with Corn, and other Goods, forsake the said Road, and find other Markets to vend their Commodities at: And praying some Direction of the House, and Relief for repairing the said Road.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for repairing the Highways between Royston and Carton, in the County of Cambridge; and that Mr. Pigott and Sir Henry Pickering do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, expressing the great Sense this House hath of the Calamity, fallen upon the Kingdom by the late violent Storm; and that this House cannot see any Diminution of her Majesty's Navy, without making Provision to repair the same; therefore they humbly beseech her Majesty, that she would immediately give Direction for repairing this Loss, and for building such capital Ships, as her Majesty shall think fit; and to assure her Majesty, that at the next Meeting, this House will effectually make good that Expence; and will give Dispatch in raising the Supplies, already voted, for making good her Majesty's Treaties with the King of Portugal, and all her Majesty's other Allies; and will consider of effectual Ways for promoting of Trade, and for manning her Majesty's Navy Royal, and for encouraging the Seamen; and that, in the mean time, her Majesty will graciously think of some Provision for the Families of those Seamen, who have been lost out of her Majesty's Ships in this Storm, until this House can provide for the same.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council, do humbly know her Majesty's Pleasure, when she will be attended by this House.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Amo 2 Annae Regime.

4

Praters.

ABILL, for vesting a 4th Part of the Estate of Sir Kemp' Robert Kemp, late of Spaines Hall, in Essex (which £ wu descended to his Four Sisters and Coheirs) in Trustees, to be sold, for the Benefit of the Infants, to whom that Share is descended, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Holland, Sir Robert Jenkinson, Mr. ConySir Tho. Mr. Topham, M. Clayton, Mr. Chase, Mr. Wentworth, Mr.

Foley, Mr. Dymock, Mr. Scobell, Mr. Harley, Sir William Drake, Major Holmes, Sir John Kay, Sir Cha. Bloys, Sir Tho. Hamner, Lord Dysert, Lord Sir Eduard

Hussey, Sir Cyril Wych, Mr. Carteret, Mr. Take, Mr.

Hicks, Mr. Drake; and all that serve for the Counties of Essex and A !urJolk: And they arelo meet this Afternoon,

at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Way# Committee of the w hole House, who were to consider of Mean . Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk s Table; where the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that, towards the Supply granted to her Majesty, an Aid, not exceeding Four Shillings in the Pound, for One Year, be laid upon all Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that all Personal Estates, Annuities, Pensions, and Offices, be charged to the said Tax.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That, towards the Supply granted to her Majesty, an Aid, not exceeding Four Shillings in the Pound, for One Year, be laid upon all Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, that all Personal Estates,

Annuities, Pensions, and Offices, be charged to the said Tax.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions; and that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Sollicitor-general, Mr- Conyers, and Mr. Lozcndes, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Occasional Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for pre- Conformity, venting occasional Conformity.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bromley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bromley reported from the said Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Mr.

iul

Queen appoints to b« attended.

Stipply Bill; Land Tax.

Answer to Address.

Irish

Forfeitures.

York West Riding Re fistrj.

Occasional

Conformity.

Ways and Means.

a Ann. a — 3® — 40 Decembris.

Mr. Secretary Hedges acquainted the House, that her Majesty having been waited upon, to know her Pleasure, when she will be attended by this House, her Majesty has been pleased to appoint this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, at St. James's.

And then the House adjourned till' Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Venerisy 3 die Decembris;

Atmo 2® Annas Regina.

Prayers.

MR. Conyers (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill, for granting to her Majesty a Land Tax, to be raised in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Four; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Speaker reported, that the House did Yesterday attend her Majesty with their Address; and that her Majesty was pleased to give this gracious Answer:

Gentlemen,

I Return you many Thanks for the Assurances you give me, of your dispatching the necessary Supplies for carrying on the War, and of your making good the Expence of the Damage happened to the Navy by the late Storm; for the repairing of which I shall use all possible Diligence and Application, and with great Hopes of seeing it speedily effected, by the Blessing of God, and your kind Assistance.

I shall carefully comply with what you desire, for relieving the Families of such poor Seamen, as have perished in the Storm; and always concur with you very readily in promoting the publick Welfare.

Resolved\That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, take iuto Consideration the Report from the Trustees for Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

The Lord Marquis of Hartington (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill, for the publick registiing of all Conveyances, Mortgages, or other Securities, that shall hereafter be made of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the West Riding of the County of York; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Bromley (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for preventing occasional Conformity, was committed, the Amendments, which they had directed him to report; which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had come to some Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Vol. 14.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, that the Committee had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbatiy 4 die Decembris;

Atmo a Annse Regina.

Prayers.

MR. Pigott (according to Order) presented to the Royston

House, a Bill, for repairing the Highways between Road . Royston and Carton, in the County of Cambridge; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Brewer (according to Order) presented to the Bickerstaff ' House, a Bill, for vesting several Estates of Sir Charles Estate. Bickerstaffe, Knight, in Trustees, for discharging the Incumbrances thereon and better Payment of his Debts, and for making some Provision for Dame Eliz. his Wife, and Frances his Daughter; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Agents for Taxes do lay before this Land Tax. House, an Account of the Monies assessed upon, and paid by, the Officers, at Whitehall, and the Exchequer, and in the City of London, to the Land Tax, and Subsidy, for the Year 1703.

A Bill, for granting to her Majesty a Land Tax, to be Supply Bill; raised in the Year 1704, was (according to Order) read Land Tax. a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill;

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, for the preventing Occasional occasional Conformity, be read the Third time upon Conformity. Tuesday Morning next

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Ways and Committee of the whole House, who were to consider Meanj. further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are, as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry,

Santed by the Act of the 1st Year of her Majesty's eign, until the 24th of June, 1704, be continued from the 23d of June, 1704, until the 24th of June, 1705.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that, towards the Supply granted to her Majesty, a Duty be laid upon all Wines in the Hands of the Retailer.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that the said Duty be Twelve-pence per Gallon, over and above all other Duties.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that the said Duty be granted for the Term of Three Years', and extend to such Wines, as Retailers have in their Hands.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Bills be brought in upon the said Resolutions; and that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer,

Mr.

6° Decembr

Sudbury

Election.

Manning

Navy.

Mot ton' and Earl Montagu': Estate.

Tipping's

Estate.

244 4° —

Mr. Solicitor-general, Mr. Conyers, and Mr. > do

prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to them, that they do make Provision in the Bill, against the adulterating of Wines.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to them also, that they do ascertain the Wine Gallon.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of Sudbury, be made upon Monday Morning next.

the The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of that Part of her Majesty's Speech, , which relates to the easier manning the Navy Royal;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider also of that Part of her Majesty's Speech, which relates to the excessive Price of Coals.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction also to the said Committee, that they do consider of effectual Ways for recruiting her Majesty's Land Forces.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had sat, and made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of that Part of her Majesty's Speech, which relates to the easier manning of the Navy Royal.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Ltmce, 6 die Decembris.

Anno 2 Annte Regime.

Praters.

ABILL, for settling and confirming several Exchanges, with Ralph Earl Montagu, of several Lands, and Common, of Simon Motton, and others, lying in Geddington, in the County of Northampton, for several

Lands of the said Earl's, lying near to the same, and for confirming several Agreements relating to the said Exchanges, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Yates, Mr. Topham, Mr. Roberts, Sir Jos. Mr. Fleming,

Sir Fra. Massam, Sir Robert JMr. Clayton, Mr.

Palmes, Mr. Carteret, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Granville, Sir Godfry Copley, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Dormer, Mr. Henley, Mr. Norton, Mr. Cordoned, Mr. Pitt, Serjeant Whitaker, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Pendarvis, Mr. Cragg,

Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Smith, Sir Gilbert Heathcot, Mr. Pagitt, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Dummer; and all, that serve for the County of Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of Sir Thomas Tipping, Baronet, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner's Father charged his Estate with a considerable Debt, and settled the same on the Petitioner for 'Life, Remainder to his Issue, in Tail Male: That 500l. Part of the said Debt, is since discharged; but the Petitioner is not able to satisfy the Remainder out of the Rents and Profits of the said Estate, and, being only Tenant for Life, cannot sell any Part thereof, without an Act of Parliament: That the Manor of Iclcford, in the County of Bucks, is Part of the so settled Estate, which, if sold, would clear the said Debt, and be for the Benefit of the Petitioner, and all claiming in Remainder by the said

A. 1703.

Settlement: And praying, that L6ave may be given -to bring in a Bill, to enable the Petitioner to sell the said Manor of Ickford,to discharge the said Debt, and for

laying out the overplus Money in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses, as the said Manor is settled.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir Robert Jenkinson and Mr. Conyers do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of tire Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, of Worcester the City of Worcester, wras presented to the House, and Workhouse, read; setting forth, that the Petitioners taking into their Consideration the great Burden tire industrious Citizens lie under by their lazy Poor,'amounting annually to near 4$. in the Pound, they find no Relief can be had, but by the charitable Assistance of the House, in passing a Bill, to enable a Body of the said Citizens to compel their idle Poor to Work, and to raise a sufficient Stock for employing the m: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for enabling the Petitioners to build a Work-house in the said City, for the setting the Poor on Work.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr.

Wylde and Mr. Swift do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Bill, to enable Arabella Foot, Widow and Administra- Foot trix (with the Will annexed) of Samuel Foot, late of Estate.] London, Merchant, deceased, to purchase Lands and . Tenements, for the Benefit of her only Son Topham Foot, an Infant, and to and for such other Uses, as the personal Estate of the said Samuel Foot, by his last Will, is limited and appointed, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Walpole,

Sir Joseph Jekyll, Mr. Topham, Mr. Carteret, Mr. A Mr. Lowtules, Sir Robert Jenkinson, Mr. Clayton, Mr.

Dolben, Mr. Mansell, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Palmes, Sir Rushout Cullen, Mr. Dummer Mr. Bere, Mr. Conyers,

Mr. Fagg, Sir Walter Yonge, Mr. Clark, Mr. Johnson,

Mr. Hysham, Mr. Knatchbull, Colonel Sir Cha.

Turner, Mr. Sharp, Mr. Compton, Mr. Wylde, Mr.

Dowdswell; and all, that serve lor the Counties of Berks and Surrey: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Bromley (according to Order) reported, from the Sudbury Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, touch- Election, ing the Election for the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are, as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of George Dashwood, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Joseph Haskenstyles, Esquire, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Sudbury:

That by the Petitioner's Counsel it was insisted, that the Right of Election was only in the Sons of Freemen, born after their Fathers were made free; in such, as have served seven Years Apprenticeships within or

were made free by Redemption.

That the Sitting Member's Counsel insisted, that,besides the Persons qualified, as aforesaid, those, that have served as Clerks to Attorneys within Sudbury, by virtue of such Service were free of Sudbury, and had a Right to vote in Elections.

And the Sitting Member's Counsel called Mr. Tho.

Carpenter, Mr. Clement Ray, who said, that such, as had served as Clerks to Attorneys within Sudbury, and had no other Right, had been admitted to vote at several Elections, within' 40 Years lost past, and were never refused.

That, for the Petitioner was called, Mi\ Cole;

who said, he had served an Attorney in Sudbury, as his -Clerk; but purchased his Freedom. He acknowledged,

his

6° Decembris.

a Ann.

245

his Master died before his Time was out; though, had it been otherwise, such Service would not have entitled him to his Freedom. He confessed, Attornies have.voted at former Elections, and he never knew any refused; yet he took that to be only a Matter of Favour, and not of Right.

That the Committee came to this Resolution:

1. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right of Election of Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, is only in the Sons of Freemen, born after their Fathers were made free, and in such, as have served Seven Years Apprenticeships, or are made Freemen by Redemption.

That, upon the Poll, there were,

For Mr. Haskenstyles - - 365.

For Mr. Dashwood' - 344.

But the Petitioners Counsel alleged, it appeared by the Poll, that one Person had polled twice for the Sitting Member; which would reduce his Poll to 364, and gave him the Majority by 20 only.

That then the Petitioners Counsel proceeded to take off, and disqualify, several, that had polled for the Sitting Member, on these Heads; as being no Freemen, either not having served 7 Years Apprentices, or not being the Sons of Freemen; as receiving Alms; as Votes obtained by Bribery, or Treats.

Some Witnesses spoke to several Persons having voted for the Sitting Member, who had not served 7 Years Apprentices; which was allowed, as to 13 of them.

Other Witnesses spoke to several others, who were not the Sons of Freemen; which was also allowed as to Six of them.

Six more were objected against, as receiving Alms; and no Answer given to it.

As to Bribery; a Letter was produced by John Gilson, directed to him by Sir John Cordell (who married the Sitting Member's Daughter) to make what Interest he could for the Sitting Member, upon the former Election being made void by this House. Gilson testified, that he received 16s. from the Innkeeper at the George, to make Interest for him, and 5s. from Sir John Cordell; and so did some others.

Tho. Merills said, Sir John Cordell sent to him, to be for the Sitting Member; which he refusing, unless something was given him, Sir John gave him 2$. 6d. and bid him not speak of it; and Sir John Cordell told him, that, if the Election was not prolonged 3 or Days, Mr.

Dashwood would prevail: It was continued Three Days, when, at other Times, it has been ended in one.

Some Freemen (the Witnesses said) came from to vote for the Petitioner; but Mr. Cole, his Agent, refusing to entertain them, and pay for their Horses, they voted for the Sitting Member; his Friends and Agents paying for their Horses, and giving them Money to bear their (Charges.

Edward Tyler, Tho. Bantock, said, they intended to vote for Mr. Dashwood; but their Master, to whom they worked, desired them to vote for the Sitting Member, and gave them 5 s.a-piece.

Evidence was given of several Freemen, who lived at Colchester, who were treated at the Election, on the Sitting Member's Account

That the Counsel endeavoured to add Four to the Petitioner's Poll; Two of which were allowed him; the others were objected against, as receiving Charity.

It was said, that those, who voted for the Sitting Member, had Liberty to come in at a Door, contrived for their Convenience, when the others catnc up with Difficulty to the Bar; and Evidence was given, on both Sides, of Rudeness offered to the Voters.

Some spoke as to Money, that had been offered to Persons, to charge the Petitioner with Bribery.

That the Counsel for the Sitting Member answered, that it did not appear Sir John Cordell had any Direction to concern himself for the Sitting Member, who was invited to stand, and was so indifferent, he was not present at the Election.

Vol. 14.

As to the i6j. given to Gilson; they said it was be- Sudbury fore the W rit came out for the Election, and for his Loss Elation, of Time, he being a Labourer.

As to the Charges of Bribery, and Treating, they endeavoured to recriminate, by calling

John Allison; who said, Richard Bouncer told him, he had 10#. given him, to vote for the Petitioner, or else he had voted for the Sitting Member.

Several Witnesses gave Evidence of at least 20 Persons, that were treated during the Election, with Meat and Drink, at one Underwood's: That they were directed to go thither by Mr. Cole, art agent for Mr. Dashwood i That Underzvoodcame to them, and said, there was no-

thing for them to pay; and spoke to them to vote for Mr. Dashwood.

Other Witnesses proved, that about 20 Colchester men were entertained at William Buck's, at the Angel at Sudbury, some of which had Horses provided for them; and some of them said, they had staid at Home, and not gone to the Election, but that their Charges were borne.

That then they proceeded to disqualify some, who voted for the Petitioner; of which Five were admitted, and Answers given to the rest.

That, in Reply to this Evidence, the Petitioner's Counsel called Witnesses to the Reputation of some, that had given Testimony of Money given on the Account of the Petitioner; and charged them, as Men of ill Fame.

That, after this, they called John Underwood; who positively affirmed, that no Persons were treated at his House, during the Election, on the Petitioner's Account; but that the Reckonings were paid by those that eat and drank there, before they went away; and besides, a Week before the Election, Mr. Dashwood told him, if he drew any Drink on his Account, he would not pay for it.

And Richard Root said, he was present at the Angel, when the Colchester Men were there; and heard Buck the Innkeeper (before One Shilling w as spent) say, there was nothing to be drank, but what they paid for; and that he, particularly, paid js. 6d. and one Kent gs. having an Horse there.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee come to these Resolutions; vis.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Joseph Haskenstyles, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That George Dashwood, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough oiSudbury.

The said several Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, by rasing the reout the Name of Joseph Haskenstyles, Esquire, and inserting, instead thereof, the Name of George Dashwood, Esquire.

Resolved, That this House will, upon IFednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and Means. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a supply Bill Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for Land Tax. granting to her Majesty a Land Tax, to be raised in the Year 1704.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers look the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House w ill please to receive tire same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Wednesday Morning next.

3 Q And

v

Ferrar's Debt to the Crown.

York West

Hiding

Registry.

Sudbury

Return

Amended.

Occasional

Conformity,

Lord

Carteret's

Estate.

246 7 — 8° D Ai 1763

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 7 die

Anno 2 Annae Regina.

Prayers.

A PETITION of John F Esquire, was'presented to the House, and read} setting forth, that, in the late Reign, the Petitioner became bound for John Mason, late Receiver-general of the County of Cambridgeupon stating whose Accounts, there appeared a considerable Sum due to her Majesty; and his Estate was extended, and sold to the best Advantage, the Money, arising the reby; being paid into the Exchequer; and Mason is now in Prison; yet there still remains due to her Majesty, above 2,000l. for Payment whereof the Petitioner's Estate is extended, to the utter Ruin of himself, and Five Children: And praying, that a Clause may be admitted impowering the Lord High Treasurer to make a Composition with the Petitioner.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. Ordered, That the Agents for Taxes do lay before this House, an Account of what is due from the said Mr. Ferrar, as he is Surety for the said Mr. Mason.

A Bill, for the publick registering of all Conveyances, Mortgages, or other Securities, that shall hereafter be made of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Marquis of Hartington, Sir Chr. Musgrave, Mr. Wentworth, Lord Powlet, Mr. Conyers, Mr. How, Sir Gods. Copley, Sir Edw. Hussey, Mr. Benson, Mr. Mount ague, Mr. Moncton, Mr. Moor, Sir Tho.Wroth, Mr. Shepherd, Mr. Comyns, Sir Wa. Yonge, Mr. Clark, Mr. Crawley, Earl of Orrery, Sir Hum. Macworth, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Clayton, Sir Isaac Rebow, Mr. Bence, Colonel Wharton, Colonel Colchester, Sir Bryan Stapleton, Sir Tho. Travell, Mr. Geeand all that serve for the County of York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and they have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Clerk of the Crown attended, and (according to Order) amended the Return for the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk.

An ingrossed Bill, for preventing occasional Conformity, was (according to Order) read the Third time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill do pass;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for,he Yeas, £ aChrisIHales: }

Tellers for the Noes, [

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Title be, An Act for preventing occasional Conformity.

Ordered, That Mr. Bromley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii 8 die Decembris;

Anno 2° Annas Regina.

Prayers.

AB1LL, for vesting several Freehold Estates in Cornwall and Devonshire, and several Leasehold Estates

in Essex, in Trustees, to be sold, Tor raising Portions for the younger Children of George Lord Carteret, deceased.

and for laying out the Overplus of the Money, raised by such Sales, in Purchase of other Lands, to be setded to the same Uses, as the Lands in Cornwall and Devonshire were settled, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr; Carteret, Mr Pynnell, Sir John Holland, Mr. Sir

Wych, Mr. Smith, Mr. Wentworth, Mr. Mr.

Dowdswell, Mr. Scobell, Mr. Mr. Sir

Roger Mostyn, Sir Jos. TredenhMr. Mr.

Conyers, Sir John Mordent, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Curson, Sir Wm. Stricklaiul, Mr. Grahme, Earl of Orrery, Sir Fra. Childc, Sir Edw. Hussey, Mr. Palmes, Sir Rush Cidlen, Sir William St. Quintin, Mr. Mr.

St. John, Mr. Hicks, Mr. Ilarvey, Mr. Comyns, Mr. A ns-tis, Mr. Manky, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Coke, Mr.

Mr. Poley, Mr. Bruce, Mr. AsMr. Boyle; and) all that serve for the Counties of Devon and Cornwall; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clocl(, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of Thomas Leigh, Joh/i Savage, Hercules Courtney, and Thomas Bomjurd, Four of the Receivers of the Rents of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, in behalf of themselves, and the Executors of Roger Esquire,

deceased, another Receiver, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Trustees for Sale of the said forfeited Estates, by their Report laid before this House, charge the Petitioners, and other Receivers, with English Money in their Hands, 6,019/. 1 s- 7id. and, over and above that Sum, 6,010 7 0 which they

were to be allowed, on paying their Balances, and producing Vouchers for w hat they craved Allowances: That though the Receivers may be accountable for so much Money, yet they have not the same in their Hands, having expended great Part thereof in the Service of the Publick; for which they ought to have Allowances, as also to be considered for their faithful Services in their several Trusts: And praying, that they may be relieved, touching their Allowances, and for their said Services.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Report from the Trustees be taken into Consideration.

A Petition of the Earl of Limerick being offered to the House;

Atid a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Petition be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to w hom the Bill, for granting unto her Majesty a Land Tax, to be raised in the Year 1704, was committed, the Amendments, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then several of them a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Amendment, Fo. 29. I. 4. (for leaving out the Oath to the Commissioners) being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The Residue of the Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for excusing a Pension, to the Clergy of the Isle of Man, from the said Tax.

And the same was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause w>as offered to be added to the Bill, for excusing the Fee-farm Rents of Christ's College, in Cambridge, from the Tax.

And the same was once read, and ordered to be withdrawn.

Another

Irish

Forfeitures.

Petition from Earl of Li-meriik.

Supply Rill; Land Tax-

i Anni

8° — 90 — 140 — 150 Decembris.

347

Way and Means.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, that Members of this House be Commissioners.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

And several Amendments were made to the Bill by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of W ays and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Bickerst&ffc's

Estate

Irish For Jehures

Adjourn-

ment.

Jovis, 9° Anno 2°

Prayers.

die Decemb;

Ann® Regina.

AB IL L, for vesting several Estates of Sir

Bickerstaffe, Knight, in Trustees, for discharging the Incumbrances thereon, and better Payment of his Debts, and for making some Provision for Dame his Wife, and Frances his Daughter, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Mordant, Sir Henry Bellasyse, Mr. Foley, Sir Ben. Bathurst, Sir Rich.Middleton, Mr. Goring, Sir Tho. Wroth, Mr. Renda, Mr. Harcourt, Mr.

Mr. Verncy, Sir C'yrill Wyche, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Banks, Mr. Crosse, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Blofeld, Mr. Masters, Sir Gerv. Elwes, Mr. Fozcndes, Mr. Mr. Bingham,

Mr. Lee, Mr. Harley, Sir Dudley Cullum, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Onslozv, Mr. WilkinSjSir James Ash, Mr. Caesar,

Lord Hide; and all that serve for Kent and Sussex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House being informed, That the Trustees for the forfeited Estates in Ireland, attended;

Ordered, That the said Trustees be called in; and that they be acquainted with the Petition of the Receivers of the Rents of the Forfeited Estates, presented to the House Yesterday.

And the Trustees were called in accordingly; and being at the Bar, the said Petition was read; and the Trustees gave the House an Account of the Matter, relating to the said Petition.

And being also asked, what Benefit Captain James Roch has had by the Acts, that have passed, in relation to the Grants to him; they also gave the House an Account thereof: And they also acquainted the House with a Mistake, that had happened, in relation to a Contract for a Purchase, made by the Corporation, for hollow Blades.

And then they withdrew:

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day-Seven-night, take into further Consideration the Report, and Account, of the said Trustees.

Ordered, That the said Trustees be discharged of their further Attendance at present.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

Martis, 14® die Decembris;

Anno 2® Ann® Regina.

Prayers.

APETITION of Ambrose AndreuSs, of Saffron Andrews' Walden, in the County of Essex, Gentleman, and E ute? John Andrews, his Son, and AElia, and Mary, Andrews, his Daughters, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that by a Settlement, made in 1682, by John Andrews, the elder, deceased, the Manor of Hitcham, in Suffolk, with its Appurtenances, were settled upon the Petitioner Ambrose, for Life, Remainder in Tail Mail, Remainder to his Daughters, and their Heirs:

That the Petitioner Ambrose hath contracted great Debts, for most Of which his said Son John is bound with him; and he, and his Sisters, being all of full Age, and the only Persons that are any Ways interested in the said Manor, are desirous, that the same may be charged with . 1,500l. for Payment of the said Debts; and there is no Provision made by the said Settlement, for the Petitioners - ( Ambrose or John to make a Jointure, or Leases, of any Part Of the said Premises: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, to charge the said Manor with

D O 7 0

1,500l. for Payment of the said Debts, and to supply some Defects in the Settlement, by giving Power to the said John Andrews to make a Jointure, and Leases, of the said Estate.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Comyns and Mr. Hammond do prepare, and bring in, the Bill;

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Committees.

An ingrossed Bill, for granting an Aid to her Majesty Supply Bill; by a Land Tax, to be raised in the Year 1704, was read Land Tax. the Third time.

And several Amendments being proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 16. L. 1st, To leave out "Two," and insert "Three:"

Press 39: L. 8. After " Pensions,", to insert " taxable at London:"

The same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That the Bill do pass;

and that the Title be, An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Four.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Ways and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Me " -consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

MercufU, 15® die Decembris; Anno 2 Ann® Regina.

That the House do adjourn till Tuesday Morning a Clock;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas, MostVn>

Nine

Prayers.

APETITION of the Right Honourable Charlotte Earl of

Countess Dowager of and Holland, in 41111

behalf of her Son the present Earl of Warwick and Hoi-

land,under the Age of Seven Years, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner's late Husband, the late Earl deceased, was seised of several Houses in Great St. Bartholomew's Parish, London,

Which are now vested in the said Infant, and are so very ruinous, that many of them must be relu.lt; and several And the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning, substantial Persons have offered to take Leases, and repair Nine a Clock, accordingly. or rebuild, the same, as Occasion shall require, provided

Vol. 14. such

I Mr.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

181.

143-

48 150 Decembris. . 1703.

such a Term of Years be granted them, as usually; but there being no Power vested in any Person to make such Leases, during the present Earl's Minority, no certain Interest can be granted to Builders, without an Act of Parliament: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, to enable the Guardians of the said Earl, during his Minority, to make Leases of such of the said Premises, as are ruinous, and want to be rebuilt.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Bridgman and Mr. Bertie do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Dr. Gastrell' Ordered', That Doctor Gastrcll be desired to preach

to preach on before this House at St. Westminster, upon

19 th Jan. Wednesday the 19th Day of January next, being the Day

appointed by her Majesty's royal Proclamation for a general Fast; and that Sir Christopher Musgrave and Mr. Conyers, do acquaint him therewith.

Bowes Mr. Comyns (according to Order) presented to the

Estate. House a Bill, for vesting in Trustees Part of the Estate,

late of Thomas Harlackenden Bowes, for Payment of the Debts and Legacies, wherewith the said Estate is charged, and for preserving the Residue, clear of Charges, for the Benefit of Thomas Bozves, Esquire, an Infant; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Tippings' Mr. Conyers (according to Order) presented to the

Estate. House a Bill, to enable Sir Thomas Tipping, Baronet, to

sell the Manor of IckJ'ord, in the County of Bucks, for the

Payment of a Debt, charged upon the same, and other his Estate, and for laying out the overplus Money, to be raised, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses, as the said Manor of Ickford is settled; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

York West

Riding

Registry.

Coke'

Estate.

A Petition of Bazil Heine, Joseph Suffield, John lot'd, Nathanael Barnadiston, William Lamb, Esquires, Sir John Meeres, Knight, John Daniel Bland, and

Edward Bulstrode, Esquires, the present Clerks of Enrolment of the High Court of Chancery, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that by Letters Patent in the 16th of Queen Eliz. the then Six Clerks, and Clerks of the Petty Bag, and their Successors, were incor-

?orated, by the Name of the Clerks of Enrolment in the ligh Court of Chancery, and made Officers, for enrolling all Bargains, Sales, Recognizances, and other Writings; which Office has been of great Benefit to the Subjects of this Kingdom, and has been so carefully and methodically executed, that there has not been one Complaint made thereof since its first Erection: That the Petitioners are informed, there is a Bill depending in the House, for the publick registering of all Conveyances, -Mortgages, and other Securities, that shall hereafter be made of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the West Riding of the County of York, which will be greatly prejudicial to the Petitioners: And praying, that they may be heard by their Counsel against the said Bill, before the same do pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, before the Committee, thereupon.

A Petition of William Coke, Son and Heir apparent of Robert Coke, of Trusley, in the County of Derby, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that on the nth of Oct. 29 Car, 2di, the said Robert Coke, settled his Estate upon himself, for Life, Remainder, as to Part, on Eliz. his Wife, Remainder to their Issue Male in special Tail, Remainder to his right Heirs for ever: That Robert had only Issue the Petitioner, whose Mother died in his Infancy, and his said Father growing melancholy, a Commission of Lunacy was granted to his three Brothers, which, upon the Death of King William, was renewed by her present Majesty: That the Petitioner was some Years since married to Katharine, his now Wife, by whom he

hath Seven small Children, Six of which, in case the Petitioner should die before his said Father, are wholly unprovided for, and will lie at the Mercy of their eldest Brother:

That there are several Debts owing upon the Lunatick's own single Bond, before his Lunacy, which the Petitioner is willing to Pay; and conceives it also reasonable, that some Provision should be made out of the said Estate for his Wife, and younger Children, which cannot be done without an Act of Parliament: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, to subject the said Estate to the Payment of the said Robert's Debts, and for making a Provision for his Wife, and younger Children.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr.

Coke and Mr. Dyott do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of her Majesty's Justices of the Peace, and Duty of Salt. Grand Jury, at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, held for the County of Chester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners believe, that the Imposition upon home-made Salt is found deficient in the Produce at the Exchequer, by reason of the great Charge in the Collection and Management thereof, and the many Frauds and Perjuries, to which it is exposed; and yet it is found very burthensome to the Subject: And praying, that the said Imposition on home-made Salt may be taken off, and the Fund, for which it was granted, supplied by some other equivalent Tax.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty;

It passed in the Negative.

The House' being informed that Mr. Clayton, one of La 1 Tax. the Agents for Taxes, attended at the Door, he was called in, and at the Bar (according to Order) presented to the House, An Account of the Moneys assessed upon, and paid by, the Officers at Whitehall, and the Exchequer, and in the City of London, to the Land Tax, and Subsidies, for the Year 1703.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Complaint being made to the House, of a printed Privilege — Paper, intituled, " The Observator: Further Remarks j el'ous " on occasional Conformity: From Wednesday, Decern- u lClllM,ll

" ber the 8th, to Saturday, December the 1 ith, 1703 :"

Which printed Paper was delivered in at the Clerk's Table; and the First Paragraph therein read;

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to esquire, who is the Author, and Printer, of the said Paper.

x\nd it is referred to Mr. Take, Mr. Sir Humph. Mackworth, Mr. Walpole, Colonel Lee, Mr.

Compton, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Pagitt, Sir Ben). Bathurst, Mr.

How, Sir John Kay, Mr. Knatchbull, Mr. Comyns, Mr.

Harvey, Sir John Packington, Mr. Herne, Mr.

Kir. Bromley, Mr. Smith, Mr. Verney, Mr. Boyle, Mr.

Wilkins, Sir Fra. Child, Lord Powlet, Mr. Cesar, Sir Jus.

Jekyll, Mr. Lawson: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and they have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Sir Tho. Bellott, Baronet, was presented Newcastle to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the Election of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Newcastle under Line, in the Room of the Lord Gower, the Petitioner, and John Crczo Ojjlcy, Esquire, stood Candidates; and the Petitioner w as duly elected, and ought to have been returned; but Mr. Burton, the present Mayor, polled several for Mr. Offley, who had no Right to vote, and rejected several, that had a Right, and would have polled for the Petitioner; and hath returned

Mr.

uaJlJ

I.icentinus-§ hew uf the £ress.

Ways and Means.

Jenlun's

Estate.

Lord Jerroyn V £sUte.

4 AnN 15°- — 16° Decembrls. 249

Mr. Offley,to the Petitioner's Prejudice; and the said

Mayor, Mr. Offley himself, the late Mayor, and other Mr. Off ley's Agents, did, by Treating, Bribery, and other illegal Means, procure Votes for him: And praying, that the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and give the Petitioner such Relief, as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and thatfhev do examine tire Matter thereof, and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

r

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to restrain the Licentiousness of the Press; and that Mr. Solicitor-general, Mr. Gzeyn, Mr. Smith, Mr. and the Lord Marquis of Harrington, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred, and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 16 die Decembris. Anno 2 Ann® Regime.

Praters.

Earl of Dysert, hordConingsby, Sir Cha. Mr.

and Air. Clayton,do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of IFlUiam Savage, Esquire, was presented BickereufTa to the House, and read; setting forth, that Sir Charles Estate. Bicker staff is justly indebted to the Petitioner, by Bond and Judgment, 200l. with several Years Interest, amounting in all to above 3001. That there is a Bill depending in the House, for vesting several Estates of the said Sir

Cha. in Trustees, for discharging several Incumbrances thereon, and better Payment of his Debts, and for making some Provision for his Wife and Daughter; in which Bill there is no Provision made for satisfying the Petitioner's said Debt: And praying, that the Petitioner, as well as others, may receive Satisfaction for his said Debt.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Sir John Thorold (according to Order) presented to Cawdron'e the House a Bill, to enable Robert Cawdron to settle Part E tate. of an improved Estate, for raising Portions for his younger Children; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the City York City of York was presented to the House, and read; setting Court of forth, that the City of York does very much abound with Con cience poor Tradesmen, and other indigent Persons, who, for want of a Court of Conscience, for Recovery of Debts under 40 s.are daily arrested, and held to special Bail, for inconsiderable Debts, to the Ruin of many Families:

And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for establishing a Court of Conscience, after the Manner of those in London, Bristol, Gloucester, Newcastle, and Norwich.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir William Robinson and Mr. Jenkins, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A PETITION of John Jenkins, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner being greatly indebted upon his Estate in the Counties of Northumberland and Durham, and the same being in the Possession of the Mortgagees, and the Petitioner only Tenant for Life of the Equity of Redemption, as are also his next Brothers, with remainder to their Issue (which Issue are Infants) the Estate will be eaten out by the Mortgage-money, and Interest, the which, if sold, a good Surplus would remain to them, and their Issue; but it cannot be sold to the best Advantage, without art Act of Parliament: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for sale of the said Estate, or so much thereof, as will pay off the Mortgagees, so that the Remainder, or Surplus of the Purchase-money, may remain, or be laid out again, and settled to the same Uses, as the said mortgaged Estate is settled.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir Robert Edon and Mr. Smithson do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of Sir Robert Daxers, Baronet, on the behalf of himself and his Lady, and Thomas Bond and Gray James Grove, Esquires, was presented to the House, and

read; setting forth, that the Petitioners, and others, the Coheirs of the late Lord Jermyn, deceased, have entered into Articles, for the disposing, and Division of his Estate; but they cannot arrive at a binding Execution thereof, by reason of the Infancy of the eldest Son of the Petitioner Bond (the Heir of one of the said Coheirs) without the Aid of an Act of Parliament: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for the confirming, and better Execution, of the said Articles.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that the Vo . 14.

A Petition of Edmund Webb, Esquire, Edward Rigby, Creditors of William Sherrard, Peter Dufresney, Nicholas Alexander, Queen ®f and Wm. Edmunds, on behalf of themselves, and other Jamesl Creditors of the late King James's Queen, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there is about 7,000l. due to the Petitioners, for Services done, and

Goods sold, for the said Queen s necessary Support; and, in order to be paid the same, the Petitioners did, in 1689,

1690, and the last Session of this Parliament, make their Application to the House, shewing, that the Arrears of Rents, and Fines, then, and now, remaining in Tenants Hands, of the Manor of Dantsey, in the County of Wilts, and of Bedford Levell, Part of her said Majesty's Estate, settled for her separate Provision, were (as advised) liable to the Petitioners Demands, and are sufficient to pay them; but the Petitioners have no Means, by the ordinary Course of Justice, to compel the said Queen's surviving Trustees to execute their Trust, for Payment of the Petitioners said Debts: That, in the several Sessions aforesaid, there were divers Proceedings in favour of the Petitioners, but, for want of Time, they had no Effect thereof: And praying the Hou e to take their Case into Consideration, and to afforelthe Petitioners Relief therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be withdrawn.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) presented to the Supply Bill; House a Bill, for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Alum, Duum. Cyder, and Perry, for one Year; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Hammond reported from the Committee, to whom increase of it was referred to receive Proposals, and prepare Heads Seamen, for a Bill, for the Increase and Encouragement of Seamen, and for the speedy and effectual manning of the Navy Royal, that they had made some Progress in the Matters

3 R to

Increase of Seamen.

350 16 Decembris. A. 1703,

to them referred, and (while they have other Matters un- 14. That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

der Consideration)had come to.several Resolutions, which that the said Custom-house Officers do insert, at the Bot-they had directed him to report to the House: Which he tom of their Cocquets, the Number of Men and Boys on read in his Place, arid afterwards delivered in at the board the respective Ships going out of every Port; Clerks Table; where the same were read, and are, as therein distinguishing, who are Apprentices; with their follow; vh. respective Names, Ages, and the Date of their Indentures;

1. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, without Fee or Reward.

that there be Provision made by Law, to impower Justi- 15. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ces of the Peace, in their respective Counties, to.bind such that every such Apprentice be exempted from Payment of Boys, as are of Ten Years of Age, or upwards, Appren-' the Six-pence per Month to Greenwich Hospital, till he tices to the Sea Service, who are chargeable, or whose Pa- shall attain the Age of Seventeen Years, rents are chargeable to their Parishes, or who do beg. 16. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee

2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that such, as shall bind themselves Apprentices voluntarily that the Age of such Boys, respectively, be inserted in their into the Merchants Service at Sea, shall not be impressed Indentures, from the Register of the Parish, fi'om whence for Three Years.

they shall be bound Apprentices. 17. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

3. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that the Indentures of such voluntary Apprentices be re-that all Indentures, whereby such Apprentices shall be gistered, and Certificates given, in order to their having bound, be fairly entered in a Book, to be kept for that Protections for the said Term of Three Years, without Purpose, by the Collector of the Customs, or other chief Fee or Reward.

Officer of the Port, whereunto the Master, or Owner, to 18. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, whom such Apprentices shall be so bound, does belong, that all such Parish Apprentices be conveyed to such Port, without Fee or Reward. where they shall be so bound, in the same Manner, as is

4. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, provided by an Act of the 11 th and 12th of the late King that such Boys be bound Apprentices, till they attain the William the 3d, relating to Vagrants.

Age of One-and-twenty Years. 19. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

5. Resolved, That it is the'Opinion of this Committee, that all Persons adjudged to be Rogues, Vagabonds, and

that such Boys shall not be impressed, or suffered to enter sturdy Beggars, by an Act of Parliament made in the themselves, into her Majesty's Service, till they be of 39th Year of Queen Elizabeth, be taken up, and sent Seventeen Years of Age. into the Sea Service.

6. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 20. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

that a Provision be made by the respective Parishes, for that all such Persons be conveyed into the said Service, in the necessary Clothing of such Apprentices, so to be bound such Manner, as is provided by an Act of the 11th and to the Sea Service. 12 th Years of the late King William the 3d, relating to

7. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Vagrants.

that the said Collector of the Customs, or other chief a 1. Resolved, That [it] is the Opinion of this Commit-Officer, do send a Certificate in Writing, under their tee, that Provision be made by Law, to impower Justices Hands, containing the Name, and Age, of every such of the Peace, or chief Magistrates, of the County, Town, Apprentice, to the Lord IIi»h Admiral, or Commissioners or Place, in, or adjoining to, any Port, where any such of the Admiralty, for the Time being, upon which Pro- Ship or Vessel shall come in, to hear and determine Coinfections are to be granted, without Fee or Reward. plaints of such Apprentices, of hard Usage from their

8. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Masters.

that such Certificates be not required to be upon slampt 22. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Paper. that Provision be made by Law, for the better instructing

9. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, of Youth in the Art of Navigation.

that every Owner, or Master, of any Vessel, from 30 to 50 The first four of the said Resolutions, being severally

Ton, be obliged to take one such Apprentice, and one read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put

more for the next 50 Ton, and one more for every Hun- thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

died Ton such Vessel shall exceed the former Burthen, The fifth Resolution being read a Second time;

and so, proportionably, one Apprentice more for every An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto,

a 00 Ton, that such Vessel shall contain over and above by leaving out " Seventeen," and instead thereof inserting

the Number of Tons beforementioned. " Eighteen."

to. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, And the same was, upon the Question severally put

that the said Officers of the Customs do, in their several thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ports, keep a Register of the Number of Ships and Vessels, Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Com-

and their respective Burthen, and the Number of such mittee, in the said Resolution, so amended, That such Apprentices in each Ship and Vessel, respectively, be- Boys shall not be impressed, or suffered to enter them-longing to their respective Ports, and from what Parishes selves, into her Majesty's Service, till they be of Eighteen such Apprentices were sent. Years of Age.

11. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, The Nine next Resolutions, being severally read a that the said Officers of the Customs do transmit a true Second time, were, upon the Question severally putthere-Copy of such Register, under their Hands, to such Quar- upon, agreed unto by the House.

ter Sessions, or Place, as shall require the same, without The Fifteenth Resolution being read a Second time;

Fee or Reward. An Amendment was proposed to, be made thereunto,

12. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, by leaving out " Seventeen," and instead thereof inserting that every Owner, or Master, of every Ship or Vessel, so " Eighteen."

obliged to take Apprentices, do, after he comes into Port, And the same was, upon the Question severally put and before he clears out, give an Account in Writing, thereupon, agreed unto by the House, under his Hand, to the said Officer of the Customs of Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Com-stich Port, to which he belongs, containing the Names mittee, in the said Resolution, so amended, That every and Number, of such Apprentices, then remaining with such Apprentice be exempted from Payment of the Xix-him. pence per Month to Greenwich Hospital, until he shall

13. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, attain the Age of Eighteen Years,

that there be Provision made by Law to enable such Per- The rest of the said Resolutions, being severally read a 60ns, who have any such Parish Boys Apprentices, with Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thert-the Approbation of Two Justices of the Peace, to assign upon, agreed unto by the House, over such Apprentices to Owners or Masters of Vessels, Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Re-.. during the Remainder of vlieir Apprenticeships. solutions; and that Mr. diamond, Mr. Solicitor-general,

Manning the Kavy.

Cholmond-ley Nat.

Irish Forfeitures.

Sword-blade Company's Purchase of Irish Forfeitures.

Rochas Claim on Irish Forfeitures.

2 Ann. i6° Decembrit, 251

Mr. Conyers, Mr. Etterick, And Mi . Lowndes, do pre-

pare, and bring in, the Bill.

liesolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of that Part of her Majesty's Speech, which relates to the easier inauning of the Navy Royal, and for the Recruiting her Majesty's Land Forces.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John and Mr. Hiccocks:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Elizabeth Cholmondley, the Wife of George Cholmondley, Esquire; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Consideration the Report, and Account, of the Trustees, for Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland;

A Petition of the Governor and Company, for making hollow Sword-blades in England, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners purchased divers of the late forfeited Estates in Ireland, of the Trustees for Sale thereof, by 28 several Deeds; and, because of the Shortness of Time, the said Trustees, and the Petitioners Agents, did (previous to the said Conveyances) agree mutually to rectify Errol's in the Sums mentioned in the send Deeds (if any should appear) which, upon further Examination of all the Parts of the said Account, and stating the same by the said Trustees, they found the Sum of 18,864/. remaining unpaid,

more than was really due from the Petitioners; and therefore, bn 30th of July last, the said Trustees, by Endorsement, on one of the said Deeds, certify the said Error; nevertheless, there being, in every of the Conveyances, a Proviso, whereby the same is made void, if the whole Sums, therein expressed, be not paid, as therein mentioned, the Petitioners are advised, their Conveyances will become void, if they should omit paying the said 18,864/. 7 s.lid. so overcharged, as aforesaid: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for rectifying the said Mistake.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the said Trustees be read.

A Petition of Captain James Rock was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the Time of the Siege of Londonderry, the Petitioner was sent into the Town, by Major-general Kirk, with the Promise of a Reward of 3,000 Guineas; which Service was performed by the Petitioner, by swimming in Sight of the Enemy,

who shot and wouhded him in Three Blaces , arid, by Signals agreed on, he gave the said General such Account of the most material Affairs of the Besieged, that the Town was thereby relieved: That, in lieu of the said Money, his late Majesty granted to the Petitioner some Lands in Ireland, which turned to no Account, by reason of Incumbrances; whereupon -his said Majesty gave a Warrant for a Grant of Part of the Estate, of George and Walter Nangle, and Andrew Murroghbut, before the Petitioner could pass the Grant, the Act of Resump tion of the Irish Forfeitures passed here, with a Saving of the said Grants to the Petitioner; but the Trustees therein named were of Opinion, the Saving was insufficient, for that the said Grant was not under the Great Seal of England, before the said Act passed; insomuch that the Petitioner cannot have any Benefit by the said Grant, and Saving Clause, but hath spent above 2,000l. of his own Estate, and contracted above 2,270 /. Debts, to support his Family, and in 12 or 13'Years Law-suits with Proprietors of the said Estates; so that he is utterly ruined, and uncapable of making any Provision for his Family, by reason of his said Wounds: And praying, the said Reward may be paid him out of the Rents and Arrears of the Irish Forfeitures, or otherwise.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the said Trustees be read.

Then the House proceeded to take into Consideration irish For-the said Report, and Account of the said Trustees. feiture *

And the same were read; and the Report is, as followeth; viz.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled:

May it please your Honours:

IN obedience to an Act of Parliament, made in the 11th and 12th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty,

King William the Third, of glorious Memory (intituled,

An Act for the appointing Commissioners, to take, examine, and determine, the Debts due to the Army,

Navy, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of ,the Prizes taken during the late War) we, the Trustee for Sale of the forfeited and other Estates and Interests in Ireland, vested in us, do humbly lay before your Honours this Account of our Proceedings:

WE have heard, and determined, all the Claims, in Number Three thousand One hundred and Forty; which do contain above Four thousand distinct and separate Titles; and enrolled the Decrees, and executed all the Parts of the great Trust reposed in us, with as little Expence and Delay, as the Nature of a Work, consisting of such variety, could admit.

We have sold, over and above all Incumbrances, including the 25,0001.) paid, and to be paid, by the Lord 'Bophin, to the Value of - - - J

Of which there has been also paid into her Majesty's Exchequer in ,1

in Debentures, and Malt Tickets, which we have cancell'd (the Transcripts whereof we have returned into her Majesty's Exchequer here) the Suni of,) There has also been paid, in ready Money, the Sum of

s.

The Remainder is secured upon the several Estates sold, to be paid according-) to the Appointment of the Act for advancing the S ales of the forfeited Estates; I that is to say, the Sum of 14,814/. 15 s 4 to be paid by the Lord Bophin, I and 229,819/. 19$. 1 id.to be paid by the Purchasers on the Cant; both! which Sums make the Sum of - -J

We have received in ready Money, as follows; viz.

The aforesaid Sum of -

Rents (over and above all Allowances made to Tenants, Deductions to Incumbrances in Possession, Quit and Crown Rents, Rent-charges, Land Tax, Charge of Collection, and other Allowances made in the Receivers Accounts) amounting to the Sum of - - -

Forfeited Debts, and other Payments, pursuant to Acts of Parliament Fees in the several Offices - -

1 £ S. d.

1420,137 0 41

59,729 9 ioi

479,866 10 2

244,634 14 51

59,729 9 ioi

99,469 11 0

20,388 2 2f

5,529 lO 7

724,501 4

4.

724,501 4 8

185,116 13 8

Vol. I4i

Which

Irish For fcitures.

252

i6n Decemltis.

"Which is thus dischargedviz.

By the Expence of the Commission, including the Trustees, and Officers, Salaries for three Years and one Quarter, ending the 24th Day of June last, Charge of the Survey, of hearing Claims, Discoverers Shares, Rewards, Witnesses, and all other Incidents, amounting to the Sum of -

By Payments to Incumbrancers out of the Cash, over and above the") Receipts of Rents, the Sum of -j

By Payments made pursuant to Acts of Parliament -Left in her Majesty's Exchequer in Ireto be returned") into the Exchequer in England, the Sum of - - -y

The Remainder we have in our Hands, which we are) <,0,

ready to account for, being - - -j

C

109,904

28,637

86,802

18,886 19 11

12 7

5.

17

A\ 1703

1

3l

3 n

19,772 12 6

l ft 1 1

S.

of.

A

So that the net Produce, arising from the Sales, Rents, and Debts received, will appear to be Six hundred Eighty-four thousand Five hundred Forty-four Pounds, Seven Shillings, and Three-pence Three Farthings; viz.

The aforesaid Sum, paid in Debentures - - - 420,137 o 4

The aforesaid Sum, secured to be paid - ----- 244,634 14 5}

The aforesaid Sum, remaining in Cash - ----- 19,772 12 6

----- ----- ----- ----- 684,544 7 3

To which we further add the several Particulars following, to be accounted for to her Majesty, which we have delivered over to the Commissioners of the

Revenue in Ireland, according to the Directions of the said Act for advancing '

the Sale of the forfeited Estates;

Lands sold, and not paid for, to the Value of 2,407 o o

Rents in Arrear, Fifty-one thousand One hundred and Twenty-nine Pounds,")

Eight Shillings, and One Penny, Irish Money, in English - - -j ' 9

And Money in the Receivers Hands, Six Thousand Five hundred and)

Twenty Pounds, Thirteen Shillings, and Five-pence Three Farthings, , in> 6,019 1 7r

English.....) ----- ----- ----- --- 55,622 9 14

Total of the Sales, Debts, and Rents, received, and secured ----- 740,166 16 5)

We have further delivered over, to the Commissioners of the Revenue, the following Particulars, to be accounted for to her Majesty:

Forfeited Mortgages, Judgments, Statutes, Bonds, and other Debts, some)

Part whereof maybe desperate, amounting to 60,447/. 3 2 > 55,797 16 9I

Money, in English - -- -J

Money in the Receivers Hands, over and above the beforementioned Sum) of 6,019/. is. 7 }d. the Sum of 6,511 /. 4$. 4 d.Irish, which they were to f - L

be allowed, on paying in their Balances, and producing Vouchers for what f > 0 7

they craved Allowance; which, in English Money, is - - 61,808 3 9$

A more particular Account of all which is contained in a Book, delivered in with this Report.

Besides the Particulars aforesaid, there are several Estates, which may hereafter appear to be forfeited; but, for want of sufficient Evidence in our Time, to make out a good Title in the Publick, we did not think fit to expose them to Sale, and therefore returned them to the Commissioners of her Majesty's Revenue.

There was also a Fine of 10,0001, imposed on John Parker, for a false claim; which is certified to the Barons of her Majesty's Exchequer in Ireland, and Directions given for Prosecution, according to the Act of Parliament.

We have further delivered over all the Records, Books, Papers, and Writings, relating to the forfeited Estates, except such, as were necessary to perfect our Accounts, and except the Books of Survey, which, not being complete at our leaving Ireland, we thought it for the publick Service to continue in the Hands of the Surveyor, for that Purpose; and believe, by this time, they are finished.

And here we humbly crave Leave to lay before your Honours, that (besides all the above Particulars) the Reliefs, given by the Act of Resumption, the Act for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, and the several private Acts of Parliament, together with the several Estates, Interests, and Sums of Money, claimed, and allowed by us, according to the best Computation we are able to make, amount, in Value, to at least Eleven hundred thousand Pounds.

We are sensible, our sincere and hearty Endeavours to serve the Publick have created us many Enemies

in that Kingdom, who, to serve private Ends, have cast Reproach and Dishonour upon us, and our Proceedings; but we hope, their many and causeless Aspersions will make no impression to our Disadvantage, till they charge us with some Misbehaviour in particular; when we doubt not, but so to acquit ourselves, and vindicate our Proceedings, as to obtain your Approbation.

All which we most humbly submit to your Honours.

Cyrill frt Fra. Annesley, J. Baggs,

John Isham,

James Hooper,

T. Harrison,

Tho. Rauli

John Trenehard, Hen. Lan

John Cary,

IVm.Ft llozi.es,

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Report, and Account, be referred to the Commissioners, for taking, examining, and stating the publick Accounts of the Kingdom.

Ordered, That the Report from the Commissioners, for enquiring into the forfeited Estates of Ireland, and the Books, Reports, and other Papers, which have been delivered in to this House, relating to the said forfeited Estates, be also referred to the said Commissioners, for taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom.

Ordered, That the said Commissioners of Accounts do examine, and report, how they find the Fact, and what

Observations

PriyUtgei — libellous Publications.

Eat! of Warwick and Holland's Estate.

Cholmond-ley's Nat.

Supply Bill; Land tax.

Irish Forfeitures.

2 Ann. i6° — 170 D 25 J

Observations do arise from the said Books, Reports, and Papers.

Ordered, That the Petition of Captain James Rock be referred to the Trustees for Sale of the Irish forfeited Estates, to examine, and report, the Matter of Fact, and what Benefit he has, or is like to receive, by the several Grants, and Acts of Parliament, made on his Behalf; and that they do make their Report with all convenient Speed.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Governor and Company for making hollow Sword-blades, in England, be referred to the Commissioners, for taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, to examine, and report, the Matter of Fact, with all convenient Speed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to enlarge the Time for the Purchasers of the forfeited Estates in Ireland (except the Corporation for making hollow Sword-blades) to make their Payments of their Purchase-money; and that Mr. Solicitor-general, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Annesley, Mr. Gwyn, and Mr.

do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Gay, Sir Cha. Barrington, Mr. Stote, Mr. Pigot, Sir Robert Eden, be added to the Committee, to whom it is referred to esquire, who is the Author, and Printer, of a Paper, intituled " The Observator."

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 17 die Decembrist Anno 2 Anns Regina.

Prayers.

MR Bridgman(according to Order) presented to

the House a Bill, to enable the Guardian of the Right Honourable Edward Henry Earl of Warwick and Holland, during his Minority, to make Leases of several Messuages in or near Smith/ie/d, London; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Elizabeth the Wife of

George Cholmvndley, Esquire, was read the First time. Resolved', That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John

and Mr. Hiecoeks:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in the Year 1704, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House took into Consideration the Petition of

Thomas Leigh, John Savage, Hercules Courtney, and Tho. Bom ford, Four of the Receivers of the Rents of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, in behalf.of themselves, and the Executors of Roger Sheill, Esquire, deceased, another of the Receivers.

Resolved, That Thomas Leigh, John Savage, Hercules Courtney, Thomas Romford, and the Executors of Roger Sheill, Esquire, upon accounting, and paying in the Money in their Hands, have such an Allowance made them, as the Trustees have certified they intended to have allowed them.

A Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Receivers be charged with Interest for such Sums of Money, as remain in their Hands, from the Time of the Expiration of the Trustees Authority, until they si tall pay the same into the Exchequer;

And the previous Question being put, that That Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative

Vol. 14.

Mr. Coke, from the Commissioners, fol taking, ex- Public Ac amining, and stating, the publick Accounts of the count» Kingdom, acquainted die House, that they had directed him to lay before the House, the general State of the Receipts and Issues of the publick Revenue, between die Feast of St. Michael, 1702, and die Feast of St. Michael,

1703; and that the Commissioners were preparing some other Matters, to lay before the House, which, as soon as the same were ready, would be laid before the House accordingly: And he delivered the said genteral State in at the Clerk's Table.

And the Title of the said general State was read.

The Book is with the other Books of the same Nature.

Ordered, That the said State do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, to whom Kemp' the Bill, for vesting a Fourth Part of the Estate of Sir uu-Robei't Kemp, late of Spains-hall, in Essex (which descended to his Four Sisters and Coheirs) in Trustees, to be sold, for the Benefit of the Infants, to whom that Share is descended, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, he ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Gentlemen, who are to prepare thp Poor Law . Bill, for the reducing all the Laws relating to the Poor, and their Settlement, into one Law, and for the better enforcing of the Execution of the same, have Liberty to bring into the Bill such Enlargements, and Amendments, for the better Relief, Employment, and Settlement, of the Poor, as they shall think fit

A Message from her Majesty, by Sir David Mitchell, Royal Atunt Gentleman-usher of the Black Rod: to u Bilk

Mr. Speaker,

The Queen commands this honourable House to attend her Majesty in the House of Peers immediately.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend her Majesty:

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, that her Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to the Bill, intituled,1 An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty by a Laud Tax, to be raised in the Year 1704; and afterwards to make a most gracious Speech to both Houses; of which he had desired, and obtained, a Copy; which lie read to the House, and is, as followeth; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I think it proper, upon this Occasion, to acquaint you, The Queen that I have had unquestionable Informations of very ill Speech re-Practices and Designs, carried on in Scotland by Emis- pecting saries from France, which might have proved extremely Con'

dangerous to the Peace of these Kingdoms, as you will see by the Particulars, which shall be laid before you, as soon as the several Examinations, relating to this Matter, can be fully perfected, and made publick without Prejudice: In the mean time, I make no doubt, but, by' this seasonable Discovery, I shall be able to give such Directions for our Security, as will effectually prevent any ill Consequences from these pernicious Designs.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I am very sensible of your great Readiness and Affection for the publick Service, by presenting me, so early in the Sessions, with a considerable Part of your Supplies. I depend intirely upon your continuing, with 3 S the

Addresc on

Queen#

Sj rech.

Ways and Means.

Ferrari Debt co the Crown.

254 170 — 18° . 1703.

the same Zeal, to disp&lch the Remainder of them; that go we may be prepared to give the speediest Assistance to our Allies, and to defeat the malicious Designs of our Enemies, who cannot be more industrious to contrive the Ruin of this Kingdom, and of the Protestant Religion, than I shall always be vigilant and careful, both for their present Preservation, and for their future Security.

Resolved, Nemine coni radical te, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, returning the Thanks of this House for her most gracious Speech from the Throne, and for the communicating the Discovery, her Majesty hath made, of the wicked Designs against' her Government; with Assurance, that this House will stand by and support her Majesty, and her Government, against all Pretenders, and all her Enemies whatsoever.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up the said Address.

And it is referred to Mr. Smith, Mr. Solicitor-general, Sir Chr. Musgrace, Mr. Carr, Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer Sir Roger Mostyn, Mr. Haw, Lord Coningsby, Sir Gods. Copley, Mr. Annesley, Mr. ScobeU, Sir John

Parsons, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Braver, Colonel Byerly, Sir Fra. Sir Yong, Mr. Mansell, Mr. Compton, Sir m. Strickland, Sir Joseph Jekill, Mr Verney, Mr. Moor, Sir Tho. Pelham,

Mr. Conyers, Mr. Coke, Mr. Walpole, Lord Powlet, Sir Hump. Mackworth, Mr. Bromley, Sir John Holland, Lord Dysert, Sir Cha. Hotham, Mr. Mansell, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Cowper, Sir John Mordant, Sir Cha. Hedges, Colonel Stanhope, Colonel Colchester, Sir Wm. Drake, Mr. Cartwright, Lord Sir

Tho. Frankland, Lord Mordaunt, Sir Tho. Powys, Sir Hen. Lyddall, Mr. Biydges, Mr. Ward, Sir Tho. Han-more, Mr. Pagit, Mr. Eyres, Mr. Bertie: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do draw up the said Address upon the said Resolution, and upon the Debate of the House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Alorn-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Aleans for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 18° die Decembris;

All which is humbly submitted to this honourable

House.

Westminster, Agents Office, Clayton,

Dec. 17th, 1703. Ri. Shordiche.

Ordered, That it be referred to a Committee, to examine the Alatter of the Petition of the said Air. Ferrar, and of the said Account; and that they do report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Matthew Dudley, Mr. Drydeit,

Sir Chr. Musgrave, Mr. St.John, Sir Edxv. Hussey, Air.

Btydges, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Tophatn, Mr. Clayton, Air.

Scobell, Sir Rich. Onslow, Lord Pawlet, Mr. Ward, Mr. Wentworth, Mr. Pigott, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Freeman,

Air. Crosse, Mr. Naylor, Mr. Harley, Mr. Carteret, Sir Tho. Pelham, Mr. Trendenhatn, Sir Jacob; and

all, that serve for the Counties of Cambridge and Huntington: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Air. Serjeant Whitaker have Leave to Leave <»f go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Absence. Occasions.

A Petition of Lewis Maidwell, Esquire, was presented School for to tire House, and read; setting forth, that his late Ala- Navigation, jesty King William did, by his Letters Patents, in the 14th Year of his Reign, establish a publick School, and patronized the same for ever, by the Name of die Royal School, founded in the House and Estate of the Petitioner, being his free Gift of 500l. per Annum Value, towards Advancement of the same; and her present Majesty has been pleased to patronize the said Royal School, and encourage the Promotion thereof: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, to confirm the said Letters Patents, for establishing a publick Royal School, with such Alterations, as shall be thought most expedient, for the better Education of Youth in the Art of Navigation, so beneficial to this Nation, and qualifying them for the Sea Service, in all its Capacities; and that the House will receive a Proposal, for the better Support and Maintenance of the said Royal School, for the Purposes beforementioned.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition, be referred to the Committee, who were appointed to receive Proposals, and prepare Heads for a Bill, for the Increase and Encouragement of Seamen, and for the speedy and effectual manning of the Navy Royal; to examine the Alatter of the said Petition, and report the same, with their Opinion, how the Alatters proposed may be best applied, for the Education of Youth in the Art of Navigation only.

Anno 2° Ann® Regime.

Praters.

THE House being informed, that Air. Shorditch> one of the Agents for Taxes, attended, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, An Account of what is due from Air. John Ferrar, as he is Surety for Mr. John Mason, late Receiver-general for the County of Cambridge, and Isle of Ely, according to his Share or Proportion of the-remaining Part of the said Receiver's Debt.

And then he withdrew.

And the Account was read, and is, as followeth; viz.

FOR his Share or Proportion of what A remains unpaid upon the 2d 3«. Aid, f granted Anno 1698, for which he was C bound to her Majesty - - -)

For his Share or Proportion of what'j remains unpaid upon the 3d quarterly f Poll, Anno 1698, for which he was likewise bound

"J

£. s.

752 14

Total of the said Mr. s Share-)

amounts to the Sum of - - -J

d.

8

1,213 12 5

1,966 7 1

Ordered, That Air. Lowndes do lay before this House, Liet of >tn' a List of all the Pensions, paid by the Crown. s,0# ‘

Air. Bromley reported from the Committee, to whom Address o« it was referred to draw up an Address, to be presented ueen to her Majesty (according to the Ol der of Yesterday) peec ' that they had drawn up an Address accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is, as followeth; viz.

Most gracious Sovereign:

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons, in Parliament assembled, do return your Majesty our most humble and hearty Thanks for your most gracious Speech from the Throne.

We are truly sensible of your Majesty"s great Goodness, and of the Confidence you repose in us, by communicating the Discovery of the ill Practices and Designs, that have been carried on in Scotland by Emissaries from France; whereby we have an Opportunity to repeat our unanimous Resolutions to stand by and support your Majesty, and the Succession, in the Protestant Line, as limited by Law, against all Pretenders, and all your Majesty's Enemies whatsoever.

2 Ann. i 8s — % <J D 255

We want Words to express to your Majesty the Detestation we have of any Conspiracies, and Attempts, to disturb the Peace and Prosperity of your happy Government; under which we must think our Security sufficiently provided for, since your Majesty has been pleased to give such Directions, as may prevent all ill Consequences from them.

It is great Satisfaction to us, to find, that the Supplies, we have already given, are so acceptable to yoiir Majesty: We shall go on with the same Readiness and Zeal to dispatch the Remainder of them; that we may enable your Majesty to give the speedier Assistance to your Allies, and to defeat the malicious Designs of your Enemies.

Your faithful Commons can never have the least Distrust of your Majesty's Vigilance and Care for the Preservation of the Protestant Interest in general, of the Monarchy, and the Church of , as by Law established; and we humbly beg Leave to assure your Majesty, that we will never be discouraged, but will continue incessant in our Endeavours, by all proper Methods, to transmit them securely settled to Posterity.

The said Address was read a Second time.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That this House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Address.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council, do humbly know her Majesty's Pleasure, when she will be attended by this House.

Examination of Prisoners by Lord?.

Ordered, That some Members be appointed, to search the Lords Journals, as to their Proceedings in relation to the Examination of any Persons, who are discovered to have a Design against her Majesty's Government.

And it is referred to Mr. St.J, Mr. Solicitor-general, Mr. Smith, Mr. How, Mr. Coke, Mr. Gwyn.

Manning the The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Navy. Committee of the whole House, to consider further of that Part of her Majesty's Speech, which relates to the easier manning of the Navy Royal, and for the recruiting her Majesty's Land Forces.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers jeported from the said Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Matters to them re- ferred; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itselfinto a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of that Part of her Majesty's Speech, which relates to the easier manning of her Majesty's Navy Royal, and for the recruiting her Majesty's Land Forces.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lunce, 20 Decembris;

Amto St Annas Regina.

Prayers.

JS A AC Kops took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

Cholmond- An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for lej' Nat. naturalizing Elizabeth Cholmondley, the Wife of George

Cholmondley, Esquire, was read a Second time.

Resolved,.....Lord Hide, Sir Fra. Sir

77/o. Hammer, Mr. Middleton, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Dolben, Sir John Thorold, Sir . , Sir

Drake, Mr. Soams, Mr. Manley, Mr. Tredenham, Colonel Strangeways, Mr. Wylde, Mr. Stonetiuuse, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Topham, Mr. Dashwood, Mr. Hooker, Mr. Parker, Vox.. 14.

Mr. Drake., Sir IVm. Forester, Lord Powlett, Sir Hen.

Burnaby; and all, that serve for the Counties of Lancashire and Cheshire: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mn Dolben (according to Order) presented to the Irish Pot-House a Bill, to enlarge the Time, for the Purchasers of feiture‘ the forfeited Estates in Ireland to make the Payments of their Purchase-money; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time;

Sir Robert Edon (according to Order) presented to the Jenkins House a Bill, to enable John Jenkins, Esquire, to sell ute'

Lands in the Counties of Durham and Northumberland, for the Payment of Debts charged thereon; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Haw reported to the House, that her Majesty Queen apA having been humbly waited upon, to know her Pleasure, Point to when she would be attended by this House, her Majesty 4tten e had been pleased to appoint this Afternoon, at Four a Clock.

A Bill, to enable Sir Thomas Tipping, Baronet, to sell Tipping ! the Manor of Ickford, in the County of Bucks, for the E tate. Payment of a Debt, charged upon the same and other his Estate, and for laying out the overplus Money, to be raised, in the Purchase of other Lauds, to be settled to the same Uses, as the said Manor of Ickford is settled, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Jerdcinson, Sir Edmund Denton, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Aylmer, Mr. Fagg, Lord Chenie, Mr. Batch, Sir Cyrill Wych, Mr. Gulston, Mr. Clayton, Sir Walter Yonge,

Lord Pawlet, Mr. Dormer, Mr. Brydges, Mr

Mr. Craggs, Sir Fra.Massam, Mr. Spencer, Sir Matth.

Dudley, Mr. Nevill, Mr. Moncton, Mr. Johnson, Sir liam Forester, Mr. Topham, Sir Edw. Norreys, Mr. Wool-last on, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Dawdswell, Sir Dudley Cullum,

Mr. Stockdale, Mr. Yates, Mr. Price, Mr. Bere, Mr.

Chase, Mr. Halsey, and all, that serve for the Counties of Ouon and Bucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill, to enable Robert Cawdron to settle Part of an Cawdron's improved Estate, for raising Portions for his younger Estate. Children, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Jacob Astley, Mr. Sayer, Sir John Williams, Mr. Eyres, Sir Robert Eden, Mr Clark, Sir Edw. Hussey, Mr. Conyers, Mr.

Morgan, Mr. Clayton, Sir Cyrill Wych, Sir Cha. Turner,

Mr. Wentworth, Sir Chr. Hales, Mr. Winstanley, Mr.

Verney, Mr. Halford, Mr. Cesar, Sir John Kay, Mr.

Masters, Mr. -Moncton, Mr. Wilkins, Mr. Gee, Sir Tho.

Meers, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Tredenham, Mr. Coke, Mr.

Dryden; and all, that serve for the Counties of Lincoln and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Walpole reported from the Committee, to whom Foot's Estate, the Bill, to enable Arabella Foot, Widow and Administratrix (with the Will annexed) of Samuel Foot, late of London, Merchant, deceased, to purchase Lands and Tenements, for the Benefit of her only Son Topham Foot, an Infant, and to and for such other Uses, as the personal Estate of the said Samuel Foote by his last Will is limited and appointed, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations in the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And hef delivered the same- in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Petition of Sir Joseph Alston, Baronet, was presented Alston' to the House, and read; setting forth, that, upon the E,t te-

Petitioner's


2o° Decembris. 1703.

Petitioner's Marriage with Penelope, one of the Daughters covered to have a Design against hef Majesty's Govem-ofSir Edzcard Evelyn, the Petitioner settled Part of his ment, had searched the Lords Journal accordingly: And Estate, as a Jointure, on his Wife, and her Father also he read in his Place what they had found therein, and settled, after his and his Wife Mary's Decease, his two delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table; where the same Manors of Long Ditton, in Surrey, upon the Petitioner, was again read, and is, as followeth; for Life, Remainder to his Wife Penelope, for Life Re- Die Mart is, 14° Decembris, 1703. '

mamder upon their Issue, m Tail Male :1 hat Sir Edward XHE House being informed, that there is a Letter and his \\ ife aic both dead, and the Petitioner, having from one ftoi/cAer, in Custody with others, who are been obliged to spend great Sums of Money, in prosecut- dangerous Persons to the Government, and lately come ing and defending divers Suits, to maintain the said Set out of

dements, has occasion to take up at Interest the Sum of It is , by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, ia

1,500l. upon the said settled I remises; which he cannot parliament assembled, That the Lords with white Staves do, being only Tenant for Life: And praying that Leave do attend her Majesty, from this House, and humbly may be given to bring 111 a Bill, to enable the Petitioner desire her Majesty, that she will be pleased to give Order, to raise the said Sum ot 1,500l. upon the Estate so settled that # Boucher and Ogleby, and the several other by Sir Edzcard Evelyn, as aforesaid, and for making a persons, that are taken with them, be safely secured; and 1 revision forhis eldest Son, and younger Children. that no Person be suffered to speak with them, until they

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring 111 a Bill, ac- s a|i examined, cording to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that the The Earl of Nottingham acquainted the House, that Lord Cheme, and Sir Richard Onslow, do prepare, and he had a Letter, which was mentioned this Day, di-

brwg in, the Bill. rected,

Hickerstaffe's A Petition of Dorothy Pryor, Widow, was presented Estate. to the House, and read; setting forth, that there is a Bill depending in the House, for vesting several Estates of Sir Cha. Bickerstaffe, Knight, in Trustees, for discharging the

Incumbrances thereon, and better Payment of his Debts, and for making some Provision for Dame Elizabeth his Wife, and Frances his Daughter; in which Estates the Petitioner is concerned in point of Interest: And praying, that she may be heard against the said Bill, before the same do pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Poor Laws. Sir Humphry Mackworth (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, for the better Relief, Employment, and Settlement of the Poor; and the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Prosecution Ordered, That Mr. Attorney-general do give this Halifax ° House an Account of what Proceedings have been made d ax' in the Prosecution of Charles Lord Halifax, upon the Address of this House the last Session of Parliament.

Proceeding Ordered, That Mr. Attorney-general do also give this against Dyer. House an Account, what Proceedings have been against Dyer, the News-writer, pursuant to the Direction of this House the last Session of Parliament.

Tavistock, Ordered, That the Reports from the Committee of &c.Elections. Privileges.and Elections, touching the Elections for the Borough of Tavistock, in the County of Devon, and Cli-thero, in the County of Lancaster, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Prosecution Ordered, That Mr. Attorney-general do give this of Mr. Lloyd. House an Account of what Proceedings have been in the Prosecution of Mr. Lloyd, Son to the Lord Bishop of Worcester, pursuant to the Direction of this House the last Session of Parliament

Bowdler's A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert and

Estate. Doctor Edisbury:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the vesting the Manor of Michael-church, in the County of Radnor, and other Lands in the County of Salop, of Mary Bawdier, and William Bawdier, Gentleman, in certain Trustees, for Payment of the Debts, and making Provision for the younger Children, of the said William;

to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Examination Mr. St. John reported, that the Members, appointed PersoraLy search the Lords Journal, as to their Proceedings in Lord . " relation to the Examination of any Persons, who are dis-

For

Lieutenant-general Lunikyat his House in

Leicester-Fields.

Subscribed,

Esbone, the loth, Boucher.

1703.

Which Letter was read.

Die Mercur'd, 15 Decembris, 1703.

THE Lord Steward reported her Majesty's Answer to the Address, presented Yesterday, concerning Boucher and Ogleby; viz.

That Care has been taken already to secure them; and her Majesty will give Order, that no Person shall speak with them, until they are examined.

It is Ordered, by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, That Boucher and Ogleby, and the other Persons now in Custody, upon their coming to Town, shall be brought to this House; and that no Person do speak with them, or either of them, until they have appeared at the Bar of this House.

It is Ordered, by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, That Sir John Macleane be brought to this House Tomorrow, at Twelve a Clock; and that no Person be suffered to speak with him in the mean time.

Die Jovis, 16° Decembris, 1703.

THE House being informed, that Sir John Mackleane, now in Custody of the Messenger, attended;

The Lord Steward (by her Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, that the Examination relating to Sir John Mackleane, who is ordered to be brought before the House this Day, is a Matter of that Nicety, and great Importance, that her Majesty thinks, it will be inconvenient to take it out of the Method of Examination it is now in; and her Majesty will in a short time communicate it to this House.

Ordered, by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, That the Lords with white Staves do attend her Majesty, humbly to desire her Majesty, from this House, that Sir John Mackleane may be committed to such safe Custody, as no Person may be permitted to speak with him, without her Majesty's Leave; and that he do neither write, or receive any Letters or Papers from any Person, without like Permission from her Majesty.

Ordered, That the Messenger, who brought Sir John Mackleane to this House, do carry him hack to the same Place, from whence he brought him: And agreed, that the Lord Romney do appoint a File of Musqueteers, to attend Sir John Mackleane, until her Majesty's Pleasure be further signified.

Die Veneris, 170 Decembris, 1703.

HER Majesty's ‘Speech is entered; and her Majesty being withdrawn, and the Commons gone to their House; the Lord Keeper reported her Majesty's Speech.

And

Address

thereon.

ft AnnI

fto° — 21° Decembris,

HI

And the House being informed, that Boucher and Oglcby are come to Town; It is Ordered by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, That the Gentleman-usher of the Black Rod do forthwith take into Custody Boucher and # , and the Persons,

who were taken with them, and now in the Custody of the Messenger, and keep them separate, and in close Custody; and this shall be a sufficient Warrant in that behalf.

To Sir David Mitchell, Gentleman-usher of the Black Rod, attending this House.

It is Ordered by the Lords Spiritual end Temporal, in Parliament assembled, That # Boucher and Ogle by, and the others taken with them, shall be examined by a Committee of this House; which Committee shall consist of Seven Lords of this House, to be chosen by balloting; end that each Lord bring a Paper, to be put into the Balloting-glass, with Seven Names of Lords in it, against Tomorrow, at One of the Clock,

Die Sabbati, 18 Decembris, 1703.

LORDS Committees were appointed to examine the Ballot-glass, and report to the House; viz. Co.

Co. Winchelsea, Co. Sunderland, Co. Vic.

gueville, Dominus Powlet, Donums Cornwallis, Dominos Granville: Their Lordships, or any Three of them, to meet presently.

Then the House was adjourned, during Pleasure.

After some time, the House was resumed; and the Earl Rivers reported, that the Lords have cast up the Balloting-glass; and that the Majority of Numbers are fallen on the Lords following; viz.

Lord Steward, 67

D. Somerset, 51.

L. Somers, 50.

E. Sunderland, 49.

L. V. Townsend, 49.

L. Wharton, 49.

E. Scarborough, 46.

tJpon Report from the Lords Committees, appointed to cast up the Balloting-glass, their Lordships find, the Majority, of Ballots have fallen on the Lords following: Lord Steward, D. Somerset, E. Sunderland, E. Scarborough, L. V. Townsend, L. Wharton, L. Somers.

Hereupon the House ordered the Committee following:

Lords Committees, appointed to examine Boucher and Oglcby, and the other Persons taken with them; whose Lordships have Power to send for the Prisoners, and such other Persons, and Papers, as they shall think fit; and report to the House, as often as they shall see Occasion: Lord Steward, D. Somerset, E. Sunderland, E. Scarborough, L. V. Torwnesend, L. Wharton, L. Somers.

Their Lordships, or any Four of them, to meet presently in the Prince's Lodgings; and adjourn to what Time and Place they shall think fit

A Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, setting forth the great Concern this House hath for her Majesty's royal Prerogative, and the Resolution of this House to support the same; and that no Persons, accused for Crimes, who are her Majesty's Prisoners, ought to be taken out of the Custody of the Crown,' without her Majesty's Leave;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Debate, be adjourned;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, setting forth the great Concern this House hath for her Majesty's royal Prerogative, and the Resolution of this House to support the same; and that no Persons, accused for Crimes, who are her Majesty's Prisoners, ought to be taken out of the Custody of the Crown, without her Majesty's Leave.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed; to draw up the said Address.

Vol. 14.

And it is deferred to Mf. How, Mr. Comyris, Mr. Solicitor-general, Mr. Manley, Mr. Cesar, Mr. John\

Mr. Dolben, Colonel Byerly, Sir Tho. Meers, Mr. Bruce\

Sir Hump. Mackworth, Mr. Masters, Mr. Pooley, Sir Roger Mostyn, Mr. Musgrdvc, Sir Rich. Onslow, Sir Tho. Hanmore, Sir Chr. Musgrave, Sir Jos.

Mr. Coke, Mr. 'Poke, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Leoinz, Mr.

Curson, Mr. Brydges, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Pigott, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Smith, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Annesley:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee that they do draw up the said Address, upon the said Resolution, and upon the Debate of the House.

A Debate arising in the House, concerning a Person, Debate r who was an Officer in the late King James's Army, being sperting an taken into Custody, and afterwards released; Officeroalie

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow x. Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Ways and Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Means, whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 21° die Decembris;

Anno 2 Annas Regina,

Praters.

MR. Coke (according to Order) presented to the Coke'e House a Bill, to subject the Estate of Robert Coke, Estate, of Trusley,in the County of Derby, Esquire, and William Coke, his Son and Heir apparent, to the Payment of the said Robert Coke's Debts, and to make Provision for the Wife and younger. Children of the said William Coke; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Cyrill Wyche reported from the Committee, to Lord whom the Bill, for vesting several Freehold Estates in Carteret' Cornwall and Devonshire, and several Leasehold Estates Estate in Essex, in Trustees, to be sold, for raising Portions for the younger Children of George Lord Carteret, deceased, and for laying out the Overplus of the Money, raised by such Sales, in Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses, as the Lands in Cornwall and Devomhire were settled, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of John Brisco, Esquire, was presented to Brisco the House, and read; setting forth, that, upon the Marriage of the Petitioner with his now Wife Margaret, ... did settle the Manors of Orton, CrojWhinhow, Brisco, Dundraw, Kirkhampton, and Kirkland, in the County of Cumlterland, upon himself for Life, and afterwards upon his Wife for her Life, Remainder to his first and other Sons, in Tail Male: That there are divers Customs,

Services, and small Rents, belonging to the said Manors, and also divers Wastes, and Commons, capable of Improvement, which the Tenants are w illing to purchase, or take Leases of, and would advance the Revenue of the same, and be an Advantage to the Petitioner's Family, if

3 T he

Mutton' and Earl Montagu' Estate.

Answer to Address

Tavistock

Election,

258 2i° Decembris. A. 170 j.

he could sell the same; which lie cannot do, by reason of the said Settlement; w'herein also there is no Provision made for younger Children, though the Petitioner has several: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, to enable the Petitioner, and his Trustees, to make such I ceases, as he and his Tenants shall agree upon, for the better raising the Revenue of his Estate, in laying out the Money, to be raised, in Purchases, to be settled to the same Uses, as the said Manors are settled, and for making Provision for his younger Children.

Ordered, That Leave he given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir Hump/ny Afackicorth and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Dolben reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill, for settling and confirming several Exchanges, with Ralph Earl Montagu, of several Lands and Common of Simon Mutton, and others, lying in in the County of Northampton, for several Lands of the said Earls, lying near to the same, and for confirming several Agreements relating to the said Exchanges, was committed; that they had examined the'Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and another Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Speaker reported, that the House did Yesterday attend her Majesty at St. James's, find presented to her their Address; and that her Majesty was pleased to give a most gracious Answer, as followeth:

Gentlemen,

I AM very well pleased with your Assurances of dispatching the Supplies, and with the other Parts of this Address, in which you express so much Duty, and Readiness to support and to trust me.

You may depend upon my Willingness to join my Endeavours with you, in securing to Posterity the Protestant Succession in the Monarchy, and the Church of England, as it is established by Law.

Mr- Bromky (according to Order) reported, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it

appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough oi Tavistock, in foe County of Devon, and the Resolutions of foe Committee thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are, as follow:

Upon the Petition of Henry Manaton Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of the Lord James Russell, to serve in Parliament for the ' said Borough of Tavistock:

That, in Obedience to the Order of the House, of the \ oth of November last, foe Committee proceeded only as to foe Matter of the Poll, according to the Resolution of the House the last Session.

And Mr. Tho. Pyke delivered in to the Committee a Poll, which, he said, he took at the Election, by foe Direction of the Portreeve; upon which there was,

For the Lord James Russell - 39.

For Mr. Manaton - - - 44.

That then Tho. Pyke and Henry Beaufort testified, that foe several Persons, who voted for Mr. Manaton, were Freeholders of Inheritance in Possession, inhabiting within the Borough at the Time of the Election.

That no Defence being made, nor any Person appear-

ing, for foe sitting Member, the Committee came to the Resolutions following; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; that thp Lord James Russell is not duly elected a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Tavistock, in the County of Devon.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that Hairy Manaton, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Tavistock.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon foe Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the Borough of Tavistock, in the County of Devon, by rasing out the Name of the Lord James Russell, and inserting the Name of Henry Manaton, Esquire, instead thereof.

Mr. Bromley also reported, from the Committee of Clithei Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to Elect , them, touching the Election for foe Borough of Clithero, in the County of Lancaster, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are, as follow;

Upon the Petition of Eduard Harvey, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Ambrose Pudsey, Esquire, and Thomas Stringer,

Esquire, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Clithero, in the County of Lancaster:

That the Petitioners Counsel opened, that the sitting Members Agents had been guilty of corrupt Practices; and that several had polled for the sitting Members, who had no Right; which being taken off from the sitting Members roll, would give the Petitioner a Majority.

That, upon the Poll, there was,

For Mr. Pudsey - - 66.

For Mr. Stringer - - 64.

For Mr. Harvey - - 32.

That the Right of Election the Petitioner s Counsel alleged to be in the Bailiff's, and Burgesses, presented by the Jury of Enquiry, and sworn by foe Bailiffs, and also by the Freemen.

That the Burgesses are such, as are seised of Burgage Lands of Inheritance; and the Freemen are foe Tenants to those Burgesses, and have a Right to vote, when those, that have the Inheritance, do not vote.

That the sitting Members Counsel denied, that it was necessary, that the Burgesses should be presented, or sworn, to give them a Right to vote.

Upon which, the Petitioner's Counsel called John Wal-bank, Robert Brenan; who gave an Account, that they never knew any vote in Elections, but such Burgesses, as were presented by the Jury of Enquiry, and sworn by the Bailiffs; but at foe same time said, they took it, that the Bailiff ought to swear such, as were presented.

And the Counsel for the sitting Members left the Matter of the Right, upon this Evidence, to the Judgment of the Committee.

And, as to corrupt Practices, the Petitioner's Counsel called

Henry Standish; who said, that Mrs. Parker, deceased.

Colonel Stringer's Sister, came to the Jury of Enquiry, and insisted, that they should admit Colonel Stringer to be a Burgess, for Lands, called Stanhope Croft', and threatened, if they did not, they should answer it in an higher Place; whereas the said Land was not of Burgage Tenure; However he acknowledged, that one Cockcrojt had been presented a Burgess for it, and Colonel Stringer was found by the Jury; which, he said, was by means of some of the Jury, who vrere Mrs. Parker's Tenants, and received of her 2 os.a Year.

Thomas Beach said, Mrs. Dugdalc came in Mrs. Parker's Name, and offered him 40 s.to vote for both the sitting Members; and Mr. Pudsey also paid him Part of

an

At

Address respecting Ex Aiui nations suspected jpersous. by Lords.

a Ann. 4i°

59

en old Debt of 30s. and that he voted for Mr. Pudsey, because of the said Promises; though he owned, he had not received, nor asked for; the 40 which, he said, was, because the Election was contested.

Others, viz.James, NoeU, John Ilopwood, Alexander Noell, John Dutton, said, that Mrs. had promised

them Money, to vote for the Sitting Members; and some of them said, that such Promises were the Occasion of their voting for the sitting Members: But, being asked, owned, that the Petitioner was a Stranger; and that they had voted for the sitting Members at former. Elections; and that Mrs. Parker bad used to give Money yearly at Christmas to the poorer Sort, though they did not know of any Person, except such as had Votes, who received so much as 20 s.

As to Treating;

Robert Broun said, that he kept the Black Bull Inn at CUthero;and Mrs. Parker, on the Election.Day (she then

being his Landlady) ordered him to draw Drink, to the Value of 40s. and, when the Election was over, and the sitting Members were carried to his House, a great Number of Persons (Friends to Mrs. Parker and the sitting Members) came thither, and drank; and when the 40#. was speut, they desired more Drink; and he drew, by her Order, more Drink, to the Value of 10s. which 50 s.she afterwards paid him. He further said, that, when he took the House of Mrs. , she in-

sisted, he should vote as she would have him, and promised him 20s. each time be voted.

That the Petitioners Counsel objected to several, that polled for the sitting Members, who were not sworn Bur-

fssses; and the sitting Members Counsel admitted the act, as to 17; but insisted, that they were good Bur--gesses, and so presented, and ought to have been sworn; but the Bailiff refused to do it: And called Tho. Dugdale, Edw. Farrer; who gave an Account,

that about 12 of them were found by the Jury of Enquiry, the Beginning of May; and that in June they demanded a Court of the Bailiffs to swear them; but one of the Bailiffs refused, saving he did not value the Parliament; and adjourned the Court till the 3d of August, the Election being on the 28th; yet, upon the Application of Colonel Stringer, and Mr. Pudsey, to Mr. the other Bailiff, on the 20th of July, and upon giving him a Note to save him harmless, he declaring some Fear of the Earl of Montagu, and his Interest, be called a Court, and swore those 12 Burgesses.

That Evidence was also given, that the Toll was taken away from the Town, since the time of the last Election; but Mr. Dummer being examined as to that Point by the Petitioner, gave an Account, that there was nothing done in it; only the Lease was expired, and Sclater, the Bailiff of the Town, received the Toll, as formerly.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this' Committee, that Ambrose PudStoy, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in Parliament or the Borough of , in the County of Lancaster.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that Thomas Stringer, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Clithero.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Mr. St.John reported from the Committee, to whom

it was referred to draw up an Address upon the Resolutions of Yesterday, that they had drawn up an Address accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is, as followeth; viz

ereigi, nxpR d

Most gracious Sovereic WE, your Majesty's mqfif dutifjJ and loyal Subjects, the Commons of England, in Parliament assembled, V01. 14.

beg Leave'humbly to lay before your Majesty the great and just Concern we are under, to see any Violation of your royal Prerogative.

Your faithful Commons believe the Administration of the Government best secured, when it is left to your Majesty, with whom the Law has intrusted it; and have so firm a Dependence upon your Majesty's Affection to your People, and your great Wisdom, that they can never apprehend so little Danger from any Conspiracy, as w hen the Examination thereof is under your Majesty's Direction.

We are therefore surprised to find, that, alien several Persons, suspected of treasonable Practices against your Majesty, were taken into Custody by your Messengers, in order to be examined, the Lords, in violation of the known Laws of the Land, have wrested them out of your Majesty's Hands, and, without your Majesty's Leave, or Knowledge, in a most extraordinary Manner taken the Examination of them solely to themselves; whereby a due Enquiry into the evil Practices, and Designs, against your Majesty's Person and Government, may, in great measure be obstructed.

Your loyal Commons do therefore most earnestly desire your Majesty, to suffer no Diminution of that Prerogative, which, during your Majesty's Reign, they are confident will always be exerted for the Good of your People.

And we humbly beg Leave to assure your Majesty, that, as we are resolved, by timely and effectual Supplies, to enable your Majesty to carry on the War, which you have so gloriously begun; so we M ill, to the utmost of our Power, support your Majesty in the Exercise of your just Prerogative at home, and the Assertion of it against all Invasions whatsoever.

The said Address being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, in the First Paragraph, by leaving out, " are under, to " see any Violation," and, instead thereof, to insert have of the Preservation."

And the Question being put, That the words " are " under, to see any Violation," do stand Part of the Address;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas.

Tellers for the NoMS.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made in the last Paragraph, by leaving out " Assertion," and inserting, instead thereof, " asserting."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Address, so amended: And the same is as followeth:

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of England, in Parliament assembled, beg Leave humbly to lay before your Majesty the great. and just Concern we are under, to see any Violation of your royal Prerogative. '

Your faithful Commons believe the Administration of the Government best secured, when it is left to your Majesty, with whom the Law has intrusted it; and have so firm a Dependence upon your Majesty's Affection to your People, and your great Wisdom, that they can never apprehend so little Danger from any Conspiracy, as when the Examination thereof is under your Majesty's Direction.

We are therefore surprised to find, that, when several Persons suspected of treasonable Practices against your Majesty, were taken into Custody by your Messengers, in order to be examined, the Lords, in Violation of the known Laws of the Land, have wrested them out of your Majesty's Hands, and, without your Majesty's Leave, or Knowledge, in a most extraordinary Manner taken

the.

26 o

2i° — 22° Decembris.

A. 1703,

Debate respecting an apprehended Officer of late K. James.

Resolution in favour of the Earl of Nottingham.

Manning the Navy.

the Examination of them solely to themselves; whereby a due Enquiry into the evil Practices, and Designs, against your Majesty's Person and Government, may, in great measure be obstructed.

Your loyal Commons do therefore most earnestly desire your Majesty to suffer no Diminution of that Pre fogative, which, during your Majesty's Reign, they are confident will always be exerted for the Good of your People.

And we humbly beg Leave to assure your Majesty, that, as we are resolved, by timely and effectual Supplies, to enable your Majesty to carry on the War, which you have so gloriously begun; so we will, to the utmost of our Power, support your Majesty in the Exercise of your just Prerogative at home, and the asserting of it against all Invasions whatsoever.

Resolved That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council, do . humbly know her Majesty's Pleasure, when she will be attended by this House.

The House resumed the adjourned Debate of Yesterday, touching a Person, who was an Officer in the late King James's Army, being taken into Custody, and afterwards discharged.

Ordered, That Candles be brought in.

And they were brought in accordingly.

Resolved, That the Earl of Nottingham, one of her Majesty's principal Secretaries of State, for his great Abilities and Diligence in the Execution of his Office, for his unquestionable Fidelity to the Queen, and her Government, and for his steady adhering to the Church of England, as by Law established, hath highly merited the Trust her Majesty hath reposed in him.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do humbly lay before her Majesty the said Resolution, when the said Address shall be presented to her Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of that Part of her Majesty's Speech, which relates to the easier Manning of the Navy Royal, and the recruiting her Majesty's Land Forces.

Poor Laws. Ordered, That the Bill, for the better Relief, Employment, and Settlement of the Poor, be read upon Thursday Morning next

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Queen appoints to bs attended.

Bowes9

Ebtat

MerCurii, 22° die Decembris j Amo 2 Annas Regina.

Prayers.

MR. Comptroller acquainted the House, that her Majesty having been humbly waited upon, to know her Pleasure, when she would be attended by this House, her Majesty has been pleased to appoint Tomorrow, at Four 6'Clock in the Afternoon, at St. James's.

A Bill, for vesting in Trustees Part of the Estate late of Thomas Harlackenden Rowes, for Payment of the Debts and Legacies, wherewith the said Estate is charged, and for presenting the Residue, clear of Charges, for the Benefit of Thomas Bowes, Esquire, an Infant was read a Second time.'

_ Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Comms, Sir Dudley Cullum, Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. Raich, Mr. Fogg, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Conyers, Colonel Col-Chester, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Topham, Mr. Harcourt, Sir fVm. Rowes, Mr. Jessop, Mr. Sir Wm. Ro-

binson, Sir Cha. Turner, Lord Cheme, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Naylor, Mr. Vemey, Mr. Take, Mr. Pigott, Mr. Tre-

denham, Sir Math. Dudley, Mr. Hoxc; and all, that serve for the Counties of Suffolk and Essex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The Clerk of the Crown attended, and (according to Tavistock Order) amended the Return for the Borough of Tavistock, Returj in the County of Devon. a"ended‘

The Lord CAenie (according to Order) presented to the Alston's House a Bill, for enabling Sir Joseph Baronet, to EsUte

make Provision both for his eldest Son, and his younger Children, in his Life-time; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of several Merchants, Owners of Ships, Importing Glass-makers, and Scarlet Dyers, in behalf of them- Salt-petre. selves, and other Tradesmen, dealing in, and using Saltpetre and Gunpowder, in the Kingdom of England, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Traders to the East Indies having contracted to supply the Crown with 500 Tons of Salt-petre yearly, they, for Three Years last past, have imported no more into this Kingdom, than barely to supply that Demand; whereby the Petitioners, and all the Kingdom using that Commodity, who formerly were supplied at publick Sales, are deprived of that Benefit; whereby the Price of that little, which is in private Hands, is so advanced, that, were it not for the Act of Navigation (which restrains the Importation thereof) the Petitioners could be supplied at near One Third cheaper from Holland, than the current Price here; which has been very prejudicial to all Trades, using Salt-petre, and, if not timely reduced, will endanger the carrying of those Trades into Holland, and increasing the Poor here: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, to import Salt-petre from Holland to England, to enable the Petitioners, and all the Traders therein concerned, to support themselves, and Families.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for reviving the Act, made in the 5th and 6th Year of their late Majesties Reign, for the importing of Salt-petre for one Year; and that Sir John Parsons, Mr. Smith, and Mr. Clayton, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

' Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturduy Fort- East India night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Trade. House, to consider of the Trade to the East Indies.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to York We»t whom the Bill for the publick registering of all Convey- Riding ances, Mortgages, or other Securities that shall here- R g‘sl;y after be made of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the West Riding of the County of York, was committed, be made Tomorrow, at Twelve a Clock.

Ordered, That the House be called over upon Mon- Call of the day Fortnight; and that such Members, as shall not then Ho" e attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Mr. Lowndes (according to Order) presented to the List of House, A List of the Pensions, payable by the Crown. p " i°n ‘

And the Title was read.

And the said List is, as followeth; viz.

Pensions, payable at the Exchequer. To the Duchess of Bucclugh, during Life

Duke of Southampton, for Life, with Remainders over

Duke of Grafton, and his Mother the Duchess Dowager Sir Francis Windham, and his Heirs Lady Windhams Daughters, during

Life of the longer Liver Thomas Lane, during Life Thomas Whitgrave, during Life The Heirs of Nicholas Yates

Per An.

£ i. d.

4,000 0 0

3,000 0 0

Co O O O 0 0

600 0 0

400 0 0

500 0 0

200 0 0

100 0 0 Th$

a Ann-

22° Decemb

261

Per Annum.

The Heirs of Colonel Charles Fairfax Amias Hext, during Life -Anne Rogers, and her Heirs Corporation of Berwick, in Perpetuity Corporation of Dartmouth, the like -Corporation of Lymefor Jtemainderof 21 Years, from Midsummer, 1684 Sir John Cotton, in Perpetuity -William Blencow, during Life Poor of St. Michael, in Perpetuity - -

Poor of St. Magnes, the like Poor of St.Buttolph's Parish, the like

Poor of Walbrook, the like Chancellor of the Garter, for Poor Knights of Windsor - -

Governor of Christ's Hospital, for Mathematical Boys, in Perpetuity -

Poor Ministers in the Isle of Man, the like ——

French Ministers in the Savoy, the like Provost and Fellows of Eaton College, the like ——

Vicar of Litchfield, the like Dean and Chapter of IJtchfeld, the like Vicar of the Tower, the like Schoolmaster of Southwell School, the li Master of the Temple, during Life University of Cambridge, in Perpetuity Ditto, for a Divinity Lecturer, the like Professor of Physick there, during Life Professor of Civil Law there, for Life Emanuel College there, in Perpetuity University of Oxen, for a Divinity Lecturer, in Perpetuity -

Professor of Physick there, during Life Professor of Civil Law there, for Lite Jane Browning, during Life, or until an Equivalent be settled on her in Lreland Robert Bertie, during the Life of Mt Cock - -

Sir Robert Killigrew,5/. a Week Henry Killigrcxo,4 /. a Week -

John Dwyre, 2 s.a Day -John Whittle, Clerk, 10 s. a Week

William Young, during Life

Out of and per Cent.-Lord Viscount Duplin, Assignee of,) the Earl of Kinoul, in Perpetuity - )

By Tallies of Pro, or Assignment on First fruits, Tenths, and Alienations. To the Countess of Oxford, during her 7 Life - - - - S

Duke and Duchess of St. Alban, the7 like (Part of 2,000 I. per Annum) - }

I-

Anthony Henley, for 21 7 Years, from Christmas, 1696 '

Ditto, during the Life of,) J ooQ the Countess of Clancart - j ' Lord Cornwallis his Assignees, for 21 7 Years, from Lady-day, 1701 - - y

Dame Eliz. Hamilton, during Life -

Janies and Wm. Hamilton, her Sons, \ each 4251, for Life - - - (

Countess of Plymouth, during Life -

Lady-day, 1699 -

Sir Samuel Morland, for Life -

Vol. 14.

s. d.

100 0 0

100 0 0

100 0 0

100 0 0

40 0 0

> 100 0 0

J 5 6 8

100 0 0

} 12 4 0

21 4 8

7 0 0

7 13 4

1570 5 0

] 370 10 0

I 100 0 0

60 0 0

1 42 0 0

15 0 0

e 10 0 0

6 l3 4

ike 10 0 0

37 6 8

10 0 0

13 6 8

40 0 0

40 0 0

16 13 4

} 13 6 8

40 0 0

40 "V 0 0

!} 60 0 0

0 0 0

0 QD C7 > 1 0 0

208 0 0

36 10 0

26 0 0

500 0 0

- 249 3 4

i5,3$ 3 8

1,000 0 0

2,000 0 0

1,500 0 0

2,000 0 0

1,000 0 0

500 0 0

| 850 0 0

3,000 0 0

| 600 0 0

200 0 0

11,650 0 0

Out of 12 c?. per Chaldron on Coals, Per Annum. Ll

payable by the Hostmen of Newcastle. Sir Thomas Clarges, and his Heirs '

I-

500 0

d.

o

P«

Out of the 15 d.per Barrel Hereditary Excise.

To Queen Dowager Two several 7 Annuities, amounting to - - 3 > °9 1j 4t

Duke of Noj'thumbcrland, with 7 Remainders over - - - -3 3>oo° 0 0

15,209 15 4?-

Pcnsions, payable by the Receiver-general of the Post Office.

To the Duke of Marlboi'ough, and 1 his Heirs Male, during the Life of her Majesty - - - J

Earl of Rochester, for 99 Years, if he,) orhis Son, the Lord Hide, so long live 3 Duchess of Cleavland, for Life, with 7 Remainders over - - - - y

Duke of Leeds, for 21 Years, from 7 Midsummer, 1691 - - - - y

Duke of Sconberg, and his Heirs Male, redeemable on paying 100,000l.- — 4,000/> Ditto more, during Pleasure — 1,000l.$ Ix>rd Keeper, during Pleasure -Earl of Rochford, for Life - -

Wm. Brockett, during Pleasure Sam. Johnson, during Life Dr. Oats, and his Wife, for Life of the 7 longer Liver - - - y

Guy Palmes Esquire, during Pleasure Charles Osborn Esquire, during Pleasure

5.000 o o

4.000 o o 4,700 o o 3»5oo o o

5.000 o o

4.000 o o

1.000 0 o 400 0 0 300 0 o

300

Pensions, payable by the Receiver of the Duchy of Cornwall.

To the Earl of Bath, in Perpetuity -To the Lord Auverquerque, and his 7 Heirs, Part of 4,000 /. per Annum - y To Sir Peter Killig during Life

To the Curate of Lestwithiell -

3.000

2.000

300

30

o

o

o

By the Receiver of the Revenues of Wales.

To the Lord Auverquerque, other Part 7 of 4,000 /. per Annum - - -y

To the Duke and Duchess of St. 7 Albans, the rest of 2,000 /. per Annum y

Pensions out of the Rent of the Lottery Farm, which ended at Michaelmas, 1703. To Colonel Philip Howard James Gray -Mrs. Charlotte Killigrew -Henry Foubert -Colonel Vaughan, and his Wife Colonel Leighton - Mr. Sydenham, and his Wife -

Mr. Watson and Paul Boyer -

Wm. Slingsby -Anne Acton -Amy Goldsborough.- -

Eliz. Hall -

Margaret Pretty - -

Jane Bell

Eleanor Needham, alias South, for her 7 Children -

Jane Berkley - -

Kath. and Mary Armstrong -Wm. Fanshaw -Captain Richards -

3 U

1,000 0 o 200 0 0

29,400 o o

o

o

5,330 O o

2,000 o O

500 o o

2,500 0 0

400 0 0

400 0 0

200 0 0

250 0 0

300 0 0

200 0 0

40 0 0

200 0 0

20 0 0

20 0 0

20 0 0

20 0 0

20 0 0

20 0 0

300 0 0

200 0 0

200 0 0

200 0 0

200 0 0

Susanna

V

List of Pensions.

262 22' Decembris. A. 1703.

Per Annum. L s. d. John Fox, Per Annum. I. s. d.

Susanna Leighton 100 0 0 - - - - 200 0 0

Eliz. Sline - . 20 0 0 John Hite - - - - 20 0 0

Anne Duke, and her Children - - 45 12 6 William George - - - - 20 0 0

Captain John Baker - - - 36 10 0 Nich. Watty - - - - 20 0 0

Captain Grandchildren - 36 10 0 Wm. Taylor - - - - 20 0 0

Anne Ashbury - - - - 20 0 0 Richard Davis - - m - - 12 0 0

Anne Collins 20 0 0 Tho. Hardin - - - - IO 0 0

Mrs. Ross, and her Daughters - - 9° 0 0 Edmund Lawson - - - - 10 0 0

Mrs. Buss - - - 20 0 0 Geo. Shaw - - - - 12 0 0

Edward Duke - Stipends, and Pensions, in her Majesty's Household, and Stables, payable by the Cofferer. 24 3,622 0 12 0 6 Tho. Watts Thomas Franklyn Jasper Bernard -Richard Warden Edw. Parkes -Wm.Wat son Joseph Lodge - - - - 12 12 20 15 14 12 12 0 0 0 0 5 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

Sir Charles Isaac 200 0 0 Stephen Sheppard - - - - 12 0 0

Sir James Forbes - 200 0 0 John Hibbert - - - 12 0 0

Robert Manning - - - - 80 0 0 Peter Berry m - - - 18 5 0

Henry Nartloe - . 40 0 0 Tho. Smith - - - - 18 5

Albert Scouter - 40 0 0 Hester Leoe - - - - 20 0 0

The. Whitmore 40 0 0 Henry Watson - - - - 12 0 0

Geo. Cherrct - - - - 40 0 0 Anne Cartwright - - - - 18 5 0

Peter Bethun - _ . _ 40 0 0 John Stevens - - 18 5 0

Rich. Jones - - - 50 0 0 Eliz. Bishop - - - - 3 6 8

Francis Clark - - - 40 0 0 Mary Parsons - - - 18 5 0

Adrian Van Brakell - - - 30 0 0 John Lincicombe - - - - 10 0 0

Benj. Taylor - - - 30 0 0 John Webb, senior - - - - 10 0 0

Richard Tull - . 30 0 0 Ben. Holrook - - . - 10 0 0

Tho. Percy - - - 30 0 0 Eliz. Mary, and Wm t. Vul-John - - 18 5 0

John MeUun - - - 30 0 0 Tho. Forth - - - 50 0 0

Edward . 30 0 0 Anne Cordell - - - - 20 0 0

John Webb, junior - a. 30 0 0 Eliz. Cordell - - - - 20 0 0

Ellen Beachor . 50 0 0 Grace Gretton - - - 18 5 0

Martha Beachor . - 50 0 0 Sarah Marshall - - - 18 5 0

William Poole - - 50 0 0 Edmund Scofeild - - - - 18 5 0

Jasper Lisney- - - - - 50 0 0 Eliz. Rogier - - - - 20 0 0

Sam. Browne - . - - 40 0 0 Anne Cabell - - - - 10 0 0

James Sheppard - - - - 35 0 0 Helena Deering - - - 100 0 0

John Alsopp - a - - - 35 0 0 John Colies - - - - . 40 0 0

Arnold Goff - - 35 0 0 Mary Rawkins - - - 80 0 0

Tho. Beard - -a . - 30 0 0 Pietre L' Orange - - - - 30 0 0

Sam. Hoyte - - 30 0 0 Margaret Blanford m - - - 18 5 0

Harold Miller - - - - 30 0 0 Mary Smith - - - - 18 5 0

John Zecehhooen - - 30 0 0 Anne Laton - - - 50 0 0

Charles Scorsby - - - - 30 0 0 Eliz. Fowler - - - 200 0 0

John Sewell - - - - 40 0 0 Anne Dyke Mary Brock - - - - 40 0 0

Wm. Watson - - - 40 0 ' - - - 12 0 0

Benj. La Fontaine - - - - 40 0 0 Windesbank Coote - - - - 18 5 0

Janies Sell - - - 40 0 0 Daniel Watson - - - - 18 5 0

Peter Harris - - - - 40 0 0 Jane Woodson - - - 40 0 0

Laurence Ball'- - - - - 50 0 0 Eliz. Murray - - - - 36 10 0

Edw. Gray - - - - 40 0 0 Sarah Harris - - - m - 18 5 0

Arth. Bedborow - - - - 14 0 0 Amy Drew - - - - 18 5 0

Neal Nelson - - - 18 5 0 Maximilian Van Amen - - 40 0 0

Philip Lemmon - - - - 50 0 0 Jane Casters - - - 20 0 0

Henry Smith - - - 60 0 0 Abraham Casters - - - - 20 0 0

John Thompson - - - - 25 0 0 Susan Casters - - - 20 0 0

I eonard Wclbeck - . - 25 0 0 Catharine Thurman - - - - 26 13 4

William Arnold - - - - 35 0 0 Eliz. Thornburg - - - - 40 0 0

Philip Simons - - - 30 0 0 Francis Rose - - - - 10 0 0

Jonas Tredwell - - - - 30 0 0 Tho. Hapgood -Roger Webb - - - - 40 0 0

Tho. Cole - - - - 30 0 0 - - - - 40 0 0

James Boyer - - - - 30 0 0 James Heymans - - - 25 0 0

Richard Smith - - - - 30 0 0 Martha Hilton - - - 27 7 6

Wm. Deakins - - - 30 0 0 Peter Savage -William Warren - - - - 30 0 0

Edw. Coles - - - - 30 0 0 - - - - 80 0 0

Edmund Scofield - - 30 0 0 Francis Prescott - - 20 0 0

Gregory Crartwell - - - 30 0 0 Mary Clark - - - - 20 0 0

John Hubbard - - - - 30 0 0 Alice Harrison - - - 40 0 0

Tho. Field - - - - 18 5 0 John Casters - - - - 20 0 0

Wm. Fawkner - - - m - 15 0 a Anne King - - - 15 0 0

Robert Beddoe - - - >5 0 0 Stephen Limbeck - - - - 30 0 0

Phil. Bickerstaff - - - - 30 b 0 Eliz. Drew r - - - - 20 0 0

Mary Bishop - ' 14 0 0 Margaret York 20 0 0 Roger

a Ann.

a a® Deeemb

263

Per Annum.

Roger Pope -Robert Dixon Ambrose Norton Mary Thurman William Rose -William Banks Arthur Powell Henry Powell Simon Corbett John Calvert - -

Wm. Eagle John Mazine -Tho. Rooper -John Willis Andrew Cockaine Tho. Franklyn Henry Baldwyn

Robert Johnson Geo. Mills Steph. Crow -William Kelly Tho. Benn Rich. Chaire -Derrick Sturk John Baldwyn Giles Roberts -John Smith Josias Duftie -John Ullock Tho. Sheppard Benj. Merrit -Jerves Haughton Christ. Scott -Robert Rawkins Tho. Boyde John Clark -

Chr. Simpson -Tho. Taylor Geo. Burden -Richard Adamson Robert Franklyn Thomas Woodcock Robert Richardson -Isaac Masters Wm. Hayden -Steph. Sheppard Win. Smallpeice John Rice Wm. Draper -Edmund Elkins Wm. Johnson -William Maddox Tho. Stafferton Robert Ashley James Haugh -

Francis Crake Nevill Kidwell Jane Conrey -

LetitiaYoung Anne Mosse -

Mary Atkinson Geo. Rice Hannah Elsmore Anne Allen Anne Bridges -Rich. Hulk -

Eliz. Hayes -

Pensions, payable by the Treasurer of the Chamber.

To Thomas Smith, Pensionary Yeoman

of the Guard -)

Simon Coke, the like -Vo l. 14.

£ S. d.

- - 150 0 0

- - - 100 0 0

- - 60 0 0

- - - 13 6 8

- - 10 0 0

- - fa 60 0 0

- - - 20 0 0

- - - 20 0 0

- - - 24 0 0

- - - 24 0 0

- - - 24 0 0

- - 24 0 0

- - - 60 0 0

- - - 14 0 0

- - 22 10 0

- - - 20 0 0

- - - 20 0 0

- - m 20 0 0

- - - 25 0 0

- - - 25 0 0

- - - 25 0 0

- - 25 0 0

- - - 18 0 0

- - - 18 0 0

- - 18 0 0

- - 18 0 0

- - - 18 0 0

- - - 18 0 0

- - is 0 0

jt - - 18 0 0

- - 18 0 0

- - - 18 0 0

- - 18 0 0

- - - 18 0 0

- - - 18 0 0

- - - 18 0 0

- - - 18 0 0

- - - 18 0 0

- - 18 0 0

- - 18 0 0

- 18 0 0

- - - 18 0 0

- - 18 0 0

- - 13 0 0

- - - 13 0 0

- - " 10 0 0

- - - 10 0 0

- - - 10 0 0

_ - m 10 0 0

- - - 10 0 0

- - - 10 0 0

- - - 10 0 0

- - 13 0 0

- - - 10 0 0

- - - 18 0 0

- - 18 0 0

- m - 16 13 8

- - - 10 0 0

- - - 18 0 0

- - - 18 0 0

- - - 18 0 0

- - - 20 0 0

- - - 12 0 0

- - - 12 0 0

- - - 18 0 0

- - - 18 0 0

- - - 30 0 0

Cofferer - J 0 O 17 10

Nevill Kidwell, a Pensionary Footman Daniel Child, late Keeper of the Stand-,) ing Wardrobe at Whitehall - - - )

Tho. Hall, late Keeper of Ditto at 7 Windsor - - - - j

Peter Hume, late Keeper of Ditto at 7 St. James's - -

James Lucas, a Pensionary Waterman Jacob Winterton, the like Mark Smith, the like - ,

Richard Maunder, the like Richard Randall, the like William Dower, the like -John Humfreys, the like -Tho. Springall, the like -James Enfield, the like -John Stedwell, the like True Heart, the like -Tho. Terry, the like -William Vanbrugh, till he is Comptroller) of the Treasurer of the Chamber's Office y Barbara Viscountess Fitzharding

Per Annum. List

£. S. d. Pensions.

40 0 o

200 0 0

160 0 o 110 o o

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

2

2

2

2

2

2

2

2

2

2

4

2

Total of the Pensions by the Treasurer of the Chamber

h

15

5

o o

0 o

Pensions, payable by Edw. Nicholas, Esquire, during her Majesty's Pleasure; viz.

To the Mayor and Churchwardens of) Windsor, towards the Support and Main- f tenance of the Church and Poor of New f Windsor -)

To the said Mayor and Churchwardens,'! towards the Loss by them sustained ini their Church and Poor Rates, by Inclo- sures of Land laid into the Park, called > Windsor Little Park, which her Majesty's I Pleasure is shall continue till a more certain Recompence

To the Vicar of Old Windsor, now and, ) for the Time being, in lieu of Tythes > laid into Windsor Great Park - -3

To the Churchwardens of the Parish of-) Hampton, Coni Middlese,towards the> Support of the Poor of that Parish -3 To the Rector of the Church of Hamp-) ton, in lieu of Tythes for Land inclosed / in her Majesty's Parks at Hampton Courts To the Churchwardens of the Parish of) St. Margaret, Westminster, towards the > Maintenance of the Poor there - -3

To the said Churchwardens, towards}

the Support and Maintenance of thef Hospital in Tothil Fields, which wasf founded by King Charles the First -j To the Churchwardens of the Parish of,) St. Martin in the Fields, towards Main- > tenance of their Poor -3

To the Churchwardens of St. James's Parish, for Maintenance of the Poor of the said Parish -

To Geo. Sayers, Esquire, who was-) Vice-chamberlain to her Majesty's late> Sister Queen Mary - - - -3

To Henry Buistrode, Esquire, who was1) one of the Gentlemen-ushers daily Wait- > ers to the said Queen - - -3

To John Remy de Montigne, the like To Abraham Kemp, who was Page of) the Presence to Queen Mary - ~y

To Dorothy Gason, one of the Women") of the Bedchamber to her - - -y

To Martha Lockart, another of the said Women -

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

10 0 0 Q 600 O O

277 10 o

50 0 o

50 0 0

25 O O

50 0 0 36 1 8 50 o o

5 000

100 o 0 50 0 500 o o

150 o o

150 o o 40 0 o

200 0 o

200 o a

t -

List of Ptn jou8.

264 22° Decembris. A 1703.

Per Annum.

To Dorothy Ireland, who was Semp-7 £ 1 90 s. 0 d. 0

stress to the said Queen To Hen. Killigre Esquire, the Equerries to the said Queen To Susanna Barry one 3 150 40 0 0 0 0

Mary Lee - - - 50 0 0

>5 1 1 - 1 20 0 0

Eleanor Boss - - 40 0 0

Frances Barrow - - - 30 0 0

Mary Ashton - - 30 0 0

To Tom ay .- - - 50 0 0

.To Lance . r - - 20 0 0

To the Bishop of London, Ministers in New England -, To Mary Doylty, alias Walter . I.ady Prestwick for the 100 40 40 0 0 0 0 0 0

To Ann Ellin, commonly called Miss‘d Nanny To Netnil, for House-rent - 0 0 to c 0 0 0 0

To # La Fountaine, for Harmans} Children ----- -t 40 0 0

To George Holder - - 22 0 0

To the-Dutch and French Church - 17 12 0

To Miller, for Brasslyes Children 44 0 0

To Richard Cawthorne, Clerk, for reading Prayers at Hampton Court To the Churchwardens of for their Poor .- - - -To the English Church at the Hague 50 25 30 0 0 0 0 0 0

To Ann Franklyn- - - 210 0 0

To Madam Ve - 49 10 0

To Madam Justell - 60 0 0

To Rm land Brock 40 0 0

To Dame - - - 100 0 0

To Katli. Russell - - - 25 0 0

To Dame Eliz. Hamilton - _ 44 0 0

To John Conway - - - 22 0 0

To Monsieur Le Vessur - - 60 0 0

To Anne Rich bell - - 40 0 0

To Arabella Hunt - - _ 100 0 0

To Alice King - _ 100 0 0

TiAnnc Eden - . 100 0 0

To Willianuna Bunce . - - - 50 0 0

To Dame Sarah Newcomen - - 50 0 0

To William Conyers - - 50 0 0

To Anne Fitzharris - 50 0 0

To Mary Stedman - - - 40 0 0

To Mary Mitchell - - 20 0 0

To Martha Francis - - 50 0 0

To Isabella Gw - - 20 0 0

To Rabsey Smithsby - - 20 0 0

Eliz. Reynolds - - 10 0 0

Mary Watson - - 40 0 0

Eliz. Disney - - - 20 0 0

Ursula Church - - - 40 0 0

Dame Margaret - - 40 0 0

Katharine Ironmonger - - - 40 0 0

Sophia Nevill - - 40 0 0

To Anne Disney - - - 20 0 0

Susan Wooduard - - - 20 0 0

Martha Bast in - . 20 0 0

Hester de Civill- - - . 30 0 0

Mary Webster - - - - 10 0 0

Martin Carbonnell 20 0 0

Mary Bricknall - -. Tho. Fry - - - - 20 0 0

- - 10 0 0

Tho. Cummins - - 10 0 0

Wm.Bawkham - - 10 0 0

Anne Head - - JO 0 0

Joan Mills - . 10 0 0

Kath. Roberts - 10 0 0

Joan Launce - - 10 0 0

Susan Clark - - - 10 0 0

Per Annum.

Jennings £ s. d.

- - - 10 0 0

Job. Atkins - - . - - - 10 0 0

Dame Eliz. Lenthall - - 10 0 0

Eliz. Loup - - - 20 0 0

Bevis Gough - - - - JO 0 0

Sarah Madge - - - - 10 0 0

Anne Silver - - 10 0 0

Rich. Yeates - - - - 10 0 0

Kath. Tessin - - - - 10 0 0

Margaret Marshall - - - 10 0 0

Margaret J - - - 20 0 0

Eliz. Churchill - - - 20 0 0

John Stephens - - - 12 0 0

Magdalen Thomas - - - - IO 0 0

Anne Moody - - - . - 10 0 0

Hester Walker - - - 20 0 0

EleanorPendrill . - - - - 20 0 0

de Veil - . - - - - 50 0 0

Abemethy - - - - 20 0 0

To Jane Pygott - - m 20 0 0

Sarah Hussey - . - - - - 20 0 0

Dubat - - - 20 0 0

de Chad - _ - - - 20 0 0

# Bernier - - - 20. 0 0

Verangeville . - - - - 20 0 0

# de Champigny - - - 20 0 0

Mermande - - - - 20 0 0

Susan Petit - - 40 0 0

d'Alix - - - 40 0 0

Edward Crips - . - - 40 0 0

- Ellin Morgan - - 10 0 0

Susan Foxton - - - - 100 0 0

Sarah Miller - - - - >3 4 0

To the Society of French 1 Gentle- )

women at the Hague, to be returned to Van Schuylenberg, or such other Person 200 0 0

as her Majesty may hereafter appoint , 5

To de Ronsell - - - 40 0 0

Ellen Carlisle - - - 100 0 0

Eliz. Bedford - - - - 40 0 0

Margaret Whittle - - - - 40 0 0

Mary Simpson - - - 50 0 0

Margaret Morrison - - - 50 0 0

Martha Simpson - - - 40 0 0

Mary Bocock - - - - 40 0 0

Theo. Garlick - - - - 30 0 0

Mentis - - - - 3o 0 0

Milburne Maddox - - - - 30 0 0

Tho. Smith - - - - 3® 0 0

Matthias Ascough - - - - 30 0 0

William Dollard - - - 30 o1 0

Leonard Blanchfeild - - - 30 0 0

Lodoxeick Howard - - - - 30 0 0

Ralph Haggerstone - - - 30 0 0

Rich. Letham - - - - 30 0 0

Sarah Ross - - - 30 0 0

To Frances Mackenzie - . - - 40 0 0

Sarah Mathews - - - 100 0 0

Bernard Gales, for himself 40/, pert Annum, and for the Maintenance of a>

80 0 0

Turkish Girl, 40/. per Annum - )

To Rich. Bradley - - - 40 0 0

Rowland Peirce - - - 40 0 % 0

Susan Benson . - . 50 0 0

Gregory Genuini - - - 30 0 0

Tho. Lewin - - - 20 0 0

Joyce Greeting - - - 22 0 0

Croisette - - - 20 0 0

Dame # Douglas - - - 50 0 0

Douglas, her Daughter - 20 0 0

To our Almoner, for our private# 800 A 0

Pensions and Charities - u

To

ilfli

a Ann

To him more, for the AraUck Prb-fessor at Oxford \being 80 i. per Annum,

for the Support and Maintenance of two Youths, from time to time, to be instructed in that Language, and 201, per Annum to the said Professor, for his Pams in teaching them -

To Grabe - -

Dartiquenabe

Gaffarellie -

Grove - - - - 4

Hayxvdrd -

Walter Butler -

Martha Farthing -

Thco. Bellasis - -

Kath. HilldeSley -

Mart) Shelley - -

Eliz. Olivier -

Eliz. Tattersell - -

Harris ——

AJ/tz. Bernard -

Jo/m Edmonds - -

Henry Quinn -

Kath. Coay -

To Teresa IVroughtvn -

Richard Dretcry - -

Bernard de Vigneu -

Sam.Pack -

Mary Simons -

Afa/A. J3acA - 4 - -

Frances Otway -

AhraA Marshall - -

Mary St. Lo- -

JoAm Calvert -

Mary Watkins - -

.E/rz. Atkinson - -

Kath. Devenish - -

Dorothy Watrley - -

Henry Walter -

Hester Dawson 4

Elinor Clausen 4 - -

TAo. Andrews 4444

TAa. Green 4 4 -

AaraA Wright 4 444

Mary Austen 4

John Gerrard -»-

To the Countess of Lincoln, towards the Maintenance of her Son the yc Earl of Lincoln - -

To- the Earl of Westmorland Tho. Povey, Esquire JFm. Killigrew -

JoAfl Baptist Draghi Eliz Countess of Clancarty -Lady Margaret McCarty Castilian, Countess of Cavan, for youngest Son -Duchess de la Forces Eliz. Ramsey -

Colonel Philip Howard -

Edw. Howard -AJflz. Arnold -

To f/me Carey, towards Maintem of her Son Lucius Viscount Falkland Judith Sturton, for the Maintenance -her Son - . -

JoA« Gosling, Clerk Lucrcce de Chevernay Claude Davennes -

Mary and /a Borde -Jfrtf/t. and Mary Dhubac Is'ebeau de Brasselay Heneritta, de Hautchermoy Judith de Bruqtiire - -

JE//Z, Vebron Vol. 14.

a $° Decembrist

Per Annum.

£ tf.

65

Per Annum; List of

100 o 6

100 6 0

20 0 0

20 0 b

ioo 0 0

10 b 0

30 0 0

300 0 0

150 0 0

50 0 0

20 b 0

40 b

20 0 0

20 0 0

10 0 0

20 0 0

40 0 0

10 0 0

6 0 0

20 0 0

80 b 0

10 0 0

20 b 0

15 0 0

10 0 0

15 0 0

10 0 0

30 b 0

to 0 0

7b 0 0

70 0 0

70 0 0

40 0 0

30 0 0

8 0 0

20 0 0

9 0 0

20 0 0

8 0 0

9 0 0

;> 20o 0 0

300 0 0

100 0 0

150 0 0

100 0 0

1,000 0 0

200 0 0

J 50 0 0

500 0 0

100 0 0

120 0 0

150 0 0

100 0 0

200 0 0

] 30 0 0

50 0 0

30 0 0

40 0 0

24 0 0

20 0 0

20 0 0

36 0 0

12 0 0

12 0 0

Jlfo/y Boudoft - -

A/ary dfe Chadignac Mary Verveitton - -

Hauteclair - 4 - - i

Charlotte and A/aty MaUeray -Blanch Fourflier - -

Louise and Aimee Lamaugere Mary Berault -

Jeanne de Sussac - -

Mary and Dihnont - 4 -

Louise de Loamy t -

Frantois and J0A/1 Marioge - -

Susanne de Culan St. Metne - -

vim/e Benigne Desgrouvais -

Charlotte Montigrton - -

Susanne le Cercle - -

Charlotte PofnmeaU -

Mary de Champagne -

Mary and Kuth. la Ferriere -Heneritta and Mary Loubigny Judith Beconne - -

Ester, Mary, and Susanna Champlau-\ ,

rier - - 1 i - - 5 4 o 0

A/a? and Susanna Bette Falquerelles 1

To# Pasquett- -

Gabrielle de Mbntmttan - -

Angelique Dondar -

Francois Sarette -

Mary Dubreville -

Mary Jonneau - *

Mary Chabertnes - -

-Ester and LuCrece Longueverg

Madeline de Touchimbert -

Madeline Domaunt - 4

Andre, Pierre, and 7

Laprimanday Eliz. and Afa/A. Toarlon -

Susanna la Pennolitrre - 4

Mary St. FaussevicOuse -Susanna Marolles -Emeraudle Grand Martha Dollon -

Susanna de Serridre - -

Mary de Rozetl - -.

Hellene and Margarite Marancin Eliz. de la Barte -Susanna de la Hospitall -Heneritta de la Largere -

Heneritta de Belief onds -Sarah de St. Heleime Claude Duncan 4

ATafA. Siecler -

Ursula Siecler - 4

Jaqueline Godeau de Id Roche 4

.E&r. Peregoix 4 -

DangCau - -

/o Afuce - 4 -

Mary de Lisle - 4 -

Pardaillon 4

ATa/A. de Dollon

Langrague -

To de Renecall -

</e Boisrisseau Francis Plunket -

Donavant -

Margaret Stevens Anne Paltock -

Persoode -

Henry Gwyn -

Oliver de la Muce, Esquire Peter de la louche

Sir Witiwood Moicat Matthew Clark -

Ji?A« Lauze - - - 4

3 X

£ d.

26 0

12 0 0

12 0 b

25 0 0

24 0 0

25 0 0

30 0 0

12 0 0

12 0 0

30 b 0

20 0 b

i5 0 0

is 0 0

15 d 0

»5 0 0

»5 0 b

12 0 0

40 0 0

24 0 0

30 0 b

15 b 0

24 0 b

20 0 0

12 0 0

6 0 d

»5 0 b

12 0 b

12 0 6

12 0 b

10 0 0

12 0 0

20 0 0

18 b 0

IS 0 0

45 0 0

33 0 0

25 0 0

12 0 0

12 0 0

2 0 0

30 0 0

18 0 0

12 0 0

40 0 0

25 0 0

'25 0 0

50 0 0

25 0 0

20 0 0

20 0 0

25 0 0

25 0 0

47 0 0

20 0 0

100 0 0

30 0 0

50 0 0

39 0 b

30 0 0

50 0 0

9 0 0

39 b 0

30 0 0

22 0 0

13 4 0

40 0 0

100 0 0

20 .0 0

150 0 0

59 0 0

40 0 6

20 0 0

50 0 0 Tho.

List of PensionSh

9/&

Tho. Chambezlaine *

0/goaldtFawne -

£/;z. cZ M re -

Anne (Journey

Margaret Barker . - -

Sarah.Bridgman Deborah Rolcston -Kflth.HarlacJcenden . Sara/uOakover -

Eliz. Macdoiwel Winifred Whaley -

AfpgadenCunningham -flfackraken - -The Duchess of Halsten/Jjeck Doctor Cokebume, Minister of the'

English Church,at Amsterdam , Colonel Richard Bagott -, Captain Henry Thennas -, Captain 7'Ao. Pauldrn -Major /////

Hasting Baldock, late of the 2d Troop!

of Guards -

John Barfafd, the like -William Fauchin, the like Peter Jamb, the like -

John Button, the like.

John Rreres, the like -

Francis Jones, and Ajine Lloyd, Daugh- i tars yf Wm. Pendrill, deceased, each 50 /. I

per vVnnjum, in lieu of so much lately > payable to themjby the Paymaster, of the 1 Forces ----- -J

.To the Afternoon Preacher at Ken~\ singtqpChurch, for the Time being -J To Thomas Brown, a superannuated i Huntsman, in lieu of so much formerly > paid him out f the privy Purse - - )

To Eliz. Richards - -

To Hqnry Wood - .- - -

., To AliceShipton -

De

Per Annum.

£. s. d.

;l8 0 0

.18 .,0 0

\4 0 0

MO O 0

20 0 0

.30 0 0

30 0 0

.40 -0 0

[30 0 0

Bo xo 0

,30 0 0

30 0 0

30 .0 0

2.00 0 0

6o 0 0

10,0 - 0 0

50 0 0

50 0 0

50 0 0

27 7 6

27 7 6

37 7 6

47 7 6

37 7 6

27 7 6

100 0 o

20 o o

50 .0 0

ao -o o

20 o o

(20 oO 0

154759 16 8

Her Majesty's. Bounty to the French]

Protestants, payable by the said 15,000 o o Nicholas -

Total. - 30,759 xS 8

Pensions, payable by Henry Baker.

£ 0. d-

To Captain Porter, per Week 5 p 0 To Mr. Fisher, ditto - 5 0 0

To Mr. Harris, ditto -300

To Mr. Boys, ditto -300

To Mr. Bartram, ditto 1 10 o

To Mr. Inwood 1 10 o

To Mr. Banaham - 1 10 0

To Mr. Crimes - -1100.

To Mr. Lunt - -100

To Mr. Brown - - o 10 o

23 10 o

Pensions, payable by the Treasurer of the Navy.

To Rebecca Haytcr -Dajne Anne St George -Mary Carter - - -.

Lady Wheeler -

Mary Fletcher -

.Anne Skelton -

Hannah Romecoyle

Ellen Wren - -

Frauds Jennifer -

.Mary Aden -

Eliz. Haryum Cornelius Galway - .

Anne Pepwell -MaryParhidgt Dorothy Searle

Eliz. Ury Eliz. Taylor -Etiz. Chapman Sir Geo. Rook Geo. Churchill, Esquire Hen. Killigrew, Esquire Sir RalphDelav Knight James Sothern, Esquire -Sir Cha. Hedges, Knight Phineas Bowes, Esquire Captain Lawrence Wright Sir Robert Robinson Sir Richard Booth Captain John Clements -Captain David Lambert -Captain Bcry. Hoskins Captain Lionel Ripley Captain John Votear Captain Wm. Fazeby Captain David Condon Captain Samuel Tilly Captain Tho. Will-

Lieutenant John Luff Lieutenant Cha. Farr Lieutenant Robert Peck Lieutenant Francis Hollis Captain Richard Vittells Cha. Stewart John Former Moses Jaajueau Peter Chaseloup Peter Gawdy Wm. Marretts John Marretts Captain Ozecde Cornu -Francis Burrell Nathanael Seavy -

John Hay don -

Walter Bamaby

Wm. Parker -

Henry Rogers - -

Peter Farewell

Ralph Rawlings

Wm. Picknuut

Tho. Brawn -

A. 1703.

Per Annum. L s. d.

2bp 0 0 John Gliddon

260 0 0 Wm. Hill -

5b 0 0 John Taylor -

156 0 0 Bety. Pitfield

78 0 ,0 John Oliver

78 0 0 Wm. Harris

78 0 0 Pascoe Neilder

78 0 0 Gregory Cornish

52 0 0 Wm. Good -

26 0 0 Wm. Lent on

John Green -

1,222 0 0 Tho. Cork, -

Geo. Pilsby -

John Gray

John Hooper -

150 0 0 Abel Woolerd

250 p 0 Wm. Holloway

200 Q 0 John Whitnall

200 0 0 Tho. Beare -

136 IQ 0 Tho. Gosling -

1O0 0 0 Edw. Knight

100 0 0 John Reynolds

1QO p 0 John Andrews

9» p 0 James Willon

80 0 0 Samuel Glede

A 70 0 0

60 4)Si

to - 60 0 I)

- - ,64 2 0

- 64 ic 0

-- 50

m m 50 0 0

- u. 40 0 0

- - 1,092 O 0

- - 500 0 0

- - 665 .3 8

- - 637 0

- - 300 0 0

<400 0 0

- 28 11 4

- So 15 4

- 150 0 0

- - 150 0 0

- - 218 8 0

- - 145 13 O

- - 84 O O

- 122 17 O

- - 136 10 0

- - 145 12 O

- - 54 12 0

- - 30 0 0

- 100 0 0

- 36 8 0

- . 36 8 0

- - 36 8 0

- - 14 0 0

- - 100 0 0

- - 100 0 0

- - 200 0 0

- - 100 0 0

- 100 0 0

- 70 0 0

- - 30 0 0

- - 30 0 0

- - 40 0 0

- 59 3 0

8t 18 0

81 18 0

m - 81 18 0

- 54 1 0

- - 54 12 0

W to 54 -12 0

- 54 12 0

54 12

40 19 0

- - 40 19 0

- 40 19 0

« 40 19 0

- - 40 19 0

a - 40 19 0

- - 40 19 0

- - 40 19 0

- - 36 8 0

- - 36 8 0

- to 36 80

- - 52 0 0

- - 52 0 0

- - 45 10 0

- - 45 10 0

- - 39 0 0

- - 39, 0 0

- - 39 0 0

39 0 0

- - 39 0 0

- - 39 0 0

- to 39 0 0

- - 228

- 32 10 0

- - 32 10 0

- - 52 0 0

Wm.

3 AnM.

,aa® — 23°

267

PferAnriiim.

Win.'Hodges . -JoAn Traherne -Ethnos Turner -Gtt). Hems Tho. Chadbourne -Robert Tomlinson --Jacob Pehn Wm.Luckms -Wm.Br&wn &ho. Parsons - Joseph Goodwin 'Richard Ba

John Adams John Barnet 'Tho. Wiggens

JoAra Newberry John Bond Daniel Hackman -John Pigott Wm. Sedger

Francis Grtp

Alexander Sutherland Matthew Richardson Edm. Lorwance -Henry Hurleburt 'Win.Booreley -Joseph Smith John Evans Wm Chappell Tho. Sutton -John Moyle Robert Pearse -Nathanael Dogget Tho. Bayle fa. Rydout John Kent Henry Cutter -

Rich. Edwyn Rich. Bond -

Rich. Blackman Abr. Penfold Tho. Bully Martin niches Nathanael Bailey Francis Skelton Wm. Clerke Thomas Bates Tho. Coomer

Garrisons To Colonel Lillingston Captain Harris Captain Griffith Captain Porter Lieutenant Meoles

Abstract of the aforegoing Lists. At the Exchequer By Tallies of First -fruits, Tenths, } and Alienations j

Out of 4£ per Cent £. ioooo Out of 12 i.per Chaldron

on Coals - - 500,

By Commissioners of Excise -

By the Receiver-general of the,) Post Office - j

By the Receiver of Cornwall -

By the Receiver of Wales -

Vol. 14.

£- s. d:

m 52 0 0

m - 45 10 0

45 ib 0

m - 45 io 0

- - - 39 0 0

- - m 20 11 4

- - 39 b 0

- - at 39 0 0

- - - 39 0 0

- - 32 10 0

m - m 52 0 0

- - - 16 5 0

- - - 52 0 0

- - - 45 TO 0

- - - 45 10 0

- - - 45 IO 0

- '45 10 0

m - 45 10 0

- - - 39 0 0

- - - 39 0 0

- 39 0 0

- - 39 0 0

- - - 39 0 0

- - - 39 0 0

- - - 39 0 0

- - - 32 10 0

- - - 32 10 0

- 26 0 0

- - - 52 0 0

- - 30 10 0

- - - 70 8 4

- - 86 13 4

- - - 86 13 4

- - - 86 13 4

- - - 87 3 0

- - 65 0 0

- - - 54 16 4

- m - 64 4 8

- U - 64 4 8

- - - 16 5 b

- - 2 6 4

W - l6 5 0

- - 2 16 0

- - m l6 5 0

« - - 8 0 0

- - 6 13 4

- - 6 >3 4

- - - 6 0 0

varth - - P 4 0

11,392 10 '4

lie Guards and

\ - 206 0 0

- 150 0 0

As. a Day - 73 0 0

3. - - 54 15 0

2. a - 36 10 0

2s - - 36 10 0

15,308

11,650

3 8

Out of the Royal Oak Lbttety -' By the Cofferer tof the Household By the Treasurer of the Chaniber ByMr. Nicholas -

By Mr. Baker -

By the Treasurer of the Navy

' Per AnhiAn.

C s.d. 3,622 12 6 6,040' 17 io 1,277 10 o 30,759'i6 ;8 1,222 p o 11,392 10 4

Wm. Lowndes.

550 15 6

1.500 0 o

15 209 15 4$ 29,400 0 o

5,330 o 6

2.500 0 0

Total - 135,213 6 4

Besides the Annuity, payable to' his Royal Highness the

Prince of Denmark, and several ancientStipends, id

lowable at Audits out of the Land Revenue.

22 December,

1703.

Ordered, That the said List do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members' of the House.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Way# an Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Mean#. Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted ' to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair Of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said'Committee, that they liad agreed Upon several Resolutions, which they had'directed hitn to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made To-mbrrdw Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, that hie tva3 directed by the Committee to move the House, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-niglit, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to coasider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrowr Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jotis, 23 die Dectm; Anno 2° Annae Regina.

pRAYfcltS.

MR. Richard Musgrave(according to Order) present- Briscoe'# ed to the House a Bill, for the Improvement dl the Estate;

Estate of John Biiscde, Esquire, in she County of Cumberland-, add the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill, to enable the Guardian Of the Right Honour- Earl of able Edward Henry Earl of Warwick and Holland, during Warwick and his M inoiity, to make Leases of several Messuages in or Bolland# near Smi/fyield, London, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Rill be committed to Mr.

Sir John Storehouse, Mr. Bertie, Sir Robert pavers, Mr.

Musgrave, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Lee, Mr. Pagitt, Mr. Dolben,

Ibrd Hyde, Mr. Roberts, Mr. NevilL, Mr. Oxven, Colonel Wharton, Mr. Lawson, Mr. Freeman, Sir Sir

Jos. Jekyll, Mr. Cesar, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Hayes, Sir Robert Eden: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Estate;

Ordered, That Mr. Hunt have Leave to go into the Leave of Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. Mountague have Leave to go into the Country for three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

The Lord Hyde reported from the Committee, to whom Cholmand thfe ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for ley's Nat naturalizing Elizabeth Cholmondley, the Wife of George

Cholmondley,

York City Court of Conscience

Royston

Roads

Ditto.

Prosecutions of Earl of Halifax, &c.

Ways

and Means.

Maiming the Navy.

68 a30 Decembtis — -3® Januarii. A> 1703.

CholmoncUey, Esquire, was committed; that they had gone through the Gill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House i Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon agreed unto by-the House; and is, as followeth;

Press 1. L. 4. After " Cholmondiey" insert " Wife of " George Cholmpndley, and."

Sir William Robinson presented to the House (accord-

ing to Order) a Bill, for a Court of Conscience for the City of York; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

House, to consider further of that Part of her Majesty's Speech, which relates to the easier manning of the Navy Royal and the recruiting her Majesty's Land Forces.

Ordered, That the Bill, for the better Relief, Employ- Poor ment, and Settlement, of the Poor, be read upon Tuesday- Law , come-sevennight.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to York West whom the Bill, for the publick registering of all Con Riding veyances, Mortgages, or other Securities that shall here- Re8isU7 after be made of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the West Riding of the County of York, w as committed, be made upon Thursday come Sevennight, at Twelve a Clock.

A Bill, for repairing the Highways between and Caxton, in die County of Cambridge, was read a

Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Freeman, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Trefusis, Mr. How, Lord Coningsby,

Mr. Bulkley, Mr. Brydges, Mr. Conyers, Sir Holland,

Mr. Clayton, Mr. Foley, Mr. Pigott, Sir Robert Eden, Sir Hen. Pickering, Mr. Mansell, Mr. John, Mr. -ham, Mr. Price, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Aislaby; and all that

serve for the Counties of Huntingdon, Cambridge, Lincoln, York, Hertford, and Essex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for the rectifying Abuses, and obliging Persons to account, who have received Monies for repairing the Highways by Turnpikes.

A Petition of the Bailiffs, Assistants, and Commonalty of the ancient Borough of Godm in the County of Huntingdon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there is a Bill depending in the House, for repairing the Highways between Royston and Caxton, upon the Northern Post Road; and the said Road being very ruinous Six Miles further Northward to the said Borough, and the Persons, whose Lands lie adjacent, not being in a Condition to amend the same, the Petitioners pray, that the said Roads may be repaired as far as Godmanchester.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Teller, for the Yeas,) } 80.

Teller, for the Noe,| } 96-

So it passed in the Negative.

Mr. Solicitor-general reported to the House, the Account (according to Order) of what Proceedings have been made in the Prosecution of Charles Lord Half ax, upon the Address of this House the last Session of Parliament; and also of what Proceedings have been against Dyer the News-writer, and Mr. Lloyd, the Lord Bishop of Worcesters, Son, pursuant to the Directions of this

House the last Session of Parliament.

And a Debate arising concerning the Prosecution against Charles Lord Halifax, and his not having appeared to an Information exhibited against him

Resolved, That the Debate be adjourned until Tuesday come Fortnight.'

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, be made upon the First Day of the Meeting of the House after the Holidays.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday come Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

Resolved, That the Hobse be adjourned until Monday Adjoate Sevennight m t‘

And then the House accordingly adjour'ned till Monday Sevennight, Nine a Clock.

Lunoe, 3 die Janu;

Anno 2 Anme Re<

Prayers.

ABIL L, for the Improvement of the Estate of John Brisco Briscoe, in the County of Cumberland, was read a E tate. Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Smithson, Sir John Kay, Mr. Swift, Mr. Lam-plugh, Mr. Musgrave, Mr. Lawson, Sir Robert Detcers,

Mr. Walpole, Mr. Gee, Mr. Harpur, Mr. Granville, Mr.

Harley, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Comyns, Mr. Dyott, Mr. -denham, Mr. Foley, Mr. Gery, Mr. Manaton, Mr. Cage,

Sir Tho. Wroth, Mr. Meyrick; and all that serve for toe Counties of Cumberland wad York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Coward have Leave to go Leave of into toe Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Absence. Occasions.

Henry Manaton, Esquire, being returned a Burgess for Cemelford the Borough of Came ford, in the County of Cornwall, and Writ, also for the Borough of Taeistock, in the County of Devon, made his Election to serve for the said Borough of Tavistock.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Came ford, in the room of the said Mr. Manaton.

Mr. WyIde(according to Order) presented to the House Worcester

a Bill, for the erecting a Work-house in the City of Wor- Workhouse. cester, and for setting the Poor on Work there; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That toe Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Comyns (acording to Order) presented to the Andrew House a Bill, to charge the Estate of Ambivse Andrews, Estate. Gentleman, with a certain Sum of Money, for Payment of Debts, and to supply some Defects in the Settlement of the said Estate, by giving Power to John Andrews,

Son and Heir apparent of the said Ambrose, to make a Jointure, and Leases of the said Estate; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill, for enabling Sir Joseph Alston, Baronet, to make Alston's Provision, both for his eldest Son, and his, younger Chil- Estate, dren, in his Life-time, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Che-me, Sir Arthur Owen, Mr. Drake, Mr. Lawson, Mr.

Bulkley, Mr. Comyns, Mr. St.John, Mr. Ward, Sir Brian

Stapleton,

Alston's

Estate.

flnllipson's

Estate.

Answer to Address,

Answer to Resolution.

a Ann. 3° Januarii- 269

Stapleton, Mr. Stevens, Sir John , Mr.

Lord Coningsby, Mr. Lamplngh, Sir Robert Mr.

Dolben, Mr. Dyott, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Mr.

kins, Mr. Haipur, Mr. Moncton; and all that serve for the Counties of Surrey, Bucks, and Sussex: And

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of Mary Alston, Widow, on the behalf of Joseph Alston, her Son, and Five Daughters, her Children by Edward Alston, deceased, younger Son of Sir Joseph Alston, late of Chelsea, Baronet, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said Sir Joseph's Grandfather did, by his last Will, in March, 1684, give divers Legacies to the Petitioners the Children, amounting in Value to 1,000l. Part of which the said Sir. Joseph hath paid, and by his Answer in Chancery hath confessed Assets; yet refuses to pay the rest, though, by Order of that Court, he was to pay the Petitioners a certain Sum for their Subsistence; yet he refuses to do it; whereupon a Writ of Execution is issued against him; and the said Sir Joseph is also indebted 400l. Principal Money, to the Petitioner Joseph, by Bond, dated 24th June, 1697; and the Petitioners are suing the said Sir Joseph for their said Demands; but he, to defeat the Petitioners (he being only Tenant for Life) hath a Bill depending in this 1 louse, to enable him to make Provision, both for his eldest Son, and his younger Children, in his Life-time: And praying, that the Petitioners may be heard what they have to offer against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Sir Christopher , Knight, was

presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, through Misfortunes, he hath been forced to contract considerable Debts, and hav ing, by a Settlement, limited his Estate in Reversion, after his Death, to his Daughters (having no Issue Male) and Eliz. one of them, being lunatick, and having an undivided Interest in Reversion throughout the Petitioner's Estate, is incapable of making a Division, or of joining in the Sale of any Part thereof j whereby the Petitioner is disabled to pay his said Debts: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, to vest Part of the Petitioner's Estate in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts, charging Part thereof with a competent annual Payment quarterly, for the Maintenance of the said Lunatick.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Colonel Grahme and Mr. Richard Mus do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Speaker reported, that he, with the House, did, before the Recess, present to her Majesty their humble Address of the 21st of December last; and that her Majesty was pleased thereupon to give this most gracious Answer:

Gentlemen,

I have had the Satisfaction to find, that the Matter, which may have occasioned this Address, is now at an End.

I return you many Thanks for the Concern you express for my Prerogative, and for your repeated Assurances of making the Supplies effectual; which will be greatly for the Honour and Advantage of the Kingdom.

I shall be careful, not to give way to any Invasion of the Prerogative of the Crown, or of the Rights and Liberties of the People.

Mr. Speaker also reported, that he did afterwards also lav before her Majesty the Resolution of this House, relating to the Right Honourable the Earl of Nottingham and that her Majesty was pleased to say,

I am glad to find, you are well satisfied with the Earl of Nottingham, who is trusted by me in so considerable a Post.

VOL. I4.

A Bill, for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Supply Bill; Cyder and Perry, for one Year, was read a Second time. Malt Duues-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Cdmmittee of the whole House. /

Resolved, That this House will, upon JFednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Ways and Committee, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways Means; and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are, as follow;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that, towards the Supply granted to her Majesty, all Grants of Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Pensions, since the 5th Day of November, One thousand Six hundred and Eighty-eight, be resumed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that, towards the Supply granted to her Majesty, all Grants of Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Pensions, since the bth Day of February, One thousand Six hundred and Eighty-four, be resumed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that, towards the Supply granted to her Majesty, all Serjeants at Law, Barristers, Attorneys, Solicitors, and all Publick Notaries and Scriveners, or Persons practising as such, and every Chancellor, Commissary, Official, and Register, and every Advocate, Proctor, Apparitor, and Persons practising as such, all Preachers and Teachers in separate Congregations, all Brokers to Merchants, and all Factors, and other Persons acting by Commissions from Merchants, or others, and all and every Person or Persons, practising the Art of Physick or Chirurgery, and all and every Person and Persons, exercising any other Professions whatsoever, not being such Professions, as are chargeable to the Land Tax, under the Head of Offices, do pay a Tax of Four Shillings for every Twenty Shillings, which he, she, or they, shall or may, by Estimation, receive, perceive, or take, for or by reason of such his, her, or their, Practices or Professions, for one Year.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that a further Tax be laid upon Offices, Pensions, and Salaries.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that, towards the Supply granted to her Majesty, Liberty be given to purchase Annuities, to be paid out of the Fund of Three thousand Seven hundred Pounds per Week, charged on the hereditary Revenue of Excise.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Bills be brought in, upon the said Resolutions; and that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Solicitor-general, Mr. Conyers, and Mr. Loicndes, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Hungerford reported from the Committee, to whom rriviloge —

it was referred to esquire, who was the Author, and Printer of a Paper, intituled, " The Observator: Fur- 1>ubllcuUo1 ' " ther Remarks on occasional Conformity: From

"nesday, December the 8th, to Saturday, December the " 11 th, 1703:" That they had, pursuant to the said Order, made some Enquiry concerning the Author, and Printer of the Paper, intituled, " The Observator."

That several Persons attended the Committee;

John How, in Talbot Court in Grace-church Street, being asked, whether he printed the Paper, called, " The " Observator;" and being shewed that "Observator," from Wednesday, December the 8th, to Saturday, December the llth, 1703; said, that he did print the same.

Benjamin Bragg, in Ave Mary Lane, owned, that I10 published the Paper, intituled, " The Observator;" and that one John Tutchin is the Author thereof; and he

3 Y receives

Author, Printer, 4c. ordered into Custody.

Privilege — Publication of Proceedings

Ways and Means.

Committees.

Coke's Estate

Foot's Estate.

270 30 — 4 'Jan . 1703.

receives the Copies thereof from the said Tutchin, and pays him half a Guinea a time for the same.

Mr. Robert Stevens, Messenger to the Press, acquainted the Committee, that he has heard the said Tutchin own, that he is the Author of the printed Paper, called, " The " Observator."

And that the Committee is of Opinion, that John Tutchin is the Author of the Paper, called, " The Observatorthat the said John Horv is the Printerand that the said Benjamin Bragg is the Publisher thereof.

Resolved, That the Paper, intituled, " The Observator: " From Wednesday, the 8th, to Saturday, December the " 11 tli, 1703contains Matters scandalous and malicious, reflecting upon the Proceedings of this House, and tending to the promoting Sedition in the Kingdom.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, that John Tutchin is the Author of the said Paper.

Ordered, That the said John Tutchin, for the said Offence, in Breach of the Privilege of this House, be taken into Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, that John How, of Talbot Court, in Grace-church Street, is the Printer of the said Paper.

Ordered, That the said John How, for his said Offence, in Breach of the Privilege of this House, be taken into Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, that Benjamin Bragg, of Ave Mary Lane, is the Publisher of the said Paper.

Ordered, That the said Benjamin Bragg, for his said Offence, in Breach of the Privilege of this House, be taken into Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That, there were tome to his Hands several written Papers, which had been dispersed at Coffee-houses; wherein the Proceedings of the House are misrepresented, and several false Things inserted, as if they had been the Votes of the House.

Ordered, That no News-writers do, in their Letters, or other Papers, that they disperse, presume to intermeddle with die Debates, or any other Proceedings, of this House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 4° die Januarii;

Anno 2 Annae Regina.

Pra y ers.

A BILL, to subject the Estate of Robert Coke, of jLjl Trus/ey,in the County of Derby, Esquire, and

William Cuke, his Son and Heir apparent, to the Payment of the said Robert Coke's Debts, and to make Provision for the Wife and younger Children of the said William Coke, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pagit, Sir Humphry Mackworth, Mr. Harpur, Mr. Crosse, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Wentxm'th, Mr. Foley, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Carson, Mr. Parker, Sir Cyrill Wych, Sir Jacob Astley, Sir Rushout Cullen, Mr. Carteret, Mr. Topham, Mr.

Granville, Mr. Halford, Sir Edw. Hussey, Sir Tho. Wroth, Mr. Herne, Mr. Craggs, Mr. Harcourt, Mr. Gape, Mr. Knatchbull; and all that serve for the Counties of Derby, Teicester, Nottingham, and Stafford: And they are' to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Administratrix (with the Will annexed) of Sanuiel Foot, late of London, Merchant, deceased, to purchase Lands and Tenements, for the Benefit of his only Son Topham Foot, an Infant, and to and for such other Uses, as the personal Estate of the said Samuel Foot by his last Will is limited and appointed, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act to enable Arabella Foot to lay out Monies, belonging to her Son Topham Foot, in Purchases of Lands, for his Benefit.

Ordered, That Mr. Walpole do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed. Bill, for vesting a fourth Part of the Kemp' Estate of Sir Robert Kemp, late of Spain in Esses, Ksut *

(which descended to his Four Sisters and Coheirs) in Trustees to be sold, for the Benefit of the Infants, to whom that Share is descended, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be.

An Act for vesting Lands in Essex, devised by Sir Robert Kemp, Knight, deceased, to the Children and Grandchildren of "Elizabeth Outlaw,one of his Sisters and Coheirs, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Benefit of the Devisees.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the-Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill for settling and confirming several Motton's and Exchanges, with Ralph Earl Montagu, of several Lands Karl Mon-and Common of Simon Mutton, and others, lying in Gcd- U8u Ksute. dington, in the County of Northampton, for several Lands of the said Earl's lying near the same, and for confirming several Agreements relating to the said Exchanges, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act for settling and confirming several Exchanges, with Ralph Earl Montagu, of several Lands and Commons of Simon Motton, and others, lying in

in the County of Northampton, for several Lands of the said Earl's, lying near to the same, and for confirming several Agreements relating to the said Exchanges.

Ordered, That Mr. Dolben do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, that he had re- Petercfield ceived a Letter from the Mayor of the Borough of - "nt> feild, in the County of Southampton, that Richard Marks,

Esquire, one of the Burgesses for the said Borough, died the 1st Day of January Instant.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Wrarrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Peiersfeild, in the County of Southampton, in the room of Richard Marks, Esquire, deceased.

A Bill, for the better Relief, Employment, and Settle- Poor Law , ment, of the Poor, was (according to Order) read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Saturday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning Manning the (after the Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, Navy. . for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for one Year) resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of that Part of her Majesty's Speech, which relates to the easier manning of the Navy Royal, and the recruiting her Majesty's Land Forces.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Commiit«».

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

An ingrossed Bill, to enable Arabella Foot, Widow and

Dufy

Carterett's

Estate

Punishing Mutiny and Desertion

Importing

Salt-petre.

Holdens

Estate

Lord J ermyn's Estate.

Godfrey's

Annuity.

i Ann. 5° Januarii.

Mercurii, 5 die Januarii;

Amo 2 Annse

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, for vesting several Estates in the Counties of Cornwall and , and several Lease-

hold Estates, in Trustees, to be sold, for raising Portions for the younger Children of George Lord Carterett, deceased, and for laying out the Overplus of the Money, raised by such Sales, in Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses, as the Lands in Cornwall and Devonshire were settled, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for vesting several Estates in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, and several Leasehold Estates, in Trustees, for raising Portions for the younger Children of George Lord Carteret, deceased, and for laying out the Overplus of the Money, raised by such Sales, in Purchase of other Lands.

Ordered, That Sir Cyrill do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for punishing Officers, or Soldiers, who shall mutiny, or desert her Majesty's Service, in or and for punishingfulse Musters, and for better Payment of Quarters in England, for the Year 1704; and that Mr. Solicitor-general, Mr. Blaithwait Sir Joseph ham, and Mr. Haw, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, against the discharging of Men after they are regularly listed.

Sir John Parsons (according to Order) presented to the

House a Bill, for the reviving of an Act, made in the 5th and 6th Year of their late Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for the Importation of Salt-petre for one Year; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Friday Morning next.

nuity of 1,000l. per Annum, payable half-yearly, during the Life of the Petitioner Arabella, out of the private Estate of the late King James, which was adjudged to the Petitioners, upon their Claim before the Trustees for Sale of Irish Forfeitures, and was paid by the Trustees, until

they sold the said Estate, subject to the said Annuity; but the Deeds of Sale bearing Date in the Months of April,

May, and June, 1703, and therein expressing, that the Lands are subject to the said Annuity only from the Dates of the Deeds (though there was due to the Petitioners half a Year's Kent, ending at Lady-day preceding) the Purchasers refuse to pay the same, and the Petitioners are advised, that they cannot recover the same by Law:

And praying the Relief of the House therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Trustees for the Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, to state the Matters of Fact to this House.

A Petition of Doctor Charles Crow, Lord Bishop of Bishop of Cloyne, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Bishoprick ot Cloyne, by many Encroach- j. 'Wor-ments of the Lord Clancartys Family, has been reduced feitures. from a sufficient Revenue to a very low Condition: That the Lands of Donamore, in the County of Cork, did belong to that See in my Lord Strafford's Government; but the Church being dispbssessed in the Rebellion that followed, were claimed by every succeeding Bishop since that Time; but in i6b8 the Lands were in Possession of the Earl of Clancarty, a forfeiting Person; and the Petitioner not being made Bishop, till it was too Lite to prove his Right before the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, the Lands were exposed to publick Sale; and the Petitioner, finding the Trustees, and every body, so sensible of the Church's Right, that the Lands could not easily be sold to any other, did purchase the said Lands for 4,0201, and was forced to raise the First Payment (being 1,340/.) at 10/. per Cent. Interest; yet is willing to quit his great Bargain for the Benefit of the Church: And praying, that the said Lands may be restored to the See of Cloyne.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Trustees, to state the Matters of Fact to the House, and also, when the Bishop of Cloyne was last in Possession of the Lands mentioned in the Petition.

A Petition of Robert Holden, Gentleman, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, upon the Petitioner's Marriage, his Father, Holden, settled several Lands, of 140/. per Annum, upon the Petitioner, and his Issue Male; and the Petitioner has several Children: That the Estate was settled, Part in Possession, and Part in Reversion; the reversionary Part being about 40/. per Annum; which his Father is willing should be sold, to discharge several Debts contracted by his Son (for which they arc both engaged) thereby to prevent the Imprisonment of the Petitioner, and the utter Ruin of his Family; which the Trustees of the said Settlement, and all Relations, are so sensible of, that they are consenting, the said 40/. per Annum should be sold, to discharge the said Debts, and raise something to put the said Children out Apprentices; which cannot be done, w ithout an Act of Parliament for that Purpose; And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for Sale of some Part of the said settled Estate, for Payment of the said Debts, and disposing of the said Children Apprentices.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill , according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Harpur and Mr. Curson do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

The Lord Coningsby (according to Order) presented to

the House a Bill, for the confirming, and better Execution, of Articles, and the Agreements therein contained, for the Disposition and Division of the Estate of the late Lord Jcrntyn among his Coheirs; and the same was received.

A Petition of Charles Godfrey, Esquire, and Arabella, his Wife, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners are legally entitled to an An-

Vol. 14.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply Bill; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, tipon Walt uties the Bill, for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum,

Cyder, and Perry, for one Year;

A Petition of the Maltsters of the ancient Borough of Nottingham was offered to the House:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Petition be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the House (according to Order) resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Friday Alorning next.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Manning tU. Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Navy, that Part of her Majesty's Speech, which relates to the easier manning of the Navy Royal, and recruiting her Majesty's Land Forces.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered,

Committees

Earl of Warwick and Holland's Estate.

Lord

Jermyn's

Estate.

Committees.

Leave of Absence.

Herbert's

Estate.

Jenkins

Estate.

272 5° — 7° Januarii. A. 1703.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Friday Mr. Smithson, Sir Fra. , Mr. Mr. Blofeild,

Morning next Sir Wm Sir Sir Sir

Fra. Child, Mr. Mr. Crosse, Mr. Masters, Mr.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Figott, Mr. Mr. Brewer, Mr. Ward, Sir John

Mordant, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Clark, Mr. Sir Ordered, That Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Tredenham, Mr. Gape, Hussey, Mr. Budge, Mr Mr. Daslrwood, Mr.

Sir Fra.Massam, Mr. Knatchbull, Mr. Shackerley, Mr. Clayton; and all that serve for the Counties of Durham

Clayton, Sir Tho. Wroth, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Wortley, Mr. and Northumberland: And they are to meet this After-Cooper, Mr. Greenville, be added to the Committee, to noon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers, whom the Bill, to enable the Guardian of the Earl of < ,

Warwick, during his Minority, to make Leases of several An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Rowdier' Messuages in or near Smithfield, London, is committed. for die vesting the Manor of in the Estate.

County of Radnor, and other Lands in the County of And then the House adjourned till Friday Salop, of Mary Bmcdler, and William Rowdier, Gentle-Morning next, Nine a Clock. man, in certain Trustees, for Payment of the Debts, and

. making Provision for the younger Children, of the said

William Boudler, was read the First time.

Veneris, 7° die Januarii; Resolved, That the Pill be read a Second time.

Anno 2 Annas Regina.

Praters.

ABILL, for the confirming, and better Execution, of Articles, and the Agreements therein contained, for the Disposition and Division of the Estate of the late Lord Jermyn among his Coheirs, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Ordered, That Mr. St.John have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Petition of Lioncll Vane, of Long Next-ton, in the County Palatine of Durham, and of Burn,

in the County of York, Esquire, was presented to the I louse, and read; setting forth, that Sir Humphry Herbert, being seised in Tail of the Manor of Middleton and several other Lands and Premises in Bromplon, and elsewhere, in the County of York, and being indebted to several Persons in great Sums of Money, and being minded to pay the same, and dock the said Entail, did suffer a Recovery of the said Manor of and

afterwards another Recovery of all his other Lands and Premises in Brompton, and elsewhere, Com York-, but he falling sick, before the said Estates could be sold, made his- last Will,' and bequeathed to the Petitioners all his Estate, in Trust, to pay his Debts, and the Surplus to go to his Son: That the Petitioners are willing to execute the said Trust, and have agreed for the Sale of several Lands, and a Messuage in Brompton, but, upon Perusal of the said last Recovery, the Name of the Town is mistaken, both in the Deeds for making a Tenant to the cipc, and in the Recovery, Writs of Entry, Summons, and Seisin, being written Brampton, instead of whereby the Recovery is insufficient to dock the Entail, and the Petitioners cannot make a good Title to the Purchaser, though the Mistake was merely a Fault in the Attorney, who sued forth the Recovery: That it will be most for the Advantage of the said Sir Humphry's Family, that the Estate at Brompton should be sold, and as much, as may be, of the Estate at Quernhow preserved: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for rectifying the said Mistake, and for Sale of the said Estate devised by Sir Humphry Herbert, for Payment of his Debts and Legacies, and Performance of his Will.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir William Bowes and Sir Robert Eden do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Bill, to enable John Jenkins, Esquire, to sell Lands in the Counties of Durham and Northumberland, for Payment of Debts charged thereon, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Francis Lee, Mr. Onslow, Sit Fra. Massam, Mr. Vernon, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Johnson, Sir Jo >Lord Chenie,

A Petition of Thomas Legh, Francis Legh, Richard I.egh'

Legh, and Mary Legh, Sons and Daughter of Thomas E wte.

Legh, late of Ridge, in the County of Chester, Esquire, deceased, all Infants, by Mary Green-well, their great Grandmother and Guardian, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said Tho. the Father, being considerably indebted by Mortgage, Bonds, and otherwise, and engaged in several Purchases, not perfected, did, by his last Will, dev ise his Freehold, Leasehold, and Copyhold Estate to Trustees, for a Term of Years, for paying his Debts, and making Provision for his younger Children; but, inasmuch as lie had not surrendered his Copyhold Estate to the Use of his Will, nor given the Trustees any Power to sell, the Provision, intended by the said Will, proves ineffectual, although the speedy paying the said Debts and Portions would be greatly advantageous to the Creditors, and Petitioners, especially the Heir, whose Estate will be thereby cased of the growing Interest: And praying, that Leave may he given to bring in a Bill, for vesting the Estate of the said Thomas Legh in Trustees, for Payment of his Debts, perfecting his Purchases, and better performing of his Will, in respect of the Petitioners Minority.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr.

Ward and Mr. Bridgman do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for Westminster, the better regulating the nightly Watch, within the City &c. NighU/-of Westminster, and other Places within the weekly Bills "atc, K of Mortality, exclusive of the City of London; and that Mr. IIarcourt, Mr. Crosse, Mr. Air. Moor,

do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to them, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, for the making the Laws, for cleansing the Streets, and setting up Lights, more effectual.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for F,ase of the Ease of Sheriffs in the Execution of their Office, and Shenfi . passing their Accounts ;and that Mr. Mcyrkk do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Bill, for the reviving of an Act, made in the 5th importing and 6th Years of their late Majesties Reign, intituled, An Salt-petrc. Act for the Importation of Salt-petre for one Year, was (according to Order) read a Second time.

And a Motion being made, that the Bill be committed;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Resolved, That the Debate be adjourned until Tomorrow Sevennight.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to York West whom the Bill, for the publick registering of all Convey- Riding ances, Mortgages, or other Securities, that shall hereafter be made of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the West Riding of the County of York, was

committed.

.2 Ann.

committed, be madeTo-morrow Morning, after the reading the Bill, for the better Relief, Employment, and Settlement, of the Poor, a Second time.

P.och's Claim Sir Cyrill Wychc presented to the House, the Report on Irish For- from the Trustees, for Sale of the forfeited Estates in titores. Ireland, upon the Petition of Captain

Ordered, Thatthe Report be read Tomorrow Morning.

Forrar's Debt Mr. Dry den reported from the Committee, to whom V> the Crown the Petition of Mr. John , and the Account of the Agents of Taxes relating to him, was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them thereupon, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Report be now read; '

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Report be read upon Monday

.Morning.

Supply Bill; Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Jlali Duties. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and ' Perry, for one Year, was committed, the Amendments, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Manning the Mr. Conyers also (according to Order) reported from Navy. the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of that Part of her Majesty's Speech, which relates to the easier manning of the Navy Royal, and the recruiting her Majesty's Land Forces, the Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are, as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that in all Cases, where the Law requires the Master, and Three-fourths of the Mariners, in navigating any Ship, to be English, it shall be sufficient, if the Master, and one Half of the Mariners, be English.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that a Power be given to levy Men in the respective Counties of this Kingdom, for Increase of the Marine Companies, and for recruiting the Land Forces.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That in all Cases, where the Law requires the Master, and Three-fourths of the Mariners, in navigating any Ship, to be English, it shall be sufficient, if the Master, and one Half of the Mariners, be English.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by adding, after "given," " for one Year."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, so amended, That a Power be given, for one Year, to levy Men in the respective Counties of this Kingdom, for Increase of the Marine Companies, and for recruiting the Land Forces.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions; and that Mr. Conyers, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Etterick, Mr. Brewer, Mr. How, Mr. Solicitor-general, Mr. Tredenham, and Mr. Blathwaite, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Bill be prepared, and brought in, upon the Debate of the House.

.273

Mr. Secretary Hedges acquainted the House, that her ir-,si, jjncn Majesty had commanded him to lay before the House, a Manut'actme, Copy of an Address, which had been presented to her Majesty from the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, of the Kingdom of Ireland, assembled in Parliament, relating to the Lincu Manufacture: And he presented the same to the House accordingly; and the same was read, and is, as followeth; vis.

To the Queen's most excellent Majesty.

The humble Address of the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, of your Majesty's Kingdom of Ireland, in Parliament assembled:

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons, in Parliament assembled, taking into our Consideration the distressed Condition of your Majesty's Subjects of this your Kingdom, and more especially of the industrious Protestants thereof, by the almost total Loss of Trade, and Decay of our Manufactures, have had in our most serious Thoughts, by what Methods this Country might be preserved from utter Ruin.

That of the Linen Manufacture hath come under our Consideration, as what may, in some measure, relieve us in our Distress; to the which we have been chiefly induced by the Applications made to his late Majesty (of glorious Memory) by the Lords- and Commons of England, in Parliament assembled; beseeching, that his Majesty would recommend the same to this Kingdom; and declaring, that, for the Encouragement thereof, they should be always ready to give their utmost Assistance.

We therefore presume humbly to lay before your Majesty, that, though it be very manifest, that the Linen Trade cannot in a long time be brought to such Perfection, as to employ any considerable Number of the Hands, which now want Work, or ever prove advantageous to us, unless speedy and due Encouragement be given thereto by England', nevertheless, in order to lay a good Foundation for the same, as is in our Power, we have proceeded to the forming Heads of a Bill, for promoting the Linen Manufactury in this Kingdom; the passing of which Bill into a Law will (as we humbly conceive) rather tend to compleat the Ruin, than to the Relief, of this Kingdom, unless we be allowed due Encouragement, and full Liberty of making the best of our Linen Trade in all Parts beyond the Seas.

This being our present unhappy Condition, we, in most humble Manner, beseech your most gracious Majesty, that your Majesty would please so to recommend the same to your Parliament of England, that your Majesty's Subjects of this Kingdom may have Liberty of exporting all manner of Linen Cloth (being the Manufacture of this Kingdom) directly from hence to your Majesty's Plantations; and that we may receive such further Encouragement, as has been assured to your Subjects of this Kingdom, if they should turn their Industry to the Improvement of the Linen Manufacture.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, take the Matter of the said Address into Consideration.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Ways and ing next, resolve jtself into a Committee of the whole M«ans. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbatiy 8® Die J;

Anno 1 Annae Regina.

Prayers.

SI R John Thorold reported from the Committee, to Cawdron whom the Bill, to enable Robert Cawdron to settle Part of an improved Estate, for raising Portions for his younger Children, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the saqie

3Z to

7 — 8° J,

274 8° — 10° Januarii. A. 1705.

to be true; and that the Persons concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments be ingrossed.

Leave of Ordered, That Mr. Batch have Leave to go into the Absence. Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Poor in Lon- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for don. the better employing the Poor within the Cities of London

and Westminster, and weekly Bills of Mortality} and that Sir Robert Clayton and Sir Owen Buckingham do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Holden' Mr. Harpu r(according to Order) presented to the Estate. ] louse a Bill, for Sale of some Part of the Estate of

Robert Holden, Gentleman, settled upon him, and John Holden his Father, for the Payment of their Debts, and disposing of his younger Children Apprentices; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Worcester A Bill, for the erecting a Work-house in the City of Work-hous . Worcester, and for setting the Poor on Work there, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Air. Wyh Sir Cyr'illWyche, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Swift, Mr. Clayton,

Air. Harley, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Sir

Jekyll, Mr. Cawpcr, Sir Hustler, Sir Massam,

Sir Hen. Lyddall, Mr. Gery, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Lamp high, Sir John WillAir. Sir Robert

Havers, Mr. Pigott, Mr. Annesley, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Stonehouse, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Bowdszvdl, Sir Rush cut Cullen, Mr. Cartwright; and all, that serve for the Counties of Worcester, Hereford, Salop, and Gloucester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Leave of Absence.

Irish Forfeiture *

Army Debentures.

Ordered, That Mr. Webb have Leave to go into the Country for a Week, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Bill, to enlarge the Time, for the Purchasers of the forfeited Estates in Ireland to make the Payments of their Purchase-money, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Aiorn-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the Officers, Soldiers, Clothiers, Proprietors of Debentures, issued for the Arrears of the Army, and for Clothing, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that some Doubts having arisen, whether all, and which of, the Debentures, made forth, in pursuance of an Act of Parliament, for the Service of the Army, are entitled to an Interest of 5 /. per Cent the Officers of the Exchequer in Dublin have refused to allow any Interest on divers of them; and many of them are still unsatisfied, and are great Part of the Petitioners Substance; but they have not, nor cannot get, any Subsistence therefrom, without Sale of their said Debentures at a very great Discount: And praying the Relief of the House therein, that the said Doubts may be obviated, so that all the said Debentures may be equally entitled to an Interest of 5 /. per Cent.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee of the whole House.

Poor Lavra. A Bill, for the better Relief, Employment, and Settlement, of the Poor, w as, (according to Order) read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve Ea t ludia itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider Trade, of the Trade to the East Indies, being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday next, at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself irito the said Committee.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Silver and Gold, that hath been carried to the East Indies by the East India Companies, or any private Traders, for Five Years, ending at Christmas last; and that the same be done by the Officers of the Customhouse, as far as they can.

Ordered, That they do also lay before this House, an Account of the Value of all East India Goods exported from England, and the several Countries, to which they have been exported, during the said Time of Five Years.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to York We t whom the Bill, for the publick registering of all Con- R|dl,g Re veyances, Alortgages, or other Securities, that shall here- glstry after be made of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the West-Riding of the County of York, was committed, be made upon Tuesday Alorning next, at Twelve a Clock.

Ordered, That the Report from the Trustees for Sale Roche's of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, relating to Captain Roche, be read upon Monday Alorning next. . fcitUrea.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Alorning, Nine a Clock.

Luna, 10® die Januarii;

Anno 2° Annas Regina.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Colonel Byerley, Mr. Heysham, £lston

Sir John Molesicorth, Sir John Air. 'state

Saul, Mr. Serjeant Hooper, Mr. Sparks, Mr. Eyres, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill, for enabling Sir Joseph Alston, Baronet, to make Provision for his eldest Son, and his younger Children, in his Life-time, is committed.

Mr. Ward (according to Order) presented to the House Legh'aEitat . a Bill, for vesting the Estate of Thomas Legh, late of Ridge, in the County of Chester, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, for the Payment of his Debts, perfecting his Purchases, and better effecting the Purposes in his Will; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the' Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Sir Peter Tyrrill, Baronet, and Thomas Tyrrill's Tyrrill, his Son, was presented to the House, and read; Estate, setting forth, that, upon the Alarriage of the Petitioner Thomas with his now Wife, the Seat of the Family in Castlethrupp, in the County of Bucks, with Lands in Hanslopp, in the same County, were settled in Jointure and upon the Issue of that Alarriage: That the Petitioners have contracted several Debts, and are seised of the Demesnes of Castlethrupp, adjoining to the said Seat:

And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, to vest the said settled Lands, in Hanslopp, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of the said Debts, upon settling the said Demesnes, of equal Value, in the same Alanuer, as the said Lands in Hanslopp are settled.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Air. Dormer do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition

2 Ann. 10° — ii° yanuarii.

275

ThorohuH's

Estate.

Andrews'

Estate.

A Petition of Robert Thomhull, Esquire, was presented Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned Call of the

to the House, and read; setting forth, that [a] * until Tomorrow Seven-night Mouse. * # ## *

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday w.ivs and A Bill, to charge the Estate of Ambrose Andreas, Morning next (after the Second Reading of the Bill, lor Means. Gentleman, with a certain Sum of Money for Payment laying a further Duty upon Wines to be retailed; and for of Debts, and to supply some Defects in the Settlement ascertaining the Wine Measures; and for preventing the of the said Estate, by giving Power to John Andrews, Mischiefs of corrupt, damaged, and vitiated. Wines)

Son and Heir Apparent of the said Ambrose, to make a resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Jointure and Leases, of the said Estate, was read a consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Second time. supply granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. IIamondt Mr. Johnson, Mr. Gape, Mr. Comyns, Mr. Lazvson, Mr. Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Ferrar's Pitt, Mr. Alusgrave, Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. Stevens, Mr. whom the Petition of Mr. John was referred, be

Lamplugh, Mr. Vernon, Sir JVm. Bowes, Sir Robert read Tomorrow Morning. I0WI1‘

Eden, Mr. Drake, Sir Tho. Wroth, Mr. Clark, Colonel

Stringer, Mr. Jenings, Sir John Kay, Lord Chenie, Mr. Ordered, That the Report from the Trustees for Sale Roche's Blofeifd, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Foley, Sir Tho. Little- of the forfeited Estates of Ireland, relating to Captain j-l!Um,on ton, Sir Fra. Lee, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Woollaston, Mr. Roche, be read Tomorrow Morning. futures

Price; and all, that serve for the Counties of Essex and

Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. Morning, Nine a Clock.

Poor in Sir Roben't Clayton (according to Order) presented to

London. the House a Bill, for erecting Corporations, for the relieving and employing the Poor in the Parishes mentioned, within the weekly Bills of Mortality; and the same was received, and read the First time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Worcester Ordered, That Mr. Dormer, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Sir Work-house. Yra. Blake, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Dry den, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill, for the erecting a Work-house in the City of Worcester, and for setting the Poor on Work there, is committed.

Dr. Wynn to Ordered, That Dr. Wynn be desired to preach before preach on this House at St.Margaret's, Westminster, upon the 31st Jan. One-and-thirtieth Day of January Instant; and that Mr. Mansell and the Lord Chenie do acquaint him therewith.

Supply Bill; Mr. Conyers (according to Order) presented to the Wine Duties. House a Bill, for laying a further Duty upon Wines to be retailed; and for ascertaining the Wine Measures; and for preventing the Mischiefs of corrupt, damaged, and vitiated, Wines; and the same was received, and read the First time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be read a Second time; ,

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Information Ordered, That Leave be given to Colonel Byerley to gainst Earl make a Motion, it being after One a Clock: of Halifax. And Colonel Byerley moved accordingly, That the Information, filed by Mr. Attorney-general against the Lord Halifax, may be laid before the House Tomorrow

Morning.

Ordered, That a Copy of the Information, filed by Air. Attorney-general against Charles Lord Halifax, be laid before this House Tomorrow Morning by the Officer of the Court of Exchequer, who hath the Record of the Information in his Custody.

fMr. Bruce, 7 . ofi

£Mr. Aislaby: J

fMr. Compton, 7

) Sir Cha< Barrinston: i 1

Martis, 11° die Januarii;

Anno 2# Annas Regina.

Praters.

COLONEL Grahme (according to Order) presented phiilipson's to the House a Bill, to vest Part of the Estate of Estate.

Sir Christopher Phillipson, Knight, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts, and for charging Part thereof with Maintenance for a Daughter, who is a Lunatick; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill, for the confirming, and better Execution, of Lord Articles, and the Agreements therein contained, for Jermyn' the Disposition and Division of the Estate of the late t-6UW-Lord Jemiyn among his Coheirs, was, read a Second

time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Coningsby, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. Rorvney, Mr. Bertie,

Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Holmes, Mr. Gape, Lord Dysert,

Sir Hen.Pickering, Sir Jos. Jekyll, Mr. Goreing, Mr.

Pigott, Sir Chr. Afusgrave, Sir Tho. Hanmore, Sir Onslow, Mr. Pooley, Mr. Harley, Sir JVyche, Mr.

Smith, Colonel Drake, Mr. Cesar. Mr. Thompson, Sir Fra.

Massam, Mr. Dashwood, Sir Edward Acton, Mr Pinned,

Mr. Freeman, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Gwyn, Air. , Mr.

Heme, Colonel Byerley, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Bertie, Air.

Jlysham; and all for A or folk, and Suffolk And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House being informed, that Mr. Eyres, one of information the Attorneys of the Court of Exchequer, attended, he was against Earl called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, a Copy of Halifax, of the Information, filed by Mr. Attorney-general against Charles Lord Halifax in the Court of Exchequer.

And then he withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Copy do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of William and Richard Evelyn, Infants, Evelyn's by Frances Evelyn, Widow, their Mother and Guardian, Estate. Arthiu' Apsley, Esquire, Mary his Wife, Thomasin Evelyn, Spinster, and George Evelyn, Esquire, was presented to tire House, and read; setting forth, that in 1698 the Petitioners Father settled Part of the Manor of Godstone, in Surrey, in Tail Alale, Remainder to his right Heirs, reserving a Power to charge the same with C.oooo/. as he

should

[a] A Blank is here left in the Journal, for the Entry of this Petition, and of the Proceedings of the House thereupon; but it appears by the printed Votes of this Day, that the Prayer of this Petition was, that Leave might be given to bring in a Bill, for settling the Petitioners Estate upon his second Sou, in such Manner as it was settled upon his eldest Son (who was found an Idiot) and settling a Maintenance upon the Idiot; and that the Petition was, by Lenve of the House, withdrawn.

Vol. 14.

Tipping's

Estate.

York City Court of Conscience.

Duties on Logwood.

Supply Bill; Malt Duties.

276 11 Januarli. A. 1703.

should direct; which Power he afterwards executed, in his Life time, as to 1,500l. by mortgaging Part of the Premises for the Security of the same, and by his last Will charged the Residue of the Premises with 4,500l. payable to the Petitioners Thomasiu, Alary, Richard, and William; but the Power of raising the said,500l. being peculiarly reserved to their said Father (who is dead) it is thereby become extinct; so that the Petitioners (without the Aid of an Act of Parliament) are without Remedy, to recover their Portions: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Rill, for raising the said Sum of 4,500l. for the Petitioners Portions, according to the said Power reserved to their said Father.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the stud Petition; and that Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Solicitor-general, and Sir. Jos. Trcdcnham, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill, to enable Sir Thomas Tipping, Baronet, to sell the Manor of Iclcford, in the County of Bucks, for the Payment of a Debt charged upon the same and other his Estate, and for laying out the Overplus Money, to be raised, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses, as the said Manor of is settled,

was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill, for a Court of Conscience for the City of York, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir JVm. Robinson, Lord Marquis of Hartington, Mr. Jenkins, Mr. Conyers, Mr. York, Lord Sir Edward

Hussey, Mr. Blofeild, Colonel JVhaAir. Clayton, Sir

JVm. St. Quintin, Mr. Harley, Mr. Bere, Mr. Hampden,

Sir John Kay, Mr. Benson, Mr. Sir

Mr. Bridgman; and all, that serve for the County of York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Alerchants, Clothiers, and Dyers, in Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of was

presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Vent abroad of our Manufactures of Dozens, Kerseys, and Bays, have been much hindered by the Dearness of Dying Wares, by reason of the great Duties upon them, especially on Logwood, which pays 5/. per Toil Custom, though sold but at 15/. per Ton; and in Holland, Hamburgh, and other Places, they have it 4/. per Ton cheaper than the Petitioners; by which Disproportion they will, in time, eat us out of the Trade of our dyed Manufactures: And praying, that the Duties upon Dying Wares, especially Logwood, may be so moderated, that the Petitioners may be able to carry on their Trades on equal Terms with their neighbouring Nations.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, take the said Petition into Consideration.

An ingrossed Bill, for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Alum, Cyder, and Perry, for one Year, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clahse was offered, as a Rider, that no Person shall be compellable to travel from his Habitation, contrary to the Laws of Excise, for any Cause relating thereto; and that every Gauger shall leave a true Copy of his Return, pursuant to the Laws of Excise, upon a certain Penalty.

And the same was once read.

And the Question being put. That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty, by continuing the Duties upon Alalt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for one Year.

Ordered, That Air. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

The House (according to the Order of the Day) resumed the adjourned Debate, concerning the Prosecution against Charles Lord Halifax, and his not having appeared to the Information exhibited against him.

And Air. Chancellor of the Exchequer informed the House, that he had received a Letter from the Lord Halifax; who acquainted him therein, that he had not, nor would insist upon any Privilege, in relation to the Prosecution upon the Information filed against him by Mr. Attorney-general.

Then the said Information was read, and is, as followed: viz.

Eyre. Termino Sanctae Trinitatis, anno secundo regni.

Regina; Annas.

Middlesex. — MEMORANDUM, quod Edwardus Northey, miles Attomatus Dominas Reginas nunc gene-ralis, qui pro eadem Domina Regina sequitur, pnesens hie in Curia vicesimo octavo die Afaii (hoc Termino) in propria persona sua pro eadem Domina Regina dat Curiae hie intelligi et informari, quod per quendam actum, factum ad sessionem Parliamenti, tentam apud West-monasterium, in comitatu Middlesex, per prorogationem, vicesimo die Octobris, anno Domini millesimo sexcen-tesimo nonagesimo sexto (intitulatum, An Act for the better Observation of the Course, anciently used in the Receipt of Exchequer) inter alia inactitatum suit, quod Auditor receptfts Scaccarii, pro tempore existens, de tempore in tempus (pro suis justis et legalibus feodis) debits intraret, vel irrotularet, omnes literas patentes, et literas privati sigilli, pro emanand' thesaur' Regis; et quod traheret ordines, aut faceret debentures, pro emanatione inde, prout ipse de tempore in tempus foret requisitus per Commissionarios Thesaurarii (Anglic , Commissioners of the Treasury) vel per Thesaurarium Scaccarii, pro tempore existen' et custodiret intrationes eorundem in libris fore provisis, et bene scriptis (Anglic , fairly written) pro eo proposito; et septimanatim capcret computa Nu-meratprum (Anglich, Tellers) receptfis Scaccarii, et certificationes faceret dictis commissionariis Thesaurarii, vel Thesaurario, pro tempore existen' de omnibus reccptibuS, exitibus, et reliquiis (Anglic , Remains) pecuniae Regis ibidem; et faceret (Anglic , make out) impresses certiti-cationes (Anglic , imprest Certificates) de tempore in tempus, omnium pecuniarum (Anglic , of all Monies) ibidem emanatarum super coinputum, vel per viam impress' (Anglice, Imprest; et transmitters ordinaries rotulos impresses (Anglic , the ordinary imprest Rolls) semiannuatim ad Rememoratorcm Regis (Angficfc, the King's Remembrancer) in ordine ad onerand' vel prose-quend' Computatores; et semiannuatim, viz. ad festuiri Paschae (Anglic , Easter) et festum Sancti Michaelis Archangeli (Anglic , Alichaelmas) faceret (Anglicfc, make out) et transmitteret pnedictis CommissionariisThesaurarii, aut Thesaurario, pro tempore existen' declarationes recep-tuum, exituum, et reliquiarum (Anglicfc, remains) apud Scaccarium, pro quolibet dimidio anni successive; omnes quae matcriae et res, et omnes aliae materiae et res, spec-. tantes ad officium vel debitum dicti Auditoris reccptfis, fideliter et diligenter (Anglice, carefully) factas et per-formatae forent per Auditorem receptfts pro tempore existentem, in tali modo, prout ab antiquo consuetum suit; quodque Auditor receptfts per se, vel perejus capi-talem Clericum, ab et post vicesimum diem Aprilis, anno Domini millesimo sexcentesimo nonagesimo septimo, ad minus semel in quibuslibet viginli et octo diebus con-vocaret proprios officiarios (Anglic , the proper Officers)

J 3 djqti

Prosecution against Earl of Halifax.

.2 Ann. n® — -12° Januarii.277

dicti receptfis, et inspiceret pecuiiiam (Anglicfc, Cash) cujuslibet Numeratoris, et numerando bagas, operien' (Anglic , opening) eas, aut earuui aliquas promisafe, et (si ipse putaret necessarium) ponderando, aut numerando, pecuniam, aut aliquain partem, inde videret, quod respectivi Numeratores in reali pecunia habent reliquias (An glicfi, the Remains) cum quibus ipse onerat eos; et quod ipse tarn frequenter, quam ipse putaret conveniens, sed ad minus semel in quibuslibet tribus mensibus, dili-genter examinaret exonerationes (Anglicfe, Vouchers) Numeratorum pro solutionibus, quas ipse eis allocat in ejus septimanariis certificationibus; prout per actum pre-dictum, inter alia, plenius liquet et apparet. Et idem Attornatus diet® Domin© Regin© nunc generalis pro ea-dem Domina Regina dat Curia; hie ulterius intelligi et in-

V b O t O '

Torman, quod post editionem dicti actus, scilicet, vicesi-mo quarto die Februarii, anno Domini tnillesimo sexcen-tesiino nonagesimo nono, Carolus Montague, armiger, modfi prehonorabilis Carolus Domiuus Halifax, suet, et adhuc existit, Auditor receptfis Scaccarii, scilicit, apud "Westmonasterium praedictum, in comitatu Midd' pras-dicto; quodque inter vicesimum tertium diem Februarii, anno Domini millesimo sexcentesimo nonagesimo nono, exclusive, et vicesimum tertium diem Februarii, anno Domini millesimo septingentesirno, inclusive, et inter pr©-dictum vicesimum tertium diem Februarii, anno Domini millesimo septingentesirno, exclusive, et vicesimum tertium diem Februarii, anno Domini millesimo septingen-tesimo primo, inclusive, divers© magnte denanorum sum-m© dicti nuper Regis emanat© fuerunt ad receptmn Scaccarii prasdicti, apud Westmonasterium pr©dictum, super computum, et per viam impress' (Anglic , Imprest) diver-sis personis praetato Attornato diet© Domin© Regime nunc generali adhuc incognitis; et quod inter praedictum vicesimum tertium diem Februarii, anno Domini mille-8imo septingentesirno primo, exclusive, et vicesimum tertium diem Februarii, anno Domini millesimo septingen-tesimo secundo, inclusive, divers© magn© pecuniarum summ© dicti nuper Regis, et Domin© Ann©, nunc Regin© Angliffi, &c. emanat© fuerunt ad receptmn dicti Scaccarii, apud Westmonasterium pr©dictum, super computum, et per viam impress' diversis personis praetato Attornato diet© Domin©- Regin© nunc generali adhuc incognitis; quodque pr©dictus Carolus Dominus Halifax, Auditor receptus Scaccarii, in predictis tribus annis, su-perius ultimo mentionatis, septimanatim cepit computa Numeratorum dicti receptfis de Scaccario pr©dicto, et fecit certificationes Commissionariis Thesaurarii dicti nuper Domini Regis, tempore vit© sure, necnon Commissiona-riis Thesaurarii, et Thesaurario Scaccarii, diet© Domin© Regin© nunc, pro tempore existen' respective, de omnibus receptibus, exitibus, et reliquiis, pecuni© dicti nuper Regis, et pecuni© diet© Domin© Begin© nunc, in re-ceptu Scaccarii praedicti, secundum directionem act6s pr©dicti, et in pr©dictis respectiyk certificationibus allo-cavit Numeratoribus pr©dictis diversas solutiones; quodque pr©dictus Carolus Dominus Halifax, debitum officii Auditoris receptus Scaccarii, et directiones et mandata dicti actus, negligens, et fiduciam in eo repositam mini-me curans, impressas certificationes de tempore intern-pus, secundum formam statuti in hujusmodi casu editi et provisi, de omnibus pecuni© summis in pr©dictis tribus annis emanatis ad receptum Scaccarii predict! super computum, et per viam impress' non fecit (Anglicfi, make out) nec ordinarios impressos rotulos pro prffidictis tribus annis Rememoratori dicti nuper Regis, et diet© Dominie Regin© nunc, in dicto actu mentionato, semiannua-tim, secundum formam statuti in hujusmodi casu editi et provisi, non, transmisit, sed ilia facere totaliter neglexit, et voluntary omisit; per quod oneratio et prosecutio di-versorum Computatorum, quibus divers© denariorum summ© super computum, vcl per viam impress' ad receptum Scaccarii praedicti, ut profertur, emanat© sue-rant, obstruct© et retardat© fuerunt; quodque pr©dictus Carolus Dominus Halifax semel in quibuslibet tribus mensibus in proedictis tribus annis non examinabat exonera-

[ ] This Word is by Mistake here written, both in the Journal, and the Copy of this Information presented to the House, probably instead

of aperkn.

V o L. 14.

tiones (Anglicfc, the Vouchers) dictorum Nutnerfttorum pro solutionibus, quas ipse idem, Carolus Dominus Halifax allocavit eis in predictis, ipsius septimanariis certificationibus, sed ita facere voluntarih omisit, et neglexit, contra debitum officii sui pr©dicti Auditoris receptfis Scaccarii, [et in violatione fiduci© in eodem Carolo Domino Halifax, ut Auditore receptfis Scaccarii f] pradicti, re-posit©, in magnum prejudicium et damnum dicti nuper Regis, et diet© Domin© Regin© nunc, in reveutionibus suis, contra formam statuti in hujusmodi casu editi et provisi, ac contra pacem dicti nuper Domini Regis, et diet© Domin© Regin© nunc, coronam et dignitatem suas: Unde pnedictus Attornatus diet© Domin© Regin© generalis pro eadem Domina Regina petit advisamentutn Curiffi in premissis ac debitum legis processutn versus prefatum Carolum Dominum Halifax in hac parte fieri, ad respondendum diet© Domin© Regin© de et in prre-missis.

' Edw.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Fill, for the further Explanation and Regulation of Privilege, in relation to Persons in publick Offices; and that Sir Humphry Maeuorth, Sir Thomas Mr. Solicitor-

general, Mr. Lowndes, and Mi . Freeman, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill, for the publick registering of all Conveyances, Mortgages, or other Securities, that shall hereafter be made of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, withirt the West Riding of the County of was committed, be made Tomorrow Morning, at Eleven a Clock.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Mr. John Ferrar was referred, be read upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Trustees for Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, relating to Captain Roche, be read upon Thursday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercur 'd, 12° die

Anno 2® Ann©

Praters.

ORDERED, That Mr. Gzcyn have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered\That Sir William Daines have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Varney, Sir Glyn, Mr. Eyres, Mr. Pigot, Mr. Harpur, Sir Wm. Hustler, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Dyot, Mr. Curson, Sir Daines, Mr. Moncton, Mr. Johnson, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill, for vesting several Estates of Sir Cha.

Knight, in Trustees, for discharging the Incumbrances thereon, and for making some Provision for his Wife and Daughter, is committed.

A Bill, for Sale of some Part of the Estate of Robert Holden, Gentleman, settled upon him, and John Holden, his Father, for the Payment of their Debts, and disposing of his younger Children Apprentices, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. , Sir Cha.Barrington, Mr. Curson, Mr. Eyres, Mr.

Sir Geroas Elwes, Mr. Pigott, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Moncton, Mr. Johnson, Sir Era. Massam, Mr.

Sir Wm.Glynn, Sir Wm. Daines, Sir Lee, Mr. Bridg-

man, Sir Tho. Pelham, Mr. Colchester, Mr.

Mr. Thompson, Mr . Harpur, M and all that serve for the Counties of Derby, Stafford, Nottingham, and Leicester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber, t These Words are supplied from the aforesaid Copy.

4 A A Petition

Privilege of

Publick

Officers.

York West

Riding

Registry.

Ferrar'sDebt to the Crown.

Roche's

Claim on Irish Forfeitures.

Leave of Absence.

BiekerstafC

Estate.

Holden's

Estate.

Duties on Wines.

Ivory's

Estate.

Vork West

Hiding

Registry.

Allowances on damaged Wines.

Supply Bill; Wine Duties.

Ways and gleans.

278 12 — if

A Petition of the Clothiers and Bay-makers in the Towns of Braintree and Booking, and Parts adjacent, in the County of Essex, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners Trade depends upon our English Merchants trading to whose

chief Return are Portugal Wines; and if this House should think fit to lay a Duty on those Wines, the staple Trade of this Nation must fail, and it may occasion the Portuguese to lay a Duty upon our Manufactures: And praying, that the Premises may be considered, before any Imposition be laid upon the Portuguese Wines.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill, for laying a further Duty upon Wines to be retailed, and for ascertaining the Wine Measures, and for preventing the Mischiefs of corrupt, damaged, and vitiated Wines, be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers, and Mr

Hiceocks i

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for supplying the Defect of the Execution of a Power in Sir John Ivory, Knight, deceased, for making Provision for his younger Children; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Lord Marquis of Hartington (according to Order) reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill, for the publick registering of all Conveyances, Mortgages, or other Securities, that shall hereafter be made of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the West Riding of the County of York, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read once throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the same shall be taken to be a publick Act.

And the same was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for the Register not to be a Member of Parliament.

And the same was once read, and by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered\That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Lowndes acquainted the House, that he had several Accounts, relating to damaged Wines, imported in the Year 1701, to present to the House, if the House pleased to receive them:

And lie presented the same.

And the Titles thereof were read, and are, as follow; viz.

An Account of the Damage on Wine, allowed in the Port of London, as also the Outs and over Entries, from Christmas, 1700, to Christmas, 1701; and also,

An Account of the Allowances, made on damaged #Wines in the Year 1701, in the several Ports therein mentioned.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Accounts arc bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Bill, for laving a further Duty upon Wines to be retailed, and for ascertaining the Wine Measures, and for preventing the Mischiefs of corrupt, damaged, and vitiated Wines, be read a Second time upon Friday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

yanuarii: 1703.

to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That an Account of the damaged Wines, Allowance, allowed at the Custom-house, in the Year 1702, in the undamaged Port of London, and Out-ports, and of the Names of the " ine ‘ Importers, be laid before the House.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do give Directions to the proper Officer, to lay the said Accounts before this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, IS0 die Anno 2 Ann® Regina. '

Prayers.

THE House being informed, that some Officers of F.a»t India the Custom-house attended, they were called in; Trade. And Doctor Davenant presented to the House, An Account of the Value of alf East India Goods exported from England toother Countries, in distinct Years, from Christmas, 1698, to Christmas, 1702:

And Mr. Charles Crisp, Collector outward, presented to the House, An Account of what Silver and Gold hath been exported for the East India's by the East India Companies and private Traders, for Five Years, ending at Christmas, 1703,

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The Accounts are bound up with the other Papery of this Session.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Trade to the East India's.

A Petition of the Bay-makers, &c. concerned in the Duties on Woollen Manufacture at Great Coggeshall, in the County Wines, of Essex, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners Trade chiefly depends on a Sort of Bays exported to Portugal, the Returns whereof are mostly Port Wines; and a Bill being depending in the House, for laying a further Duty upon Wines to be retailed, the Petitioners are apprehensive, the same will lessen the Consumption of those Wines, and consequently the vending of the Petitioners Goods, to the Ruin of many hundred Families: And praying the House to consider the fatal Consequences, that may attend the passing of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Sir William Bowes (according to Order) presented to Herbert the House a Bill, to rectify a literal Mistake in a common stalCj Recovery, suffered by Sir Humphry Herbert, Baronet, and in the Deeds and Writs of Entry relating the reunto; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Solicitor-General (according to Order) presented Licentious, to the House a Bill, to prevent the Licentiousness of the ot tfa Press; and the same was received, and read the First time. re‘ ‘ Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Tuesday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill, to enable Robert Cccwdron, Esquire, CawdiW. to settle Part of an improved Estate, for raising Portions Estate, for his younger Children, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be.

An Act to enable Robert Cawdron, Esquire, to settle Part of his Estate, (which he has improved) for raising Portions for his younger Children.

Ordered, That Sir John Thorold do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

12 An

Cliolmond-lej's Nat.

Importing

thrown

bilk.

Tipping's

Estate.

Bramber

Election.

Dover

Harbour.

2 Ann.

i 3° Jatiu

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Elizabeth Cholmo, the wife of George

Cholmondiey, Esquire, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass, with the Amendment.

Ordered, That the Lord Hyde do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, with an Amendment; to which they desire their Lordship# Concurrence. 4

A Petition of Ralph Lee, in behalf of himself and several other Merchants, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth; that by an Act, made in the First Year of her Majesty's Reign, for importing into England thrown Silk, of the Growth of Sicily,from Leghorn, Liberty is given for the Term of two Years, to import the same, being the Produce of their Effects, from the said Port by Sea, and not otherwise: That Sir Cloudcsly Shovell, with the Fleet that was at Leghorn in October last, tarried there

not above nine or ten Days; in which Time the Merchant

«/ 7

Ships could not get ready to sail with him, though their Effects lay ready to be shipt off, and the said Time of two Years is now expired: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for prolonging the Time for the bringing over their said Effects.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Moor, and Mr. Dormer do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

An ingrossed Bill, to enable Sir 77/o. Tipping, Baronet, to sell the Manor of Ickford,in the County of Bucks, for the Payment of a Debt, charged upon the same, and other his Estate, and for laying out the overplus Money, to be raised, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses, as the said Manor of Ickford is settled, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, Press # L. to insert Majesty."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act to enable Sir Tho. Tipping, Baronet, to sell the Manor of Ickford, in the County of Bucks, for Payment of a Debt charged thereupon, and laying out the surplus Money in Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of Bramber, in the County of Sussex, be made upon Tuesday Morning next.

A Petition of the Right Honourable Charles Earl of Winchelsea, Lieutenant of Dover Castle, with the other Assistants incorporated for the Preservation of the Harbour of Dover, w as presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that by an Act, passed in the l ith and 12th Year of the late King William, for the Repair of Dover Harbour, a Duty of 3 </. per Ton was laid upon all Vessels, from 20 to 300 Tons, passing the reby, for nine Years, to raise 30,100l. with a Clause of Loan for 6,000l. That four Years of the Term are almost expired, and tire Profits have amounted to 5,627/. which, with what could be borrowed, amounts to 10,899/. 2 2 and has been

so successfully laid out, that Ships of or 500 Tons have lately saved themselves in the said Harbour, though before it w as so choaked up, that a Vessel, drawing but four Foot Water, could not get in or out: That the Money, already expended, being as much as can reasonably be expected to be raised by the Produce, before the Expiration of this Act, and greater Sums being required, to preserve w hat is already done, and perfect the said Work, the Petitioners pray, that the said Term may be enlarged, or such other Provision made for finishing the said Work, as shall be thought meet.

Vo i. 14.

Crown.

279

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir Tho. Hales, Mr. Brewer, and Colonel Lee, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Lcgard, and Wheeler's Mr. Hiccocks: Estate.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, an Act to enable Sir George Wheeler, Knight, and Doctor in Di- vinity, to make Leases of some Houses and Ground in Channon Row, in Westminster \ to which they desire the

Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Report from the Committee, to whom the Peti- Fcrrar's tion of Mr. John Terror was referred, was (according to Debt 10 lh Order) read, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which are, as follow; viz.

That it appeared to the Committee, that Mr. John Ter rat's Debt, due to her Majesty, as Surety for Mr.

John Mason,late Receiver-general for the County of

Cambridge, amounts to the Sum of 1,966/. "js. id.

That it appeared to the Committee, that an Inquisition was taken the 15th Day of November, in the First Year of her present Majesty's Reign, of the said Mr. Ferrari whole Estate within the County of Huntingdon: That the same was, and is, liable to several Rent-charges, and other Payments, particularly set forth in the said Inquisition, before the said Mr. Terror was engaged for the said Receiver; which reduces the said Estate not to exceed 120/. per Annum clear; and that the said Mr. Terror is but Tenant for Life to the same.

That it appeared to the Committee, by another Inquisition, taken the 9th Day of April, in the Second Year of her said Majesty's Reign, that Mr. Ferrari whole Estate within the County of Lincoln does not exceed the yearly Value of 70/. which Estate was given to the said Mr.

Terror by Will, bearing date the 12th Day of March,

1680; by which said Will several Legacies are charged upon the said Estate, to the Value of 750/. and upwards; which still remains unpaid.

That it appeared to the Committee, that the said last mentioned Estate (before Mr. Terror became bound for the said Receiver) w as, by Indenture, bearing Date the 2d Day of May, 1690, mortgaged to one Air. Robert Pullen, for 200l. which Alortgage afterwards, by Indenture of Assignment; bearing Date the 2d April, \ 696, was assigned to one Doctor Miles Barnes, and the Estate made a Security for the further Sum of 250/. which said several Sums of 200l. and 250/. are yet unpaid, and a considerable Interest due thereon.

That it appeared, the said Mr. Terror is of the Age of 73 Years. 1

That it also appeared to the said Committee, that the said Receiver-general's Estate has been sold; and the Monies paid into her Majesty's Exchequer; and that he is now in Prison for the Arrear.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Resolutions; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that Mr. John Terror has fully proved the Allegations of his Petition to them referred.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that to compound with Mr. Terror, for his said Debt, w ill be a more certain Advantage to her Majesty, than to continue the Extent on his said Estate.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that the House be moved, to give Leave to bring in a'

Clause, to enable the Lord High Treasurer of England, for the Time being, to compound with the said Air. Terror for his said Debt of 1,966/.

The First Resolution being read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Consideration of the said Resolution be postponed.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That to compound with Air.

Terror,

Roch's Claim on Irish Forfeitures.

East India Trade.

280 130 yamiarii. . 1703.

Ferrar, for his said Debt, will be a more certain Advantage to her Majesty, than to continue the Extent on his said Estate.

The Third Resolution being read a Second time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, Dy leaving out the Word " Clause," and inserting " Bill," instead thereof.

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, so amended, That the House be moved, to give Leave, to bring in a Bill, to enable the Lord High Treasurer of England, for the Time being, to compound with the said Mr. Ferrar for his said Debt of 1,966/. 7 s.id.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to enable the Lord High Treasurer of England to compound with Mr. Ferrar for his Debt of 1,966/. Js. 1 d. and that Mr. Dryden, Sir Tho. Mars, and Mr. Lowndes, do pre-

pare, and bring in, the Bill.

The Report from the Trustees for Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, upon the Petition of Captain James Roch, was (according to Order) read, and is, as followeth; viz.

To the honourable, the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled:

IN Obedience to your Honour's Order of Reference, on the Petition of Captain James Roch, we have examined the Contents thereof, and do believe (by Information received in Ireland and the Considerations mentioned in his Grants) the Allegations of the Petitioner, as to his Services at Londonderry are true. We find, that his late Majesty King IVUliamdid, in the Year 1692, grant unto the Petitioner all the forfeited Ferries in Ireland; several of which he sold for 480 /. and all the rest he surrendered

The Estate of James Everard

The two Ferries

The Estate of And. Murrough

Ferries sold

To be deducted:

A Jointure of 33/. per Annum, at Six Years Purchase

Incumbrances allowed by the Trustees

Expences in Law-suits, and in procuring his Grants, &c.

Which Sum of 180/. 12 s.$d. we humbly conceive to be all the Benefit the Petitioner either hath, or can receive from all his said Grants.

All which is humbly submitted to your Honours.

Cyrill JVich, Fra. Annesley,

J. Baggs, Hen. Langf ord,

James Hooper, John Cary,

JVm. Fellows.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for making good the Defect of the Provision intended for Captain Roche; and that Mr, How and Mr. Dormer do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Trade to the East India's;

A Petition of several Inhabitants of the City of London, and Borough of Southwark,was presented to the House,

and read; setting forth, that by reason of the great Consumption of painted, stained, and printed Callicoes, and

(except the Ferries Of Dormegal and Rockow'sey, of the Value of 5/. per Annum) as being of no Value.

That on the 13th of February, 1604, his said Majesty did, in Consideration of his said Surrender, and of his said Services, grant unto the Petitioner, in Fee, the Estate of James Everard, of the Value of 104/. per Annum.

That the Petitioner did expend in Law-suits, ami other Charges, in supporting his Majesty's Title to the said Estates, and in Journies to and from England, and other Expences, in order to procure his Grants, the Sum of 1,990/. as appears by his own Affidavit, and the Report of the Commissioners of the Revenue of Inland, and by what is recited in his Warrant for another Grant.

That his late Majesty, in Consideration of his great Expences, and to Supply the Deficiency of his former Grants, did sign a Warrant, dated the 22d of November, 1699, for a Grant of Part of the Estate of Mur-

rough, in the County of Cork, of the yearly Value of 85/. whereof 33/. per Annum is held in Jointure, and 829/. 7 s.7</. Incumbrances are allowed thereon; and also for the Estate of Walter of the Value of

210/. per Annum; which was afterwards adjudged away by the Trustees, as appears by the Decrees on the Claims of Walter Nangle, and,

N 1035, 1036.

That the Petitioner was never in Possession of any Part of Andrew Murrough or H alter s Estate: That he

has mortgaged the Estate of James for 1,275/.

Principal Money, as by the Counterparts of two several Mortgages, produced to us, did appear; and the Petitioner does allege, there is three Years Interest due for 875/. of the Money, and one Year and Half due for the other 400l. which we humbly conceive to be the full Value of the said James Everard's Estate.

So that it appears to us, that the several Estates, now remaining in the Petitioner, are of the Values following; viz.

Per Annum.

104

5

85

c s. <L

194 at 14 Years Purchase - - 2,716 0 a

» m m 480 0 0

3,196 0 0

S. d.

198 O 0

827 7 7

- - - 1,990 0 0

-3,015 7 7

180 12 5

Linen, in England, and all Sorts of East India Manufactures in Ireland, and all her Majesty's Dominions in America, the Petitioners, and great Numbers of her Majesty's Subjects, dealing in line Woollen and Worsted Stuffs, are very much obstructed in their Trades, and the . Exports of those Goods is almost wholly lost: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant such Relief therein, as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee.

A Petition of the Worsted-weavers, Wool-combers, and others, of the City of Norwich and County of Norfolk, concerned in the Woollen Manufacture of this Kingdom, in behalf of themselves, and Thousands of others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, though an Act was lately made, for prohibiting the bringing over into England of East India wrought Silks, printed and stained Callicoes, yet it hath not had the desired Effect, but hath rather occasioned the figuring, printing, and staining, Callicoes here in England, to the Discouragement

of

2 Ann. i 3° — 14° Januarii. 281

of our Woollen Manufactory; anil, if a Restraint be not laid upon the printing and staining of all Callicoes, and Linen, many thousand Families will be ruined: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday next, at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Trade to the East India's.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 14 die Januarii;

Amo 2° Annas Regina.

Prayers.

Evelyn's OIR Richard Onslow (according to Order) presented Estate. M to the House a Bill, to enable George Evelyn, Esquire, to raise Portions for his Brothers and Sisters, according to his Father's Settlement and Will; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That die Bill be read a Second time.

York City A Petition of James IVlller and Whitehead, of the

Court of City of York, Gentlemen, on the behalf of themselves, and

onscience, others concerned in the Sheriffs Court of the City of York, was presented to die House, and read; setting forth, that there has been, and yet are, Four sworn Attorneys of the said Court, who pay great Sums of Money for their said Places to the Lord Mayor and Aldermen of York, and are likewise obliged to be made Freemen, whereby they are subjected to several chargeable Offices in the said City: That die Petitioners are admitted sworn Attorneys of the said Court, and have been elected into chargeable Offices, which they fined off; and there being no more Money to be gotten of the Petitioners, the said Mayor and Aldermen are endeavouring to obtain an Act of Parliament, for erecting a Court of Conscience for the City of which

will be a Prejudice to the Petitioners Places, bought for a valuable Consideration: And praying, that they may be heard by their Counsel, before the passing of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Conway's A Petition of Sir John Conway, Baronet, Henry Conway,

Estate. his Son, and Maria Margaretta Comcay, his Daughter (both Infants) by Dame Mary Conway, deceased, one of the Daughters of John Esquire, deceased, and also

the Petition of Richard Esquire, and

ChariottaMostyn, his Daughters (both also Infants) by CharlottaMostyn, deceased, the other Daughter of the said John Digby, deceased, and also of Edward Mills, and David Evans, Gentlemen, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said John Digby was seised in Fee of several Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Countiesof Bucks, Leicester, and Rutland, and by his last Will devised all his Estate in Buckinghamshire, and elsewhere in England, to his said Two Daughters, and their Heirs, equally; but the Estates in the Counties of Leicester and Rutland were subject to several Mortgages, upon which the Mortgagees have entered, and have suffered to fall so much in their Value, that, in case they be not speedily sold, the Mortgage-money, and Interest, will swallow up the whole Estates; which the Petitioners Sir John Conway and Rickard Mostyn have lately, on behalf of themselves and their said Children, agreed should be sold, and many Purchasers are treating about the same, but will not adventure ... purchase, without an Act of Parliament, by reason of the said Children's Infancy: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for vesting the said Estates, in the Counties of Leicester and Rutland, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of the Mortgage-money due thereupon, and applying the Residue

VOL. 14,

for the Benefit of the Petitioners, and for corroborating the said Agreement.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Langhorn, and Mr. Lloyd, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Bridgman reported from the Committee, to whom £arj of War. the Bill, to enable the Guardian of the Right Honourable wick and Edward Henry Earl of Warwick and Holland, during his Holland's Minority, to make Leases of several Messuages in or near Smithfeld, London, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Inhabitants and Traders in and near Wearing the Town of Saffron-Walden, in the County of Essex, printed

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that Callicoes. the Petitioners are Traders in making up Yarn for Stuffs, and other Sorts of the Woollen Manufacture; but, by the great Quantities of painted and stained Callicoes worn, the Petitioners are unable to carry on their Trades, and maintain their Families; so that the Numbers of their Poor are much, and will be more, increased, if some effectual Method be not found out, to prevent the wearing of printed and stained Callicoes: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration with the Petition of the Merchants, Clothiers, and Dyers, in Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York.

A Petition of the Clothiers, Dyers, and others, con- Duties on cerned in the Woollen Manufactures in and about the Logwood. Towns of Froome, Bruton, and Ship ton-Mallet, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the manufacturing of dyed Cloths is very much lessened, and in some Sorts wholly lost in foreign Markets, by reason of the Dying W ares (especially Logwood) being dearer in England, than to their Rivals in Trade abroad; of which Grievance the Petitioners have frequently endeavoured a Redress, but were then told, the Duty thereon was farmed, and could not be altered, till the Term was expired; which is near at hand: And praying, that such Relief may be had, as may best promote the Manufactures of this Kingdom for the future.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration with the Petition of the Merchants, Clothiers, and Dyers, in Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York.

A Petition of the Dyers, Clothiers, and others, con- Ditto, cerned in the making and manufacturing of Woollen Cloth, and other Woollen Goods, in and about the Towns of Bradford, Trowbridge, West bury, and Warminster, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Dying Trade is very much lessened, by the great Duty on Dying Wares, especially on Logwood, which is 30/. per Cent, dearer, than in foreign Parts, to the Exporters of our Cloths, wherein . that Commodity is used: And praying the Relief of the House against this great Grievance.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration with the Petition of the Merchants, Clothiers, and Dyes, in Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York.

A Petition of the Clothiers, Dyers, and others, con- Ditt0> cerned in the Woollen Manufactures in and about Halifax, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

4 B that

Lord Grey's, &c. Estate.

Cholmond-ley's Nat.

Leave of Absence.

Cowper's

Estate.

Dover Harbour.

Increase of Seamen.

East India Trade.

282 140 Jamiariu A. 1703,

that the Petitioners Dealings for foreign Market consist chiefly in Kerseys, which, for the most Part, are sent white, by reason that Foreigners have Dying Commodities cheaper than the Petitioners (particularly Logwood) by 25 or 30/. per Cent And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, so as they may go to foreign Markets on equal Terms with their Competitors in Trade.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration with the Petition of the Merchants, Clothiers, and Dyers, in Leeds, in the West Riding of the County o (York.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard and Mr. Hiccocks:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming the Execution of a certain Agreement, made between Ralph Lord Grey, Baron of and

Lord Ossulstone, and the Lady Mary his Wife, touching certain Manors, Lands, and Tenements, in the County of Northumberland, Middlesex, and City of London, and also between Lawrence Earl of Rochester, and the said Lord Grey, concerning other Manors, Lands, and Tenements, in the said County of Northumberland, County Palatine of Durham, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Eliz. Cholmondley, the Wife of George

mondley, Esquire.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Bertie have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Petition of Sir John Cowp Knight, and Anthony Henley, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners are estated, as Tenants in common, and otherwise, by Settlements on their Marriages, of divers Messuages in Lincoln's Inn Fields, of which they cannot make a Partition, nor an Improvement thereof by building, though they are in great Decay, because the Petitioners are by their Settlements restrained from granting Leases more them for 21 Years, and Builders will not undertake the same for so short a Term: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for making a Partition of the Messuages held by Moities in common, and to enable the Petitioners to make Leases for rebuilding other Part of the said Premises, for such Terms, as are necessary and usual, and under full Rents without Fine.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Ward, and Mr. Hungerford do prepare, and bring

in, the Bill.

Mr. Brewer (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, for enlarging the Term of Years, granted by an Act, passed in the 11 th and 12th Years of his late Majesty's Reign, for the Repair of Dover Harbour; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Hamond(according to Order) presented to the

House a Bill, for the Increase of Seamen, and better Encouragement of Navigation; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resotoed, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Gilbert Heathcot presented to the House, An Account of Bullion exported by the English Company trading to the East India's from Christmas, 1C98, to Christmas, 1703.

And the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Account l»e referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Trade to the East

1

The Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) presented to the Supply Bill; House a Bill, to raise Money for carrying on the War, Annuities, and other her Majesty's Occasions, by selling Annuities at several Rates, and for such respective Terms, or Estates, as are therein mentioned; and the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Sevennight,

Sir Thomas Cook presented to the House, An Account Fast India of Bullion exported by the Governor and Company of Trad Merchants of London trading to the East India's, from London, and from Cadiz, since the 25th of December,

1698, to the 25th of December, 1703; and also,

An Account of Bullion sent out by the Court of Managers for the united Trade to the East India's, from their first Exportation to the 25th of December, 1703.

And the said Accounts ivere read.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Trade to the East India's.

And the Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session,

The House being informed, that several Officers of the Allowance. Customs attended, they were called in: on Damaged

And Mr. Holt presented to the House, An Account of 'Vine , the damaged Wines in the Out-ports, for the Year 1702; and also,

An Account of the Damages allowed on Wine in the Out-ports, for the Year 1702, as appears by the several Certificates of the respective Collectors:

And also Mr. Carcasse presented to the House, An Account of the Damages allowed on Wine, as also the Outs and Over Entries in the Port of London, from Christmas, 1701, to Christmas, 1702; and also,

A List of the Names of the Importers of Wine, that have had Allowance for Damage in the Port of London, in the Year 1702:

And also Mr. Andrews presented to the House, A List of the Names of the Importers of Wine in the Out-ports of England, for the Year 1702.

And the Titles of the said Accounts, and Lists, were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts, and Lists, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

And the said Accounts, and Lists, are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) presented to the Resumption House Two several Bills of Resumption; and the same of Grant., were received.

And a Bill, for resuming several Grants, made by his late Majesty King James the Second, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And a Bill, for resuming several Grants, made by their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary (of glorious Memory) or by the said late King William, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That both the said Bills be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

A Bill, for laying a further Duty upon Wines to be gupply ill; retailed, and for ascertaining the Wine Measures, and for Wine Duties, preventing the Mischiefs of corrupt, damaged, and vitiated Wines, was (according to Order) read a Second time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers

Leave of Absence.

Phillipson's

Estate.

Legh's

Estate#

Briscoe's

Estate.

2 Ann.

Tellers for the Yeas,

140 — 15

283

CMr. Mon

Mr. Che:

Tellers for the Noes, ir

£Sir Turner:

110.

152.

Committees.

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 15 die Januarii;

Anno 2 Ann® Regime.

Prayers.

OR D ERED, That Mr. Miller have Leave to go into _ .

the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary osh a°d the Manufacturers greatly prejudiced, by the

M A a BBA A A 4 A J V a A MB, A. A M /-I i A I 1« A A Am m A .'J

Occasions.

lets, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners are Traders in fine Woollen Stuffs, wherein great Numbers of Persons would be so fully employed, as to get a comfortable Livelihood, were they not obstructed and discouraged by the great Consumption of Callicoes, and Linen, dyed, printed, and stained, in England; but, by reason thereof, many of the said Traders are reduced to great Necessities: And praying Relief by such Methods, as.....think most convenient.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said. Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Trade to the East India's.

A Petition of several Inhabitants in and about the City Wearing of Coventry, of Tammy Weavers, Stuff-makers, Wool- caUicoes combers, Dyers, 8$c. was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said Manufacture is but newly set up in those Parts, and is in great Danger of being

A Bill, to vest Part of the Estate of Sir Christopher Phillipson, Knight, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Debts, and for charging Part thereof with Maintenance foi a Daughter, who is a Lunatick, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel

vast Consumption of painted Linens and Callicoes: And praying the House to provide some Remedy against the Dangers, which threaten the Petitioners Ruin.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Trade to the East India's.

__________ A Petition of the Clothiers, Dressers, and Dyers, in

Grahme, Sir Humphry Briggs, Mr. Wyld, Sir Tho. Pel- and about TVakefeild and Horbury, was presented to the Logwood' ham, Mr. Freeman, Sir Wm.Hustler, Mr. Ward, Sir House, and read; setting forth, that great Quantities of

JVm. Coriton, Mr. Smithson, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Gery, Sir Cloth, made there for foreign Markets, are shipt off Rick. How, Mr. Clayton, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Pigott, white, whereby the Petitioners are deprived of the Ad- Mr. Grenville, Sir Chr. Musgrave, Mr. Drake, Mr. vantage of dying, dressing, pressing, and finishing, the Bracer, Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. Musgrave, Sir Brian same; the Reason whereof is, that the Manufacturers Stapleton; and all, that serve for the Counties of West- abroad are furnished with Dying Materials (especially morland, Cumberland, and York: And they nre to meet Logwood) much cheaper, than the Manufacturers here: this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's And praying, that the House will take care, that the Chamber.

A Bill, for vesting the Estate of Thomas Legh, late of Ridge, in the County of Chester, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, for the Payment of his Debts, perfecting his Purchases, and better effecting the Purposes iu his Will, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Chr. Musgrave, Sir Fra. Massam, Colonel Grahme, Mr. Ge-rey, Mr. Freeman, Sir Tho. Pelham, Sir John Mordent, Mr. Wyld, Sir Wm. Hustler, Mr. Carteret, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Brener, Sir Brian Stapleton, Mr. Clark, Sir Gere, Elwes, Mr. Lee, Mr. Blofeld, Mr. Shackerley, Mr. Drake, Mr. Webb, Mr. Knatchbull; and all, that serve for the Counties of Chester, Derby, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Richard Musgrave reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill, for the Improvement of the Estate of

English Woollen Manufactures may be carried into foreign Parts in their full Perfection, and fully manufactured.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the other Petitions, relating to the Duty upon Logwood, be taken into Consideration.

Mr. Brewer reported from the Committee, to whom Bickers tasse's the Bill, for vesting several Estates of Sir Charles Bicker- Estate. stqffe, Knight, in Trustees, for discharging the Incumbrances thereon, and better Payment of his Debts, and for making some Provision for Dame Elizabeth, his Wife, and Frances, his Daughter, was committed; that they had considered the Petitions to them referred; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report, to the House: Which be read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once Fead throughout, and

John Briscoe, Esquire, in the County of Cumberland, was then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question committed, that they had examined the Allegations of severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Worcester

Work-house.

the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Sir Edw. Hussey, Mr. Trcdenham, Mr. Fagg, Sir Walter Yonge, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Yates, Mr. King, be added to the Committee, to

Ordered, ingrossed.

That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Trade to the East India's.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Davers took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Robert Davers reported from the said Committee, that they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made on Monday Morning.

Sir Robert Dmers further reported, that the Com-whom the Bill, for the erecting a Work-house in the mittee had directed him to move, that they may have

E.ist India Trade.

Wearing

printed

Callicoes,

City of Worcester, is committed.

A Petition of many Weavers, and others, dwelling in several large Parishes in Middlesex, and the lower Ham-Vot. 14.

Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House do, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Trade to the East India's.

Ordered,

Importing

Salt-petre.

Irish Linen Manufacture.

Duties on Logwood

Irish

Forfeitures.

Bowdler'a

Estate.

Ivory's

Estate

Wheeler's

Estate.

St. George the Martyr Poor,

284 150 — 170 Januarii. A. 1703.

Ordered, That the adjourned Debate, touching the Commitment of the Bill, for the reviving of an Act, made in the 5th and 6th Year of their late Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for the Importation of Saltpetre for one Year, be further adjourned until this Day Sevcnnight

from being chargeable with the Families of such Prisoners, and Shelterers.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for the better Relief, Employment, and Settlement, of the Poor, is committed.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, take the Address to her Majesty from the House of Commons of Ireland, relating to the Linen Manufacture there, into Consideration.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, take into Consideration the several Petitions, which have been presented to the House, relating to the Duties upon Logwood.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, to enlarge the Time for the Purchasers of the forfeited Estates in Ireland to make the Payment of their Purchase Money.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine a Clock.

Luna, 17 die

Mr. Eyres (according to Order) presented to the House Cowpei' a Bill, to enable Sir John Cawper, Knight, and A nth. Kswle Henley, Esquire, to make Partition, and grant building Leases, of several Messuages and Tenements in Lincolns Inn Fields, in the Parishes of St. Giles's the Fields and St. Clement's Danes, in the County of Middlesex; and the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the Inhabitants and Traders in and near wearing the Town of Linton, in the County of Cambridge, was printed presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Callicoes. Petitioners are Yarn-makers for fine Woollen Stuffs; and are apprehensive, that they shall be rendered uncapable to continue their Employment, if a Stop be not put to the wearing of printed and stained Callicoes: And praying the Consideration of the House therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Trade to the East India's.

Anno 2° Anns Regina.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the vesting the Manor of in the County of Radnor, and other Lands in the County of Salop, of Mary Bawdier, and William Bawdier, Gentleman, in certain Trustees, for Payment of the Debts, and making Provision for the younger Children, of the said William Bawdier, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Williams, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Shackerley, Mr. Harley, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Clayton, Mr. , Mr. Wylde, Sir Fra. Wyndham, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Blofeld, Mr. Col-

chester, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Ogle, Sir Tho. Davall, Mr. Dyott, Sir John Kay, Mr. Aislaby, Lord Pierrepont, Mr. Naylor, Mr. Foley; and all, that serve for the Counties of Salop and Hereford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for supplying the Defect of the Execution of a Power in Sir John Ivory, Knight, deceased, for making Provision for his younger Children, was read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, Horn the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Sir George Wheeler, Knight, and Doctor in Divinity, to make Leases of some Houses and Ground in Channon Row, in Westminster, was read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, and several antient Inhabitants, of the Parish of St. George the Martyr, in the Borough of Southwark, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there are several Prisons in the said Parish, besides the Rules of the Queen's Bench Prison, and Mint, for Shelterers, who come from ail Parts of the Kingdom; by reason whereof the said Parish is extremely overburdened with Poor, for that most of the Prisoners, and Shelterers, with their Families, take a House of 10/. per Annum, or upwards (though they are not able to pay scarce any thing for the same) and thereby entitle them to a Settlement there, so that afterwards the Parish is obliged to provide for their Wives and Children; which is a daily Increase of Poor upon the Parish, who are not able to bear the great Charge thereby arising: And praying, that some Provision may be made, to prevent the said Parish

A Petition to Francis GeU, Esquire, was presented to Jenkins the House, and read; setting forth, that there is a Bill Hnute.. depending in the House, to enable John Jenkins, Esquire, to sell Lands in the Counties of Durham and Northumberland, for Payment of Debts charged thereon; which Bill, as it is now drawn, will defeat the Petitioner of a Judgment of 600l. against the said Mr. And.

praying, that he may be heard by his Counsel, before the said Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard by his Counsel, before the Committee, thereupon.

Mr. Moor (according to Order) presented to the House Imparting a Bill, for prolonging the Time, granted by an Act of Thrown Sdk. Parliament, made in the First Year of her Majesty's Reign, for importing into England Thrown Silk, of the Growth of Sicily, from Leghorn; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill, for the Increase of Seamen, and better En- Increase of couragement of Navigation, was (according to Order) Seamen, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hamond,

Mr. Crosse, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Clayton, Mr. King, Mr.

Lee, Marquis Hartington, Sir Jos. Lord

by, Mr. Holmes, Mr. Winstanley, Mr. Sir Cha.

turner, Mr. Crazclcy, Colonel Colchester, Sir Jos. Tre-denham, Mr. Herne, Mr. Conyers, Sir Fra. Child, Mr.

Annesley, Sir John Mordant, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Hump.

Mackworth, Mr. Moor, Mr. Stanley, Colonel Stringer,

Sir Tho, Davall, Sir Fra. Wyndham, Colonel Drake, Mr.

Walpole, Lord Chenie, Mr. Eyre, Mr. Parker, Mr.

Price, Sir Jac. Astley, Mr. Perry, Mr. Oglethorp, Sir Edw. Hussey, Mr. Rawney, Mr. Air.

Sir Robert Davers; and all the Merchants of the House; and all, that serve for Sea-port Towns: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That some Members be appointed, to search privilege — the Journals of the House of Lords, as to their Pro- Actions at ceedings upon a Writ of Error from the Court of Queen's Bench, in a Cause between Matthew Ashby and William White; and report the same to this House. Aylesbury

And it is referred to Mr. Brevier, Mr. Haa\ Mr. Case. Freeman, Mr. Take, Sir Tho. Powys, Sir Rich. Onslow,

Mr. Annesley.

Ordered,

Privilege.

Resumption of Grants,

Ditto.

Ditto.

East India Trade.

2 Ann.

i 70 — 18°

285

Ordered, That they do also inspect the Journals of the House of Lords, what they did in the Case of and

Burnurdiston; and report the same to this House.

A Complaint being made to the House, that one William Young hath, the 7th Day of December last, made Affidavit in the Court of Chancery, in a Cause between Lawz, and Windham, and others, that he did, on the 1 ith Day of November last, and several Days afterwards, deliver Copies of a Writ of Execution of an Order, to stay Rents in the Tenants Hands, to several Persons, who are Tenants of Lands in the County of Lincoln; which Persons were then Tenants of Lands belonging to the Lord IVm. Fmvlett (a Member of this House) in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint, and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Bill, for resuming several Grants, made by his late Majesty King James the Second, was (according to Order) read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill, for resuming several Grants, made by their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary (of glorious Memory) or by the said late King William, was (according to Order) read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night (after the Committee upon the Bill, for resuming several Grants, made by his late Majesty King James the Second) resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of Hester Hercart, Widow and Relict of Charles de la Tour, Marquis de Gouvernette, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner's Daughter Hester married the Lord Eland deceased, upon which a Settlement was made {inter alia) of the Reversion of a Fee-farm Rent of 550/. per Annum (after Queen Dowager's Death) issuing out of the Manors of Bradbury and Hilton, in the County of Durham: That the Lord Eland, by his last Will, £ave the said Fee-farm Rent to his Widow, and for Payment of his Debts; and she gave the same to the Petitioner, and her Heirs, who, together, have paid near 7,000l. of the Lord Eland's Debts, and there are yet several unpaid: That the Widow Elands Will being not according to Law', there being no Witnesses to it, though all written with her own Hand (she being a Stranger) the Petitioner did procure an Inquisition to be found, to entitle the late King William to the said Fee-farm Rent; and, upon Application, his Majesty, 29 Apr. 1695, did grant the same to the Earl of Romney and Sir Charles Lcdcwick Cottrell, and their Heirs; who have declared a Trust for the Petitioner: That there is a Bill in the House, for resuming several Grants, made by his said late Majesty: And praying, that the Benefit of the said Grant may be thereby saved to the Petitioner, and her Heirs.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee of the whole House.

Sir Robert Davers (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the wlrnle House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Trade to the East India's, the Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is, as followeth; v

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that a Restraint be laid upon the Exportation of Bullion to the East India's.

Vol. H,

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That a Restraint be laid upon the Exportation of Bullion to the East India's.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, upon the said Resolution; and that the Lord Sir

Robert Davers, Mr Lowndes, Mr. Mankand Sir Tredenham, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Franckiyn, Supply Bill; and Mr. Hiccocks: . Malt Dutie *

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty, by Continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for one Year, without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Ways and next (after leading the Bill, to raise Money for carrying Means, on the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions, by selling Annuities at several Rates, and for such respective Terms, or Estates, as are therein mentioned) resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Mom- East In<1 a ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Trttde"

House, to consider further of the Trade to the East India's.

' v

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee *

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mar I is, 18 die Januarii;

Anno 2 Annas Reginre.

Prayers.

AM E S S AG E from the Lords, by Sir John Franckiyn, and Mr. Hiccocks:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Lord Dillon's Sale of Part of the Estate of Henry Lord Viscount Dillon, E#tale in the Kingdom of Ireland, for Payment of his Debts, and for settling an Equivalent, in other Part of his Estate, on the Viscountess his Wife, for her Jointure; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

Also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Jarman' for the vesting of Nine Messuages in the Parish of St. Estut ' Giles's in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, being the Estate of William Jarman, and Mary his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold, and for settling, in lieu thereof, a Messuage, and certain Lands in Whipsnade, Tottrenhoe, and Studham,in the County of Bedford; to which the

Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of Henry Guy, Esquire, the surviving Resumption Trustee of the last Will and Testament, of Sir William of GranU Fulteney, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that Sir William Fulteney, and his Ancestors, have for near 200 Years past held, by Lease from the Crown, several Lands and Tenements in Westminster and Middlesex, and died possessed thereof, by virtue of a Lease from King Charles the 2d for about 30 Years then to come, which was granted upon a Consideration, that proved of much greater Value, than the Lease: That Sir William died, and by his Will appointed the Petitioner, and Sir Tho. Clarge(since deceased) Trustees, to sell all his Leasehold Lands, to pay his Debts,

Legacies, and Portions, and to lay out the overplus Money in the Purchase of Lands in Fee-simple, for the Benefit of his Family, as his Will directs: That the Trustees obtained a Decree in Chancery, to enable them to purchase

4 C from

a8<5 18° Januarii. A. 1703.

from the Crown a further Term in Part of the said Premises, and other Part thereof in Fee; and accordingly purchased from their late Majesties, and actually paid into the Exchequer above 2,400l. Consideration-money: That, since the said Purchase, Part of the Premises have been sold to several, and an Act of Parliament passed, to enable the Petitioner to make Leases, for the raising Money for Payment of Wm. Pulten Debts (Son of the said Sir Wm.) and for confirming the Sales, then made, to the Purchasers, and for selling the Remainder; since which Act the Petitioner has sold, and contracted for Sale of, most of the remaining Part: That there is a Bill depending in the House, for resuming several Grants, made by their late Majesties. King William and Queen Mary (of glorious Memory) or by the said late King William, which, should it pass into a Law, will be almost the Ruin of the said Testator's Family: And praying, that some Provision may be made in the said Bill, in behalf of the said Family.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Cowper'i A Bill, to enable Sir John Knight, and An-

Ettate. thonyHenley, Esquire, to make Partition, and grant

building Leases, of several Messuages and Tenements in Lincoln's Inn Fields, in the Parishes of St. Giles in the Fields and St. Clement's Danes, in the County of Middlesex, was (according to Order) read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Rfiumption A Petition of Henry Earl of Suffolk, Henry Lord of Grants. Walden, Edward Howard, Charles Howard, Esquires, and the Lady Diana, Wife of John Pitt, Esquire, Sons and Daughter of the said Earl of Suffolk, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that in 1669 King Charles the 2d purchased of James late Earl of Suffolk, the now Earl's Brother, the Mansion-house of And/ey-end, and Park, for 50,000l. whereof 30,000l. was paid, and the remaining 20,000l. was to be paid out of the Revenue arising by Fire-hearths: That the late Earl of Suffolk devised the said 20,000 /. unto his Brother Geo. (since deceased) and the Petitioners, and the Survivors of them: That the Revenue upon Fire-hearths being taken away by Act of Parliament, and the 20,000l. not paid, his late Majesty did, by Letters Patents, grant the said Premises to Peter King and Thomas Marryot, and their Heirs, in Trust for the Petitioners; and the surviving Executors of the said late Earl of Suffolk have discharged the Crown of the said Debt: That there is a Bill depending in the House, for resuming several Grants, made by their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, or by the said late King William, which will defeat the Petitioners of the Benefit of the said Grant, (not of Half the Value of the said Debt) unless some Provision be made therein for the Petitioners: And praying, that the House will give such Relief in the Pre-' mises, as shall be thought meet

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

F_a e0f Mr. Meyrick (according to Order) presented to the

Sheriffs. House a Bill, for the Ease of Sheriffs in the Execution of

their Office, and passing their Accounts; and the same Was received, and read a First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Evelyn's A Bill, to enable George Evelyn, Esquire, to raise Estate. portions for his Brothers and Sisters, according to his Father's Settlement and Will, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Richard Qnslmv, Mr. Thompson, Sir Mr. Stonehouse,

Mr. Vernon, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Dowdswell, Mr. Aylmer, Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. Topham, Mr. Brewer,

Mr. Nevill, Sir John Williams, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Moncton, Mr. Morgan, Sir Wm. Bowes, Mr. Stevens, Mr.

Curson, Mr. Blofeld, Mr. Ashbumham, Mr. Grahme,

Mr. Fagg, Mr. Sharp, Mr. Conyers; and all, that serve for the Counties of Surrey and ousser: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, to enable the Guardian of the Right Earl of War-Honourable Edward Henry Earl of Warwick and Holland, during his Minority, to make Leases of several Messuages

in or near Smithfield, London, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be.

An Act to enable the Guardian of the Earl of Warwick and Holland, during his Minority, to make Leases of several Messuages in or near West-Smithfield.

Ordered, That Mr. Bridgman do carry the Bill to fl.e Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Mr. Bray have Leave to go into the Leave of Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions. A bee.ice.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, York West That the ingrossed Bill, for the publick registering of all Hiding Re-Conveyances, Mortgages, or other Securities, that shall gistry hereafter be made of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the West Riding of the County of York, be now read the Third time;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas)'}!/ } Co-

Tellers for the Noes J;- ] 90-

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third time upon Thursday Morning next.

A Bill, for enlarging the Term of Years, granted by an Dover Har-Act, passed in the i ith and 12th Years of his late Ala- bow-, jesty's Reign, for the Repair of Dover Harbour, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lord Grey' , for confirming the Execution of a certain Agreement, &c- Estate, made between Ralph Lord Grey, Baron of Werke, and Charles Lord Ossulstone, and the Lady Mary his Wife, touching certain Manors, Lands, and Tenements, in the County of Northumberland, Middlesex, and City of London, and also between Lawrence Earl of Rochester, and the said Lord Grey, concerning other Manors, Lands, and Tenements, in the said County of Northumberland,

County Palatine of Durham, and Town of Bei'wick upon Tweed, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Members who were appointed to Privilege-search the Journals of the House of Lord4, as to their Actions at Proceedings upon a Writ of Error from the Court of Queen's Bench, in a Cause between Matthew Ashby, and tI(fni.e William White, do search the several Offices of the Court Aylesbury of Queen's Bench for the Record of the Judgment, and (Jase-all other Proceedings there, in that Cause; and report the same to the House.

Mr. Bromley (according to Order) reported, from the nramber Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it Election, appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of Bramber, in the County of Sussex, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are, as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of Thomas Lord Viscount

of the Kingdom of Ireland,complaining of an undue Election and Return of John Middleton, Esquire, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Bramber:

That

2 Ann. i8 0 Januarii,287

That the Right of Election was agreed to be in the Persons inhabiting in ancient Houses, or in Houses built on ancient Foundations, paying Scotland Lot.

That, upon the Poll, the Numbers, were equal; but the Petitioner's Counsel insisted, they should add Three to his Poll, and take off Pour from the Sitting Member's.

That they gave Evidence, that Three, who inhabited in ancient Houses, and were charged to the Poor's Rates, were not admitted by the Constable to vote in the Election; and that, as to Pour others, that they did not live in ancient Houses, or in Houses built on ancient Foundations: That one of them lived in Part of an House with another Person, who voted in the Election: That othprs inhabited in Houses, made into Tenements from a Smith's Forge, a Malt-house, and a Tan-barn.

That to this Evidence they added, that the Petitioner declared, some Time before the Election, against Bribery; and that he would turn out any of his Tenants, that should t ke Money.

That, in Answer, Evidence was given for the Sitting Member, that those Three, they endeavoured to add to the Petitioner's Poll, came into the Town, to inhabit, not long before the Election; and that, upon Complaint, the Justices had granted Warrants to remove Two of them: Which, as it was used for an Argument against their being legally settled; so, on the other side, Exception was taken to this, as an indirect Practice, to take oft Votes.

And, as to their being charged to the Poor's Rates, it was said, that it was done by the Threats of the Petitioner, upon making a Levy the Sunday before the Election, which was ouly signed by the Minister, and Overseers of the Poor; and, besides, it was. affirmed, these Persons never demanded to vote at this Election.

That the divided House had been in Two Tenements about Seven Years, and that the Persons inhabiting in them had voted in former Elections; though once Mr. Asgill objected to one of them, and he was then

refused.

That the Tan-barn, the Malt-house, and the Smith's . Forge, have been Dwelling Houses, one of them 15, the other 16 or 17, and the last above 30, Years; and the Persons inhabiting in them have voted in other Elections, and were none of them refused till about the Year 1700.

That then some Evidence was offered of indirect Practices for the Petitioner.

John Hudson produced a Letter from Mr. Crare«(who accompanied the Petitioner to dated July 27th,

desiring him to give 24 Bushels of Malt, at Two Bushels each, to the Lady Jeffries' Tenants, and to one Thomas Finch, who voted for her Interest at the last Election; and said, the Letter was brought to him by the Petitioner's Servant, who left him Three Guineas at the same time. He declared, the Malt was accordingly distributed to Eight Tenants; and the Remainder of the Money, being 8 5. he gave to his Servant Finch, by the Order of the Petitioner, after the Election was over.

That this Witness did not vote for the Petitioner.

Waller said, that Two Days after James's, the

Petitioner gave him I'ive Guineas, to drink his Health with the Borough; and that the Voters were at the spending of this Money.

Mary Emery; that the same Day the Petitioner was at her Wedding, and gave to her, and to her Husband, a Guinea each: That her Husband has a Vote; but the Petitioner stud nothing, at that Time, of his standing to be a Member of Parliament.

That, about Three Weeks before the Election, he , gave her another Guinea, taking Notice to her of his having been at her Wedding, desired her to engage her Husband's Vote for him; but her Husband did not vote for him. She further said, she was at an Entertainment with a great many Freemen, and paid nothing.

Tho. Churcher said, that he was invited to the said Entertainment by some of the Petitioner's Servants; where there w as boiled and roasted Beef, Venison Pasty. Vol. 14.

&c. and they continued drinking about Seven Hours, and paid only 6d. a-piece. '

IValter Parsons; That Edward JVitcher voted for the Petitioner, and brought to him, about Three Days before the Election, Five Guineas, to weigh, and change, saying, he could get more Money by burgessing, than all his Corn was worth; and after the Election he brought 17I more, and told him, he had been with the Petitioner, and had them for burgessing.

In Reply:

Mr. Craven gave an Account, that he went the First time with the Petitioner to Bramber: That there was then no Discourse of his standing to be a Member of Parliament; and owned, he gave Order, by the Petitioner's Directions, for Malt to be delivered to the Lady Jeffries'

Tenants, understanding, something of that Kind had been used to be done.

Mr. Tho. Russell said, the Petitioner went to Bramber, to see the Lady Jeffries' Estate, to whom he is since married; and that the Entertainment mentioned was for the Lady Jeffries' and Mr. Asgill's Tenants, who paid their Club.

And that, upon the Whole, the Committee came to these Resolutions; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That John Middleton, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Bramber, in the County of Sussex.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Thomas Lord Viscount Windsor, of the Kingdom of Ireland, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Bramber.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That John Middleton,

Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Bramber, in the County of Sussex.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution; That Thomas Lord Viscount Windsor, of the Kingdom of Ireland, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Bramber;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the late Election of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Bramber, is a void Election.

A Bill, to prevent the Licentiousness of the Press, was Licentious-according to Order) read a Second time. neM of the

And a Motion being made, and the Question being Pres ' put, That the Bill be committed;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas, { } . 7-

Tellers for the Noes, £ Sir JAiSoW; } 9°-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Mom- poor Laws, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for the better Relief, Employment, and Settlement, of the Poor.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further ad- Call of the journed until this Day Seven-night. House.

Ordered, That Sir Chr. Hales, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Jenkins' Renda, Mr. Jennens, Mr. Moncton, Colonel Colchester, t-stale- Mr. Fagg, Major Hales, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Nicholas, be

added

Bowes

Estate

Dr. Gastreli thanked.

Briscoe's

Estate

Houston

Route.

Resumption ef Grunts.,

288

18" — 2o° Jamarii. A. 1703.

added to the Committee, to whom the Bill, to enable will be a great Hardship to the Petitioner: And praying John Jenkins, Esquire, to sell Lands in the Counties of such Relief in the Premises, as the House shall think fit.

Durham and Northumberland, for Payment of Debts Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition charged thereon, is committed. be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to

whom the said Bill is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 20 die Januarii;

Anno 2 Annas Regina.

Praters,

MR. Comyns reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill, for vesting in Trustees Part of the Estate late of Thomas Harlackenden Bowes, for Payment of the

Debts and Legacies, wherewith the said Estate is charged, and for preserving the Residue, clear of Charges, for the Benefit of Thomas Bowes, Esquire, an Infant, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of Henry de Nassau Seigneur - Reromptiow

querque, and of Henry Earl of Grantham, Son and Heir of Grant , apparent of the said Henry de Nassau, and Henrietta Lady Grantham, his Wife, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, in Consideration of the long Services of the Petitioner Henry de Nassau, did, by Two several Letters Patents, in the 6th and 7th Years of their Reign, grant to him, and his Heirs, certain Rents, issuing out of South and North Wales, and the Duchy of wall: That soon after, upon the Marriage of the Petitioners, the Earl of Grantham, and his Lady (who is Sister to the Duke of Ormond) and in Consideration of 10,000l. Portion, the Petitioner De Nassau did settle great Part of the said Rents on Trustees, for the present Maintenance of the said Earl, and his Wife, and making Provision for the Issue of their Bodies, and is the only Support of them, and their Family, whose constant Residence is in England: And praying, that such a Saving may be inserted in the Bill, now depending in the House, for resuming several Grants, made by their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, or by the said late King William, as may preserve the Benefit of the said Grants to the Petitioners.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to Doctor Gastreli, for the Sermon preached by him before tills House Yesterday at St. Margaret's, Westminster; and that he be desired to print the same; and that Sir Christopher Musgraoe and Mr. Conyers do acquaint him therewith.

' An ingrossed Bill, for the Improvement of the Estate of John Briscoe, in the County of Cumberland, Esquire

was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for the Improvement of the Estate of John Briscoe, Esquire, in the County of Cumberland.

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Musgrave do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill, for repairing the Highways between Royston and Carton, in the County of Cambridge, is committed, that they do receive a Clause, for the putting a Stop to the taking the Toll at Burlipp till the County of Gloucester do give Security to the County of Hereford, for repairing the Highways there.

A Petition of, John Pultney, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that in 1684 the Petitioner's Father, Sir Wm. Pulteney, being possessed of a Messuage, with a small Piece of waste Ground, in Russel Court, and a Coach-house and Stable in Stable-yard, near St. James's Street, by virtue of a Lease from the Crown, which bad been renewed for several Reigns, the Petitioner did then purchase his Father's Interest therein for a valuable Consideration, and built on the said waste Ground a House, wherein be now dwells, and has been at great Charges in repairing the other Premises, now let upon a Rack Rent of 30/. per Annum: That, in Consideration of a Fine, paid into the Exchequer by the Petitioner, and the Charges he had and should be at, his late Majesty did, by Letters Patent, of 13 March, 1695, grant to the Petitioner a further Term in the said Premises, to commence after a Term of 30 Years then in being: That there is a Bill depending in the House, for resuming several Grants, made by their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary (of glorious Memory) or by the said late King/PilUam,which, should it pass into a Law,

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Bramt the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Writ, the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Brambei', in the County of Sussex, in the room of John Middleton, Esquire, whose Election hath been declared void.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Jarman' for the vesting of Nine Messuages in the Parish of St. Estate-Giles in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, being the Estate of William Jarman, and Mary his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold, and for settling, in lieu thereof, a Messuage, and certain Lands in WhipsTottrenhoe, and Studham, in the County of Bedford, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Charles Bathurst, Esquire, was presented Proceedings to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner, of Lord rebeing seised in Fee of the Manor of Arklegarthdale, ‘peering a within the Honour of Richmond, in the County of York, chancer" -and of several Lead Mines therein, admitted Robert Bathurst Squire, and others, to be Partners with him in the said Ld. Wharton. Lead Alines, for a Term of Years only; and in the 15th Year of the Reign of King James the 1st a Commission of Survey, with Articles of Instructions, issued out of the Court of Exchequer, and an Inquisition and Survey was taken thereupon, and the Boundaries (ft1 ther Honour of Richmond, and Lordship of Middleham, and many other Manors and Lordships bounding thereupon, were set out, and the Commission, Instructions, Inquisition, and Survey, were returned into the Court of Exchequer, and filed, and became a Record of the said Court: That, about 20 Years since, there was a Suit concerning the Boundaries of some or one of the said Manors, mentioned in the said Survey, and the said Record was given in Evidence on a Trial at Bar, and came to the Hands of Mr. Ralph Gr.ainge, deceased, then an Attorney for one of the Parties concerned, and, -by Mistake, was not delivered back into the Exchequer Court, till after his Death (which was about Four Years since) when it was found amongst his Papers, and then delivered into the Court of Exchequer, to be filed upon the proper File: That the Lord Wharton being seised of the Manor of Iielaughin Sualcdale, adjoining to the

Petitioner's

4 Ann. . io0 Januarii. 289

Petitioner's said Manor, and there being a Suit depending is advised, that, although a Record be, through Time, in Chancery between the Lord Wharton, and the Peti- Accident, or evil Practice, defaced in some Part of it, tioner and his Partners, concerning the Right of some yet, as to such Part, as remains legible, it is always Lead Mines, which intirely depended upon the Boundaries allowed to be given in Evidence; and the Petitioner of their Manors, the Lord Wharton opposed the filing of ought not to have been debarred from making use of this the said Record pretending some ill Practices in one of Record, to support his Inheritance, it being the Right the Attorneys of the Exchequer, and that the Record of every Subject, to give in Evidence any Record, or having been out of the Court many Years, if ever filed, Copy thereof, for Defence of his Title to any Matter in yet it could not be known, what Hands it had been in, Question; and he conceives there is not the least Grounds or whether it had been altered; but, after hearing Counsel to suspect, that the said Record hath been altered in any several times, and great Consideration had, the Court of Part, there being, as the Petitioner is informed, and Exchequer, the 1/5th of July, 1701, made an Order believes, better Proofs for the Validity thereof, than for for filing the said Commission, Articles, Inquisition, and any one of the most authentick Records now extant in any Survey, on the proper File: That, upon hearing the of the Courts at Westminster, there being divers Copies said Cause in Chancery, an Issue was directed, to try, in thereof, made long before the same came to the Hands of which Manor the Lead Mine in Question lies; and at Mr. Grange, which do exactly agree with the said Record: the Tryal, at the Bar of the Queen's Bench, the Peti- And praying Relief in the Premises, and that the House tioner gave the said Record in Evidence (though the Lord will take the same into Consideration, inasmuch, as the Whartons Counsel opposed it) and a Verdict was given making such Orders by the House of Peers will hereafter for the Petitioner: Thereupon the Lord Wharton appealed prove of fatal Consequence to the Rights arid Inheritance to the House of Peers from the said Order of the 15 th of of the Commons of England.

July, 1701, and Mr. Squire (only interested, as afore- Ordered, That some Members be appointed to search said) was ordered to give his Answer thereunto, and no the Journals of the House of Peers, as to their Proceed-Notice was taken, in the Said Appeal, of the Petitioner, ings, touching the Matter aforesaid, and also the Offices nor any other of his Partners; and Mr. Squire having of the Court of Exchequer, touching the Pioceedings given in his Answer, the Lords, on the 12th of February, there in relation to the said Inquisition; and report the 1702, upon hearing Counsel on both Sides, ordered, that same to the House.

a Tryal should be had the next Term, at the Common And it is referred to Mr. Benson, Mr. Aislaby, Sir Pleas Bar, upon this feigned Issue; viz. " Whether the Godfrey Copley, Sir Tho. Pelham, Colonel Byerley, Mr.

" Skins of Parchment, directed by the Order of the Court Wai'd', Mr. Pooley.

" of Exchequer, on the 15th of July, 1701, to be filed, are the perfect, unaltered, exact and intire, Commission and " Return, first filed in the Court of Exchequer, in the 16th " Year of King James the Firstand that in the said Action the said Robert Squire should be Plaintiff, and take

the Proof of the Issueupon himself, and the Lord Wharton

Defendant; and that the said Skins of Parchment, or any Copy thereof, should not be given in Evidence in any Court whatsoever, until the said Tryal was over; and that the said Skins of Parchment (being upon the File, by virtue of the said Order of the 15th July) should not lie allowed as any Evidence, on the said Tryal, for the Plaintiff': That the Court of Chancery, as is usual, where a Right of Inheritance is to be bound, directed a Second Tryal, which came on at the Queen's Bench Bar in Michaelmas Term last; at which Tryal the Lord Whar tons Counsel insisted, that the Petitioner could not give was commanded by her Majesty to lay before them a withPortugal in Evidence the said Inquisition, and Survey, by reason Copy of Articles of Agreement, concluded with the King wooMcn'and of the said Order of the House of Peers, of 12 Febr. of Portuthe 27th of December, 1703; with a Tran- wine Trail . 1702; and the Petitioner's Counsel also advising not to slation thereof, and an Extract of Mr. Methuen's Letter, offer the said Record, or any Copy thereof, in Evidence, of December January 15, 170!; relating to the lost his Cause, and the Jury found.a Boundary between Duties upon the Woollen Manufactures and Wines: And the said Manors, different from what either Side had he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table; where the proved, or so much as opened, or insisted on, at either same were read, and are, as follow; viz. of the said Tryals, or in Chancery; and the'Issue and

Verdict were recorded for the Plaintiff, which could not sale C°Py of the Articles of Agreement,

have been, if the said Record had been given in Evidence; QUANDOQUIDEM feedus, arctaque amicitia.

That by the Lords said Order the Petitioner's Inheritance, quae intercedit inter serenissimam ac potentissiman Prin-and the Right of many other Persons, will be bound, cipfem Dominam Annam, Magnae Britanniae Reginam, although none were Parties before their Lordships, nor et serenissimum ac potentissimum Petrum, Lusitanite over heard touching the said Record: That the Order of Regem,postulat, ut utriusque gentis Britanniae et Lusitaniae the 15th of July was not made in any Cause depending commcrcia, quam fieri possit, commodissimfe promovean-in the Court of Exchequer, but was made by the Court tur; et sacra regia Alajestas Magnae Britanniae sacrae regiae ex Officio, to preserve their own Record, of which they Majestati Lusitaniae significandum curavit per excellentis-are sole Judges, and (there being no Suit depending) simum Dominum Johannem Methuen, Armigerum, An-there was no Ground for an Appeal; and therefore their glici Parliamenti sanatorem, et in Lusitania legatum extra-Lordships making such Order, as aforesaid, was (as the ordinarium, pergratum sibi fore, si lanei panni, cteteraque Petitioner conceives) exercising an original Jurisdiction, Britannica lanificia, in Lusitanium admitterentur, eorum to bjnd the Inheritance of many of her Majesty's Sub- interdictione sublatA; ut ea de re agi et transigi posset, jects, without hearing them: That the Lord Wharton,plenipotentiassuasetmandatadederunt; sacra 6cilicetMa-endeavouring to impeach the said Record, ought to have jestas Magnae Britanniae supra memorato exccllentissimo been the Plaintiff'in the said Issue, directed by the Lords; Domino Johanni Methuen; sacra verd regia Majestas and conceives it hard to make Squire Plaintiff, and much Lusitaniae excellentissimo Domino Emmanueli Tellesio more to lay the Burthen upon him, to prove the Record Silvio, niarchioni Alegretensi, comiti Vtllarmaiorio, in so-to be the perfect, unaltered, exact, and intire Commis- dalitio Equitum Christi commendatario, Sancti Johaunis sion, and Return, first filed, and to put the Validity of de Allegrete, et Trapetorum de Soure, in Avisiensium the whole Record upon that Issue; for that the Petitioner verd Collegio commendatario Sancti Johannis de Moura Vo l. 14. 4D et

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Francklyn, and Sir Robert Legard.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Audle/s the making void certain Uses, Estates, and Trusts, limited Estat#-in the Marriage Settlement of Henry Audley, Esquire, of certain Manors and Lands contained in that Settlement, and settling other Manors and Lands, of better Value, to and for the same Uses, Estates, and Trusts; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Kops' Nat. for naturalizing Isaac Kops; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Secretary Hedses aenuainted the House, that he Agreement

Agreement with Portugal respecting Woollen and Wine Trade.

29O ao° Jantiariu A. 1705

et SanctteMari® de Albufeira, Triumvero fisci moderatori, prim® admissionis cubiculario, et status consiliario sacr® regi® Majestati Lusitan®: Qui quidem vi plenipotentia-rum sibi respective concessarum, re maturfe diligenterque deliberate, de ilia in sequentes articulos convenere:

Art. i.

Sacra regia Majestas Lusitani® spondet, suo suorumque successorum nomine, admissum iri, per omne tempus, in Lusitaniam laneos pannos, c®teraque Britannorum lanifi-cia, non aliter quAm fieri solebat, antequam per Pragmati-cas Sanctiones interdicerentur; eatamen sub Conditione:

Art. 2.

Scilicet, ut sacra regia Majestas Magn® Britanni®, suo suorumque successorum nomine, teneatur, in omne tempus, vina, ex Lusitanic® ditionis vinetis collecta, ita in Britan-niam admittere, ut nullo unquam tempore, sive pax sive bellum sit inter Britanni® et Galli® regna, quidquam am-plius pro hujusmodi vinis, vectigalis aut portorii nomine, sive quocu'nque also titulo, direct vel indirect exigatur, quAm quod, deducta tertiA parte vectigalis aut portorii, a pari quantitate sive mensura Gallici vini exigetur, sive ea vina per dolia, sive per cados, aut qusvis alia vasa, appor-tabuntur in Magnam Britanniam; quod si quando h®c vectigalium imminutio, prout pr®fertur facienda, quovis modo attentabitur, ipsique derogabitur, jus fasque erit sacr® regi® Majestati Lusitani® rursus laneos pannos, c®teraque Britannica lanificia, interdicere.

Art. 3.

Excellentissimi Domini plenipotentiarii spondent, atque in se recipiunt, alt£ memoratos Dominos suos hunc trac-tatum ratihabituros, et intra duorum mensium spatium ratihabituros commutandas.

In quorum omnium fidem ac Testimonium, ego, sacr® regi® Majestatis Magn® Britanni® plenipotentiarius, hunc tractatum mantis me® subscriptione et sigillo insignium meorum munivi; excellentissimus vero Dominus plenipotentiarius sacr® regi® Majestatis Lusitani®, vitand® con-troversi® causA, qu® est de loci pr®rogativa inter coronas Britannicam et Lusitanicam, aliud ejusdem tenoris instrument m subscripsit, commutatis tontummodo, qu® ejus rei ergd commutanda erant. Datum Olisipone, die vige-simA septimA mensis Decembris, anno Domini millesimo septingeutesimo tertio.

(L. S.) Johannes Methuen.

The Translation of the said Articles.

Article 1st.

HIS sacred royal Majesty of Portugal promises, in his own Name, and in the Name of his Successors, that there shall be admitted at all times into Portugal, Woollen Cloth, and other the Woollen Manufactures of England, no otherwise than they used to be, before they were prohibited by Pragmatick Sanctions; upon this Condition nevertheless:

Article 2d.

That her sacred royal Majesty of Great Britain be obliged, in her own N ame, and in the Name of her Successors, at all times so to admit into England, Wines gathered from the Vineyards belonging to the Portugal Dominions, as that at no time, whether there be Peace or War, between the Kingdoms of England and France, any more shall be demanded for such Wines, directly or indirectly, on Account of Custom or Impost, or upon any other Account whatsoever, than what shall, after deducting a third Part of the Custom or Impost, be demanded for a like Quantity of French Wine, whether such Wines shall be imported into Great Britain in Pipes, Hogsheads, or any other Vessels; but if at any time this Diminution of Duties, to be made as abovesaid, shall in any manner be attempted, and the same shall be infringed, it shall be right and lawful for his sacred Majesty of Portugal to prohibit again Woollen Cloths, and other the Woollen Manufactures of England.

Article 3d.

The most excellent Lords the Plenipotentiaries promise, and take upon themselves, that their above-mentioned Masters shall ratify this Treaty, and that within the Space of Two Months the Ratifications shall be exchanged.

The said Extract of Mr. Methu en's Letter.

Lisbon, December -£, 1703.

A C CORD IN G to the Account I gave your Lord1

£_Dec.

Ship in my Letter of the is No . I have made the Agreement with the Marquis d' Allegret; and I herew ith send your Lordship the full Powers of the King of Portugal to the Marquis, the Original of the Part signed by him, and the Copy of that Part of the Agreement, which I have signed, and which remains with the King of Portugal', and, according to which Copy, your Lordship will please to order her Majesty's Ratification to be drawn, the Method being the same, as was observed in the Two late Treaties, as to the naming her Majesty and the King of Portugal, and as to the signing of the Ministers. The Marquis, in respect of the general Powers her Majesty has honoured me with, and the future use of them, hath contented himself with a Copy, which I have attested to be exactly agreeing with the original Powers remaining in my hands.

Your Lordship will perceive the Agreement to be no more, than that the King of Portugal doth oblige himself, forever, to permit all the Sorts of Woollen Manufacture of England to be imported, in the same Manner, as they were before the Prohibitions, in Consideration, that her Majesty obliges herself, that the Wines of Portugal shall be admitted in England, and pay one Third Part less Duties, than French Wines, by the Pipe or Hogshead.

I cannot but hope, that your Lordship, and the Lords of her Majesty's Councils, as well as the Parliament, will be satisfied, that the Agreement is greatly advantageous to England, not only in that Part, which relates to the Woollen Manufacture, but also in the Manner of the Expedient for the King of Portugal his Satisfaction as to the Portugal Wines. I presume therefore to lay before your Lordship a State of the whole Matter, and the Reasons, for which this could not be obtained before, and which have made me hasten it now.

The whole Kingdom of Portugal, in the Reign of King Charles the Second, did generally clothe themselves with the Woollen Manufactures of England; but, upon raising the Duties upon their Wines, and putting an Imposition upon their Sugars, the Portuguese, finding their Money exported to England in return for our Goods, despairing of balancing our Trade by their Wines, and considering the great Quantity of very good and fine Wool, which Portugal produces, and the Convenience of having what Wool they pleased from Spain, they resolved to prohibit the Woollen Manufactures of , and.set

up the same in their Kingdom, where their Wool was very cheap. They began with prohibiting all Cloth, Hats, Stockings, and some other Sorts; but forebore the Prohibition of Bays, and the rest, till they could attain the making of them.

The Portugal Manufactures succeeded ill in every thing, but somewhat tolerably in coloured Cloth, very coarse, and in coarse Hats; so that by this means France hail everyway the Advantage, by sending their Wines to England, and a vast Quantity of Druggets and Stuffs to Portugal; where they have been always admitted, and sold to great Advantage, while even our Druggets, for being like Cloth, have been, 'till lately, refused, and now but sometimes, and with Difficulty, admitted.

The King of Portugal some Years since was prevailed with to admit black Cloth, of which very little is worn, and Stockings, and Hats, that were finer, than could be made here; but hath ahvays refused to admit Cloth, and Druggets, &c. generally, as well to continue their own Manufacture, as in hopes to get a Certainty of the buying all their Wines, or at least of taking off the greatest Part of the Duties on them; and could never be convinced, that it was impracticable to make an Agreement for tlx? taking off a great Quantity of their Wines at a certain Rate; but finding now, that their Wines, for several Years, sell very dear, without any Agreement,' and that this Conjuncture makes them see the want of our Cloth it\ particular, I have been able to obtain this Agreement, which they hope will be advantageous enough, to make their Wines sell in England.

This

Privilege — Actions at Law respecting Elections. — Aylesbury Case.'

York West

Hiding

Registry.

2 Ann 2o' —

This Agreement will have this Consequence in Portugal, that all their own Manufactures, which at this Time make vast Quantity of ill Cloth, and dear, will be immediately laid down, and totally discontinued, and the Cloth or Stuffs of no other Nation will be able to come in Competition with those of England; of which the Duties, payable here, are likewise very advantageously settled by the Treaty of Commerce made with Portugal in the late Times, and now confirmed by the late Treaty of Alliance.

I am very confident, this will be more fully confirmed to your Lordship, and the Council, by all, who have used the Trade of Portugal; and therefore I have hastened the Execution of the Agreement, that her Majesty might know the Sense of the Parliament, and might let the English Merchants have the Benefit of sending Cloth just at this Tipne, when so great a Quantity will immediately be sold, and used, and when the Remittances of Money hither will be at a very great Disadvantage) unless our Trade can be increased.

The Expedient, for their Satisfaction in their Wines, seems to me the only one, that could be practicable, and advantageous to England; in respect, that, if any thing should have been taken oft" from the Duties of Portugal Wines, besides the Loss to the CrowB, it would have made a fatal Objection in Spain, if they had not been likewise favoured, since their Trade stands equally beneficial to England; her Majesty by this Means being under no Restraint at all, in respect of the present or future Duties on Portugal Wines, so as the Duties on French Wines be continued one Third higher; which, as I believe to be of itself a great advantage to England, so I have had the Satisfaction to see the Parliament, for many Years past, of that Opinion.

I had forgot to mention, that this thing will be a very acceptable thing to Spain likewise, and a Means of obtaining a greater Advantage in our Settlement of Commerce with that Kingdom.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Articles, and Extract, be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report, with relation to the Proceedings of the House of Lords, and Court of Queen's Bench, in the Case of White and Ashby, be made Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill, for the publick registering of all Conveyances, Mortgages, or other Securities, that shall hereafter be made of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered as a Rider, For registering Wills, when they are to be had.

And the same was twice read with a Blank; which was filled up by the House: And then the Rider was

read the Third time, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, For the enrolling all Deeds, that ought to be enrolled.

And the same was once read.

And the Question being put, That the Rider be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That the Register shall not be a Member of Parliament.

And the same was thrice read, and upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That the Register shall not endeavour to persuade Electors to give Votes, or dissuade thelu from giving Votes, in Elections of Members of Parliament.

And the same was twice read, with a Blank for the Penalty; which was filled up by the House with tool, and, Vox.. 14.

yanuarii.

after Conviction, with Disability to hold the Office of Register.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Rider be read the Third time;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Ycas.gj' fr 118.

Tellers for the No } ,33'

So it passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That the Act shall be only temporary.

And the Question being put, That the Rider be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for the publick registering of all Deeds, Conveyances, and Wills, that shall be made of any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the West Riding of the County of York, after the 29th Day of December, 1704.

Ordered, That the Lord Marquis of Hartington do can y the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, take into Consideration the Address from the House of Commons of Ireland to her Majesty, relating to the Linen Manufacture there.

Resolved, That this House will, upob Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, to enlarge the Time, for the Purchasers of the forfeited Estates in Ireland to make the Payment of their Purchase-money.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for the better Relief, Employment, and Settlement of the Poor;

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Eden, Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. Lamplugh, Mr. Dry den, Mr. , Mr. Wylde, Mr.

Holmes, Mr. Yates,be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill, for a Court of Conscience in the City of York, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 21® die Januarii;

Anno 2 Ann® Reginai

Praters.

SIR Robert Eden reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill, to enable John Jenkins, Esquire, to sell Lands in the Counties of Durham and Northumberland, for Payment of Debts charged thereupon, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations in the Bill contained, and found the same to be true; and had considered the Petition to them referred; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the QueJ stion severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Joseph Jekyll reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill, for the erecting a Work house in the City

of

Irish Lined Manufacture;

Irish Forfeitures.

Poor Laws.

Committees.

York City Court of Conscience.

Jenkinfs'

Estate.

Worcester Work house.

292.

'll0 Januarii. 1703.

of Worcester, and for setting the Poor on Work there, was. committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Pill, winch they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then several of them a Second time, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Royal Assent A Message from her Majesty, by Mr. Aston, Deputy to Bill . tjrentleman-ushcV of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Queen commands this honourable House to attend her Majesty immediately in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend her Majesty:

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, that her Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty, by continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for one Year:

And also to the Bill intituled, An Act for naturalizing Elizabeth Cholmondley, the Wife of George Esquire:

And afterwards to make a most gracious Speech to both Houses; which (to prevent any Mistake) he had obtained a Copy of: And he read the same to the House, and is, as folio weth; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

The Queen's THE Misfortune of the King of Spain's being forced Speech re - t)ack upon our Coast by contrary Winds, which I hope of Spam' 108 wiN lose but very little Time, does yet make it so rea-Miecarriage. sonable to hasten our Preparations for this Year's Service, that, though I am very sensible of your Zeal in forwarding all Things relating to mine and the publick Service, yet I cannot but take this Occasion to desire you, with all Earnestness, that you would give the greatest Dispatch to the Business of this Session still depending, which is so necessary for the Good of the common Interest.

Supply Bill; A Bill, to raise Money for carrying on the War, and Annuities. other her Majesty's Occasions, by selling Annuities at several Rates, and for such respective Terms, or Estates,

as are therein mentioned, was (according to Order) read

a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to.a Committee of the whole House.

A Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next,

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill;

An Amendment was proposed, to add, " after the " House had beeu in a Committee, upon the Bills of Resumption of the Grants of the late King and

" King William and Queen Mary."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-ning next (after the House hath been in a Committee upon the Bills of Resumption of the Grants of the late King James, and King William and Queen Mary) resolve itsell into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That I.cave be given to the said Committee, to receive a Clause of Loan to the said Bill.

a

Privilege — Mr. Freeman (according to Order) reported, that the

Actions at Members appointed to search the Journuls of the House in FU '1' ot Lords, touching their Proceedings upon a Writ of t;ons'l_ Error from the Court of Queen's Bench, in a Case between Aylesbury White and Ashby, and what the Lords had done in the

c'use- Case of Soame and Baniadiston, had searched the same

accordingly: And he read in his Place what they found

therein, and he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is, as followeth;

Die Luna, 6 De 1703.

THE House being informed, that the Lord Chief Justice attended with a Writ of Error, he was called in, and in the usual Manner brought into the House a Writ of Error, with a Transcript of the Record, wherein Matthew Ashby is Plaintiff, and William White, and others, Defendants.

DieMartis, 7 Deeembris, 1703.

APPOINTED for Tuesda the 14th Instant.

Die Martis, 14 Deeembris, 1703.

APPOINTED for Tuesday the a 1 st I nstant

Die Luna, 20° Deeembris, 1703.

WHEREAS Tomorrow was appointed for hearing the Errors argued upon the Writ of Error, depending in this House, wherein Matthew Ashby is Plaintiff', and and William White, and others, Defendants; it was put oft' till Thursday next.

Die Mercurii,226 Deeembris, 1703.

WHEREAS Tomorrow was appointed, &c. it was put off till Monday, the 10th Day of January.

Die Martis, 4® J 1703.

WHEREAS Monday next was appointed, &c. it was put off till the 13th of this Instant.

Die Mercurii, 12° J 1703.

WHEREAS Tomorrow was appointed for the hearing, &c. it was put off till Friday, the 14th of this Instant; and all the Judges then to attend.

Die Veneris, 14 'Ja 1703.

AFTER hearing Counsel for arguing Errors upon A Writ‘of Error depending in this House, wherein Matthew Ashby is Plaintiff, and William White, and others, Defendants;

And Debate thereupon;

The Question was put, Whether this Debate shall be adjourned, till Tomorrow Morning:

It was resolved in the Negative.

And after further Debate;

The Question was put, Whether this Judgment shall be reversed:

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Dissentient.

Scarsdale Rochester, //. London, Tho. Roff'cn, Guernsey,

G. Asaph, Guildford.

JFey mouth, Northampton, Abingdon, Granville,

N. Cestriens. Gower,

AFTER hearing Counsel at the Bar, to argue the Errors assigned upon the Writ of Error, brought into this House from her Majesty's Court of Queen's Bench the 6th Day of December, 1703, wherein Judgment is' entered for William White, Ri Talboys, Belt,

and Richard Heydon, against Matthew Ashby: after due Consideration of what was offered thereupon; It is this Day ordered and adjudged by 'the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, that the said Judgment given in the Court of Queen's Bench, for the said William White, Richard Talboys, William Bell, and Richard Heydon, shall be, and is, hereby reversed: And it is further ordered, That the Plaintiff Matthew Ashby, do recover his Damages by the Jury assessed in the Queen's Bench, and also do recover the further Sum of Ten Pounds, for his Costs, in this behalf sustained, by this Court to him adjudged.

The Tenor of which Judgment to-be affixed to the Record, to be remitted.

Die Veneris, 24® Mail, 1689.

THIS Day the Lord Chief Justice of the Court of King's Bench, brought into this House a Transcript 13 of

2 ANtf. 2i° Januarii.

of a Writ of Error, to reverse a Judgment given against Barnardiston, at the Suit of Soame.

Die Sabbati,25® Maii, 1 G89.

WHEREAS Sir Samuel Barnardiston brought his 'Writ of Error into this House, and hath assigned Errors thereupon, to which Sir JVm. Soams was Defendant, who left Dame Katherine Soams, his Widow, his Executrix; and the House being moved, that the said Dame Kath. Soames may join Issue thereupon; It is Ordered by the Lords Spiritual and Tetnporal, in Parliament assembled. That the said Dame Katherine Soames be, and is hereby, required to join Issue in the said Writ, on or before Thursday next, being the 30th Instant, at Ten a Clock in the Forenoon; whereof the said Sir Samuel Barnardiston is to cause Notice to be given to the said Dame Soame, to the end she join Issue accordingly.

Die Sabbati, 1 Junii, 1689.

THE House being moved, for a Day of Hearing; it was appointed to be heard on Saturday, the 8th Instant

Die Sabbati, 8 1689.

COUNSEL appeared for the Plaintiff who was heard; but none appeared for the Defendant; and Judgment was suspended till Monday next.

Die Lunce, 10° Junii [ ], 1689.

AFTER hearing JVm.Mountague, Esquire, give his Reasons for his Judgment in that Case, and ..... Clerks were appointed, to inspect the Books, concerning Proxies being used in Cases of Judicature, and the Judges to attend Tomorrow.

Die Martis, 11° Junii, 1689.

COUNSEL appointed to be heard on Friday, to reply to Mr. Mountague1s Reasons.

Die Veneris, is? Junii, 1689.

COUNSEL was heard, and all the Judges ordered to give their Opinions on the 25th Instant.

Die Martis, 25 1689.

THE House heard the Opinion of all the Judges in the Case of Sir Samuel Barnardiston, upon his Writ of Error depending in this House.

And the Question being put, Whether to go on in the Debate of this Business now;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

After Debate; the Question being put, Whether to reverse the Reversal of the Judgment, given between Sir Samuel Barnardiston and Sir Soams;

It was resolved in the Negative.

Leave is given to several Lords to enter their Dissent to the abovesaid Question; and accordingly do enter their Dissents, in the Reasons ensuing:

1st, Because it is a denying Sir Samuel Barnardiston the Benefit of Law, which gives Relief in all Wrong and Injury; and though this be an Action of the first Impression, yet, here being a Damage to the Plaintiff, the Common Law gives him this Action, to repair himself; and, if it were not so, there would be a Failure of Justice; which cannot be admitted.

2dly, Because the allowing this Reversal tends towards the giving the Power and Encouragement to Sheriffs to make false and double Returns; by which means the Right of Elections will be avoided; and it tends thereby to the packing of a House of Commons, which may overturn the whole Frame of the Government, and establish what Religion and Government a pack'd Parliament shall think fit.

Bolton, , Stamford,

Macklesfeild, Herbert,

P. Wharton.

WHEREAS by virtue bf their M'ajesties Writ of Privilege- ' Error, returnable into the House of Peers, a Record Actions at , of the Court of King's Bench was brought into this jngW£i fCt House the 24th of May, 1689, with the Transcript tions. — thereof, wherein Judgment is entered for Sir William Bamardistod Soame against Sir Samuel Barnardiston, upon which Writ v

Errors being assigned; after heating Counsel at the Bar to argue the said Errors assigned, and due Consideration had of what was offered thereupon; The Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, do order and adjudge, that the Judgment, given in the Exchequer, tot the Reversal of the Judgment given in the Court of King's Bench for Sir Samuel Barnardiston against Sir William Soame, be, and is hereby, affirmed; and that the said Whit of Error, and Transcript annexed, be remitted to the Court of King's Bench.

The Tenour of which Judgment, to be affixed to the Transcript to be remitted, follows:

Et postea, scilicet vicesiino quarto die Maii, anno Regis Domini Gulielmi et Domina; Maria?, nunc Regis et Rc-ginfie Angliag, primo,transcriptum recordi et processus pne-dictorum inter partes prredictas, cum omnibus ea tangenti-bus, praetextu cujusdam brevis de errore corrigendo, per prafatum Samuelcm Barnardiston in praeinissis prosecut' diet' Domini fa] Reg' et Regina? in pra:senti Parliainento, a pr&dicta Curia dictorum Domini Regis et Regime hie transmissum suit: pnedictus [6] Samuel in eadem Curia Parliament comparens, diversas causas et matcrias pro erroribus in recordo et processu prrcdictis, pro revocation© et adnullatione judicii praedicti, assignavit; et postea, scilicet, vicesimo quinto die Junii, anno dictorum Domini et Domina) Regis et Reginae supradicto, in prtedicta Curia Parliamenti praedicti, visis, etper Curiam ibidem diligenter examinatis, et plenius intellects, tam recordo et processu pradictis, in [cjjudicio super iisdem reddito quam errore superius assignato, pro eo quod videtur Curiae Parliamenti praedicti, quod recordum illud in nullo vitiosum aut de-fectivum existit, et quod recordo illo [</] suit erratum; ft] adtunc et ibidem consideratum cst per eandem Curiam Parliamenti praedicti, quod judicium pnedictuin in omnibus affirmetur, et in omni suo robore stet et effectu.

Mr. Brewer also reported, that the Members appointed Aylesbury

had also searched the Offices of the Court of Queen's -'use' Bench, for the Judgment and Proceedings there in the Case of Ashby and White, and had obtained a Copy of the Record of the Judgment: Which he delivered in at the Clerk's Table; which is, as followeth;

[f] Placita coram Domino Rege apud Westmonaste-rium, de Termino Sancti Hillarii, anno regui Domini Willielmi tertii, nunc Regis Anglia?, &c. decimo tertio, Rot. 460.

Bucks, ss. MATTIIj£US Ashby ponit loco suo Robertum Greenway, juniorem, Attornatum suum, versus Willielmum White, Ricardum Talboys, Willielmum Bell, et Ricardum Heydon, de placito transgressionia super casum.

Ss. Willielmus White, Ricdrdus Talboys, Willielmus Bell, et Ricardus Heydon, ponunt loco suo Johannem Burnham Attornatum suum, versus Matthaeum Ashby, de placito praedicto.

Ss. Memorandum, quod alii\s, scilicet, Termino Sancti Michaelis ultimd praeterito, comm Domino Rege apud Westmonasterium veuit Matthteus Ashby, per Robertum Greenw'ay, juniorem, Attornatum suum, etprotulit hie in Curia dicti Domini Regis tunc ibidem quandam billain suam versus Willielmum White, Ricardum Talboys, Willielmum Bell, et Ricardum Heydon, in custodia Ma-rescalli, &c. de placito transgression is super casum; et sunt plegcs de prosequendo, scilicet, Johannes Doe et Ricardus Roe: Quae quidem billa sequitur in h®c verba; scilicet:

Bucksi

The Word " Ju/ii is by Mistake here written, both in the Journal, and the original Report, instead of " Junii ' [a] In the Copy of this

inserted in the said Copy. [t] This Record is printed from the Copy, delivered in to the House, the Transcript thereof in the Journal being very imperfect, and erroneous.

Vol. I4. 4 E

294 ai 0 JanuaA. 1703.

Privily — Bucks, ss. Matthaeus Ashby queritur de Willielmo

Ricardo Talboys, Willielmo Bell, et Ricardo ingT:iec-PCC Heydon, in custodia MarescalliMarescaltiae Domini Regis tioiu: coram ipso Rege existentibus, pro eo videlicet, quod dim

Aylesbury vicesimo sexto die Decembris, anno regni Domini Willi-La5e‘ elmi tertii, nunc Re is Angliae, duodecimo, 6

Curia Cajicellariae ipsius Domini Regis nunc, apud West-monasterium, in comitatu Middlesex, emanavit quoddam breve ipsius Domini Regis nunc, tunc vicecomiti comitates Bucks praedicti directum, recitando [a], quod dictus Dominus Rex, deadvisamento et asSensu Conciliisui, pro quibusdam artluis et urgentibus negotiis, eundein Domi-num Regem, statum et defensionera regni sui Angliae, et ecclesiae Anglicanan, concernentibus, quoddam Parliamentum suum apud civitatem suam Westmonastcrii, sexto die Februarii tunc proximo futuro, teneri ordinave-rit, et ibidem cum Prrelatis, Magnatibus, et Proceribus, dicti regni sui colloquium habere et tractatum; idem Dominus Rex nunc eidetn tunc vicecomiti comitatfts Bucks per dictum breve praecepit, firmiterinjungens, quod, factA. pro-clamatione in proximo comitatu suo postreceptionem jus-dem brevis tenendo, de die et loco prsedictis, duos Milites, gladiis cinctos, rnagis idoneos et discretos, comitatfis praedicti, et qualibet civitate comitaths illius duos Cives, et de quolibet burgo duos Burgenses, de discretioribus et magis sufficientibus, liberb et indifferenter per illos, qui hujusmodi proclamationi interforent, juxta formam sta-tuti inde editi et provisi, eligi, et nomina eorundem Mi-litum, Civium, et Burgensium, sic eligendorum, in quibusdam indenturis, inter ipsum tunc vicecomitem, et illos, qui hujusmodi electioni interforent, inde conficiendis (licet hujusmodi eligendi praesentcs forent, vel absentes) inseri, eosque ad dictos diem et locum venire faceret; ita quod iidem Milites plenam et sufficientem potestatem pro se et communitate comitatfls illius, ac dicti Cives et Burgenses pro se et communitate civitatum et burgorum prse-dictorum, divisim ab ipsis haberent, ad faciendum et consentiendum hiis, qua tunc ibidem de communi Con-cilio dicti regni ipsius Domini Regis nunc (favente Domino) contingerent ordinari super negotiis ante-dictis; ita quod pro defectu potestatis hujusmodi, seu propter impro-vidam electionem Militum, Civium, aut Burgensium pnedictorum, dicta negotia infecta non remanerent quo-vismodo; et electionem illam, in pleno comitatu ipsius tunc vicecomitis factam distinct et apert£, sub sigilio suo, et sigillis eorum, qui electioni illi interforent, eidem Domino Regi nunc in Cancellaria sua ad dictos diem et locum certificaret indilatk; remittens eidem Domino Regi alteram partem indenturarnm praodictarum, eidem brevi consutam, un& cum brevi illo: Quod quidem breve postea, et ante praedictum sextum diem Februarii, in brevi praedicto mentionatum, scilicet, vicesimo nono die Decembris, anno duodecimo supradicto, apud burgum de Aylesbury, in dicto comitatu Bucks, cuidam Roberto W'eedon, armigero, adtunc vicecomiti ejusdem comi-tatus Bucks, deliberatum suit, in forma juris exequendum; virtute cujus quidem brevis praedictus Robertus Weedon, vicecomes comitatfts Bucks praedicti, ut pracfertur, tunc et ibidem existens, postea, et ante praedictum sextum diem Februarii, scilicet, tricesimo die Decembris, anno duodecimo supradicto, apud burgum de Aylesbury prae-dictum, in dicto comitatu Bucks, fecit quoddam praeceptum suum in scriptis, sub sigilio ipsius Roberti Weedon officii sui vicecomitis comitat&s Bucks praedicti, Constabulariis burgi de Aylesbury praedicti directum, recitand' [ ] diem et locum Parliamenti praedicti tenendi, proinde eos requirens, et eis in mandato dans, quod, facti proclamatione infra burgum praedictum de die et loco in eodem praecepto recitatis, causarent libere et indifferenter eligi duos Burgenses burgi illius, dc discretioribus et magis sufficientibus, per ipsos, qui hujusmodi proclamationi interforent, juxta formam statuti in talihus casibus editi et provisi, et nomina dictorum Burgensium, sic clectorum, licet prtesentcs forent vcj absentes, inseri in quibusdam indenturis inter dictum vicecomitem, et illos, qui haberent interesse in hujusmodi electione; et quod cos venire fa-

fa] Sic Orig. [5] Sic

cerent ad diem et locum in eodem praecepto recitatos; ita quod dicti Burgenses haberent plenam et sufficientem potestatem pro se et communitate burgi praedicti, ad faciendum et consentiendum hiis, quae tunc ibidem de communi Concilio dicti regni (favente Domino) contingerent ordinari super negotiis antedictis; ita quod, pro defectu hujusmodi potestatis, aut propter improvidam electionem Burgensium praedictorum, dicta negotia infecta non remanerent; et quod electionem indilate eidem tunc vice-comiti certificarent, mittentes eidem vicecomiti alteram partem indenturarum praedictarum, dicto praecepto an-nexam, ut idem vicecomes eandem certificaret dicto Domino Regi in Cancellaria sua, ad diem et locum praedictos; Quod quidem praeceptum postea, etantepraedictum sextum diem Februarii, scilicet, eodem tricesimo die Decembris, anno supradicto, apud burgum de Aylesbury praedictum, in dicto comitatu Bucks, eisdem Willielmo White, Ricardo Talboys, Willielmo Bell, et Ricardo Heydon, ad tuncet usque ad et post retornatum ejusdem brevis Constabulariis burgi de Aylesbury praedicti.existentibus, in forma juris exequendum, deliberatum suit, quibus quidem Willielmo White, Ricardo Talboys, Willielmo Bell, et Ricardo Heydon, ratione officii sui praedicti Constabulariorum burgi praedicti, executio praecepti illius de jure adtunc et ibidem pertinuit; virtute cujus quidem praecepti, ac vi-gore brevis praedicti, burgenses burgi praedicti existentes, in ca parte debits prcemoniti, postea, et ante praedictum sextuin diem Februarii, scilicet, sexto die Januarii, anno duodecimo supradicto, apud burgum de Aylesbury praedictum, coram eisdem Willielmo White, Ricardo Talboys, Willielmo Bell, et Ricardo Heydon, Constabulariis burgi praedicti, assemblati fuerunt, ad duos Burgenses pro burgo illo eligendos, secunditm exigentiam brevis et praecepti praedictorum; ac, durante assemblatione ilia ad intentionem illam, et antequam hujusmodi duo Burgenses virtute brevis et praecepti praedictorum electi fuerunt [c], scilicet, die et anno ultimd supradictis, apud burgum de Aylesbury praedictum, in comitatu praedicto, idem Matthaeus Ashby, adtunc et ibidem existens burgensis et in-habitans burgi praedicti, et eleemosynas ibidem aut alibi adtunc, aut antea, non recipiens, sed debits qualificatus et intitulatus existens ad suffragium suum ad eligendos duos Burgenses pro burgo praedicto, secundhin exigentiam brevis et praecepti praedictorum, dandum coram eisdem Willielmo White, Ricardo Talboys, Willielmo Bell, et Ricardo Heydon, quatuor, Constabulariis burgi illius, quibus tunc et ibidem debits pertinuit ad suft'ragium ipsius Matthaei Ashby de et in pracmissis capiendum, et allocandum, paratus suit, et obtulit suffragium suum dare pro eiigendo Thomam Lee, baronuettum, et Simonem Mayne, annigerum, duos Burgenses pro Parliamento illo, virtute et secundffm exigentiam brevis et praecepti praedictorum, ac suffragium ipsius Matthaei Ashby adtunc et ibidem de juredebuit admitti, et praedicti Willielinus White, Ricardus Talboys, Willielmus Bell, et Ricardus Heydon, sic Constabularii burgi praedicti tunc ct ibidem existentes, adtunc et ibidem requisiti fuerunt per ipsum Matthaeum Ashby ad suft'ragium ipsius Matthaei Ashby praedicti in praemissis recipiendum, et allocandum; iidem tainen Willielmus White, Ricardus Talboys, Willielmus Bell, et Ricardus Heydon, adtunc et ibidem, ut praefertur,-Constabularii burgi praedicti existentes, praemissorum non ignari,sed machinantes, et fraudulenter et malitiose inten-dentes, eundem Matthaeum Ashby in hac parte dampnifi-care, et de privilegio suo de et in praemissis praedictis im-pedire, et totaliter frustrare, eundem Matthaeum Ashby suffragium suum in ea parte dare adtunc et ibidem ob-struxerunt, et adtunc et ibidem penitus recusaverunt ad eundem Matthaeum Ashby suffragium suum pro eiigendo duos Burgenses pro burgo illo ad Parliamentum praedictum dare permittendum, ac suffragium ipsius Matthaei pro electione ilia non receperunt, neque allocaverunt, ac duo Burgenses de burgo illo pro Parliamento praedicto, praedicto Matthaeo Ashby sic, ut praefertur, excluso, sine ali-quo suffragio ipsius Matthaei Ashby, adtunc et ibidem virtute brevis et pnecepti praedictorum electi fuerunt, in>

enervation

[c] " suit," Orig.

4 Ann, si" J

enervatione prffidicti privilegii ipsius Matthffii Ashby dc et in prsemissis praedictis; unde idem Matthaeus Ashby dicit, quod ipse deterioratus est, et dampnum habet, ad valenciam duceutarum librarum; et inde producit sec-tain, &c.

Et modi ad hunc diem, scilicet, Veneris proximo post octabas Sancti Hillarii, isto eodem Termino usque quern diem prffidicti Willielmus White, Ricardus Talboys, Wil-lielmus Bell, et Ricardus Heydon, habuerunt licentiam ad billam pnedictam interloquendi, et tunc ad respondendum, &c. coram Domino Rege apud Westmonasterium veniunt, tarn pried ictus Matthaeus Ashby, per Attornatum suum praedictum, quim prffidicti Willielmus White, Ricardus Talboys, Willielmus Bell, et Ricardus Heydon, per Johanncm Burnham, Attornatum suum; et lidem W;illielmus White, Ricardus Talboys, Willielmus Bell, et Ricardus Heydon, defendunt vim et injuriam, quando, &c. et dicunt, quod ipsi non sunt inde culpabiles; et de hoc ponunt se super patriam; et pnedictus Matthaeus Ashby similiter, &c. Ideo ven-ant inde juratores coram Domino Rege apud Westmonasterium, die Jovis proximo post octabas Purificationis beatae Marias Virginis; et qui nec, &c. ad recognoscendura, &c. quia tarn, &c. Idem dies datus est partibus pnedictis ibidem, &c. Postea continuatur inde processus inter partes praedictaS, de placito praedicto, per Juratam positam inde inter eas in respectu, coram Domino Rege apud Westmonasterium, usque diem Mercurii proximo post quindenas Paschae extunc proximo eequentem, nisi Justiciarii Domini Regis, ad Assisas in co-mitatu praedicto capiendas assignati, prius die Lunae, nono die Martii, apud Aylesbury, in coinitatu praedicto, per formam statuti, &c. vinirent, pro defectu juratorum, &c. ante quern diem dictus Dominus Willielmus tertius, nuper Rex Angliae, &c. diem suum clausit extremum; ac etiam ante eundem diem loquela praedicta adjomata suit per breve Dominae Annae, nunc Regin® Angliae, &c. de communi adjomamento, coram eadem Domina Regina apud Westmonasterium, usque k die PaschaB in tres septimanas; ad quas quidem tres septimanas Paschae, coram eadem Domine Regina apud Westmonasterium, venit praedictus Matthaeus Ashby, per Attornatum suum praedictum; et prffifati Justiciarii, coram [a] qui bus, &c. miserunt hie record um snum coram eis habitum, in haec verba; scilicet: Postea, di et loco infra-contentis, coram Edwardo Ward, milite, capitale Barone Scaccarii Dominae Annae, nunc Regina Angliae, &c. et nuper capitali Barone Scaccarii Domini Willielmi tertii, nuper Regis Anglia;, et Thoma Knight, armigero, Me vice associato eidem Edwardo Ward, et Thoma Bury, milite, tino Baronum Scaccarii dictae Dominae Reginae nunc, et nuper uno Baronum Scaccarii dicti nuper Regis, Justici-ariis ipsius Dominae Reginae, ad assisas in comitatu Bucks Capiendas assignatis, per formam statuti, &c. (praesenfe praefato Thoma Bury non expectato) virtute brevis de si non omnes, &c. venerunt, tarn infra-nominatus Matthaeus Ashby, qMm infra-scripti Willielmus White, Ricardus Talboys, Willielmus Bell, et Ricardus Heydon, per Attornatos suos infra-contentos, et juratores Juratae, unde infra fit mentio, exacti, similiter venerunt; qui ad ve-ritatem de infra-contentis dicendam electi, triati, et jurati, dicunt super sacramentum suum quod prffidicti Willielmus White, Ricardus Talboys, Willielmus Bell, et Ricardus Heydon, sunt culpabiles de praemissis, in nar-ratione infra-scri pta interius eis impositis, modo et formd, prout praedictus Matthaeus interius verius eos queritur; et assident dampna ipsius Matthtei, occasione infra-contenta, ultra misas et custagia sua per ipsum circa sectara suam in hac parte apposita, ad quinque libras, et pro misis ct custagiis illius, ad quadraginta solidos: Sed quia Curia dictae Dominae Reginae nunc hie de judicio suo de et super praemissis reddendo nondum advisatur, dies inde datus est praefato Matthaeo Ashby, coram Domina Regina apud Westmonasterium, usque diem Veneris proximo post crastitium Sanctae Tri-nitatis, de judicio suo inde audiendo, eo quod Curia dicta

[a] " quorum," Qrig.

Vql. 14. 13

inuatii. 295

Dominae Rqpnm nunc hk ini le hondum, &c. Ad quern diem, coram Domina Regirt a apud Wrestmonasterium, venit praedictas Matthaeurt Asl iby, per Attornatum suum praedictum; sed, qui Curia dictae Dominae Reginae nunc hk de judicio suo deet sniper praemissis reddendo nondum advisatur dies inde dat us est praefato Matthaeo Ashby, coram Domina Regina apud Westmonasterium, usque diem Veneris proximo po st tres septimanas Sancti Michaelis, de judicio suo inde a udiendo, eo quod Curia diet® Dominae Regin® nunc hie inde nondum, &c. Ad quern diem, coram Domina Regina apud Westmonasterium, venit pr®dictas Matthieus Ashby, per Attornatum suum pr®dictum; sed quia. Curia diet® Domin® Regin® nunc hie dc judicio suo de et super pr®naissus reddendo nondum advisatur, dies inde datus est pr®fato Matthaeo Ashby, corara Domina Regina apud Westmonasterium, usque diem Sabbati proxink post octabas Sancti Hillarii, de judicio suo incle audiendo, eo quod Curia diet® Domin® Regin® nunc hie inde nondum, &c. Ad quern diem, coarm Domina Regina apud Westmona-sterium, venit pnedictus Matthaus Ashby, per Attornatum suum praedictum; sed quia Curia diet® Domin® Regin® nunc hie de judicio suo de et super pramissis reddendo nondum advisatur, dies inde datus est praefato Matth®o Ashby, coram Domine Regina apud Westmonasteriuni, usque diem Mercurii proxiuk post quindenas Pasch®, de judicio suo inde audiendo, eo quod Curia diet® Domin® Regin® nunc hie inde nondum, &c. Ad quern diem, coram Domina Regina apod Westmonasterium, venit pradictas Matthaus Ashby, per Attornatum suum prffi-dictum; sed quia Curia diet® Domin® Regin® nunc hifc de judicio suo de et super pramissis reddendo nondum advisatur, dies inde datus est prafato Matth®o Ashby, coram Domina Regina apud Westmonasterium, usque diem Veneris proximo post crastinum Sanct® Trinitatis, dc judicio suo inde audiendo, eo quod Curia diet® Domin® Regina nunc hie inde nondum, &c. Ad quern die®, coram Domina Regina apud Westmonasterium, venit pr®-dictus Matthaus Ashby, per Attornatum suum pradictum; sed quia Curia diet® Domin® Regin® nunc hie de judicio suo do et super pr®missis reddendo nondum advisatur, dies inde datus est prafato Matth®o Ashby, coram Do-mina Regina apud Westmonasterium, usque diem Sab-bati proxink post tres septimanas Sancti Michaelis, de judicio suo inde audiendo, eo quod Curia diet® Domini Regin® nunc hie inde nondum, &c. Ad quern diem, coram Domina Regina apud Westmonasterium, venit prffidictus Matthaus Ashby, per Attornatum suum prffi-dictum; super quo visis, et per Curiam diet® Domin® Regin® nunc hie plenius intellectis, omnibus et singulis pramissis, maturique deliberationeinde habits, considers-tum est, quod pradictas Matthaus Ashby nil capiat per billam suam pnt'dictam, sed pro falso clamore suo sit inde in misericordia, &c. et prffidicti Willielmus White, Ricardus Talboys, Willielmus Bell, Ricardus Heydon, eant inde sine die, &c.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Reports.

Ordered \That the same Members do also search the Offices of the Court of Queen's Bench, what Proceeding were there in the Case of Barnadislon and Soafne, and for a Copy of the Record of the Judgment in that Case, and report the same to the House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for reusing the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock,

Privilege Actions at Law respect ing Elections: Aylesbury Case.

Ways

and Means.

Leave of Absence.

Worcester

Work-house.

Style's

Estate.

LegVa

Estate.

9 > a 2° Januarii. A. 1703.

Sabbati, 22 die Januarii;

Anno 2° Annae Regina.

Prayers.

ORDER E D, That Srir Edmund Denton have Leave to go into the Country for Ten Days, upon extraordinary Occasions.

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill, for the erecting a Work-house in the City of , and for setting the Poor on Work there, was committed.

And the Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the Bill, were severally read a Second time, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments be ingrossed.

A Petition of Dame Margaret Style, Widow, Relict, and Executrix of Sir Thomas Style, late of in the County of Kent, Baronet, deceased, on her own Behalf, and on the Behalf of Sir Tho. Style, Baronet, Son and Heir of the said Sir Tho. Style, deceased, and Margaret Style, Daughter of the said Sir Tho. Style, deceased, both by the said Dame Margaret, his Second Wife, and both of theyi under the Age of 21 Years, Elizabeth Carter, Widow, Thomas Dalliso Esquire, on the Behalf of Thomas Dallison and Eliz. Dallison, Son and Daughter of the said Tho. Dallison, and of Susan his late Wife, deceased, both under the Age of 2t Years, John Marryot, Esquire, and Anne his Wife (which said Carter, Susan Dallison, and Anne Manyot, were the Daughters of the said Sir Tho. Style, Baronet, deceased, by Eliz. his First Wife) was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said Sir Thomas Style, was, in his Life-time, seised of divers Manors, Lands, and Tenements, and also possessed of a considerable personal Estate; after whose Death divers Controversies arose between the Petitioners, concerning their several Rights and Shares therein; to end which, they have come to an amicable Agreement amongst themselves, for dividing the said Estate; but are advised, the Agreement cannot be established, without an Act of Parliament, by reason of the Nonage of several of the Petitioners: And praying, that Leqve may be given to bring in a Bill, to establish and confirm a Partition, and the said Agreement, of, and touching, the Estate of the said Sir Thomas Style, the Father.

Ordered, That Lpave be given to bring in a Bill, according to die Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Brewer and Mr. Toke, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of Anne Baskerville, an infant, by Mary Baskervyle, Widow, her Mother and Guardian, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that Lawrence Baskervyle, the Petitioner Ann's Grandfather, did, in his Life-time, by Articles, contract with Tho. Legh, Esquire, for the Sale of Grange, and other

Lands and Premises in Winckle and Sutton, in the County of Chester, and Part of the Purchase-money was paid; but, before the Conveyances were duly executed, the said Laurence died, considerably indebted, and his Creditors are very pressing for their Money: That there is a Bill in the House for vesting the Estate of the said. Tho. Legh, deceased, in Trustees, for the Payment of his Debts, perfecting his Purchases, and better effecting the Purposes of his-Will; but, in regard the Petitioner Anne (who is Heir at Law to the said Lawrence) is under Age, she cannot execute a Conveyance of the said Premises, and the Trustees in the Bill may scruple the Payment of . rest of the Purchase-money (though she is willing it should be applied to pay the said Creditors) unless the same bo obviated by the said Bill: Anti praying, that Care may be taken of the Petitioner, and her Grandfather's Creditors, by the said Bill, before the same do pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Sw'Thomas Hftrnnore reported from the Committee, to Lord whom the Bill, for the confirming, and better Execution, 5 n 8 of Articles, and the Agreements therein contained, for the Disposition and Division of the Estate of the late Lord Jermyn among his Coheirs, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments be ingrossed.

Mr. Dri/den (according to Order) presented to the Ferrar's House a Bill, to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Debt to the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to Crown compound with John Ferrar, Esquire, for a Debt due from him, as Surety for John Mason, Gentleman, late Receiver-general for the County of Huntington, and Isle of Ely;and the same was received, and read the First

time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill, to enable Sir JohnCoicper, Knight, and Anthony Cowper's Henley, Esquire, to make Partition, and grant building Estat . Leases, of several Messuages and Tenements in Lincoln's Inn Fields, in the Parish of St. Giles in the Fields, and St. Clement's Danes, in the County of Middlesex, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bertie,

Sir William Bowes, Mr. Stringer, Mr. Jennens, Mr. Gery,

Mr. King, Mr. Woollaston, Mr. Smith, Mr. Mansell, Mr.

Conyers, Mr. Clayton, Sir Chr. Hales, Mr. Hunger ford,

Mr. Granvill, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Manly, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Brewer, Sir Brian Stapleton. Mr. Dormer,

Mr. Topham, Mr. Blofeld, Mr. Compton, Mr. Gape, Mr.

Goring, Mr. Toke, Mr. Herne, Mr. Curson, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Levinz, Mr. Eyres, Mr. Gulston, Sir Kay, Mr. North, Mr. Crosse, Mr. Hayes, Sir Tho. Pelham,

Sir Tho. Hales, Mr. Ward: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of Isabella D uchess of G raft on was presented Resumption to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Peti- of Grants, tioner, as Executrix of Henry late Duke of Grafton, is possessed of Three-fourth Parts of Havering Park, in Essex, for the Remainder of a Term of 99 Years; to be renewed by Queen Dowager, from time to time, to 31 Years, at 150/. per Annum Rent: That the said Duke having contracted great Debts for the Service of their late Majesties, they, by their letters Patents, dated the 13th March, in the 5th Year of their Reign, did grant to John Hampden and Tho. Corel/, Gentlemen, in Trust for the Petitioner, the said Three-fourth Parts of the said Park, for 99 Years, after the aforesaid Term, at 20 per Annum Rent only, from the Death of Queen Dowager:

That the Petitioner hath paid, for the Debts of the said Duke, more than the Value of the said Term in Remainder, or any other his personal Estate; whereby she is become a Purchaser of the said {th Parts, for a valuable Consideration: And praying, that a saving Clause in the Petitioner's Behalf, may be inserted in the Bill, now depend-in the House, for resuming several Grants, made by their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary (of glorious Memory) or by the said late King William.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of John Carryl, Esquire, was presented to Ditto, the House, and read; setting forth, that John Carryll, the Petitioner's Uncle, was only Tenant for Life of the Manor of West Harding, and Hundred of Dan ford, in Sussex, and went into France, as an attendant only of the

late

2 Ann.

22° Januariu 297

late King James's Queen, and never was in Arms, and is now about 78 Years of Age: That by a Commission and Inquisition, issued in 16p/>, all his real and personal Estate was seized into his late Majesty's Hands (as outlawed for High Treason) and w as found to be seised in Fee of several other Estates, that were vested in the Petitioner long before the said Outlawry; and the whole w as granted by his late Majesty to a Person of Honour, for his Services, who endeavoured to evict the Petitioner out of his Estate, but could and some Proposals being made, to the Petitioner, he, to preserve the Estate from Waste, paid above 6,000l. for the said Grantee's Interest: That there is a Bill depending in the House, for resuming several Grants, made by their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary (of glorious Memory) or by the said late King William :And praying, that a saving Clause may be inserted in the said Bill, for the Petitioner.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Kesnmption A Petition of Samuel hunt. Carpenter, John Chaplaine,

of Grants. Joiner, William Oram, Plaisterer, George Backhouse, Glazier, Eduard Salisbury and Joshua Executors

of Thomas Martyr, Painter, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners performed several Works in several Houses in Porter and Street, in St.Jim's, Westminster, which were the Houses of Tho. Price, Goldsmith, who was indebted to the late King James, and his Estate was seized, when there was above 800l. due to the Petitioners: That afterwards his late Majesty granted the said Premises to Ralph Cooke, Esquire, in Trust for the lady Orkney, and, upon the Petitioners Application, the said Cook assigned over to them Three of the said Houses, towards Satisfaction of their said Debt: And ptaying, that a Clause may be inserted in the Bill, for resuming several Grants, made by their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, for saving tho Petitioners Right to the said Three Houses.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ditto. A Petition of Charles Esquire, was pre-

sented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner's Father was entitled to a Farm, called Frog-more, in Berks, by' a Lease from King Charles the 2d: That King James the 2d, in Consideration of the Surrender of the said Lease, in which there was about 30 Years to come, and that the Petitioner's Father should build a new Mansion-house upon the said Premises, did grant him a new Term of 60 Years; and the Petitioner's Father did accordingly build a new Mansion-house, and laid out much more Money, than the real Value of both the said Leases: That the late King William, by his Letters Patents, dated 26th May, in the 11 th Year of his Reign, did demise the said Premises to the Petitioner's Father, for 99 Years, from the Date thereof, in Consideration of the Surrender of divers Lands, and 1,307/. really paid: And praying such Relief in the Premises as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be refereed to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for resuming several Grants, made by their late: Majesties King William and Queen Mary (of glorious Memory) or by the said late King William, is committed.

Ditto. A Petition of Isaac Ashton was presented to the House,

and read; setting forth, that the late King James the 2d, in 1688, granted the Manor of Stoughton Magna, in Huntingtonshire, and several other Lands, to

Oglethoip (since deceased) for 21 Years; and their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary granted the same Premises (after the End of that Lease) to William Ilarbord, Esquire, deceased, for 99 Years; out of which . Estate the Petitioner is entitled to several Sums of Money, upon several Incumbrances, made many Years before 1684; which Right, the Petitioner is advised, may be destroyed by the Bill, for resuming several Grants, made

VOL. 14.

by his late Majesty King James the 2d: And praying, that a Clause may be inserted in the said Bill, for saving the Petitioner's Right in the said Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Ann Scudamore, Widow and Relict of Scudamore' Ambrose Scudamore, Esquire, deceased, William Scuda- Estale more, Esquire, Son and Heir of the said Ambrose, and Ambrose Scudamore and Robert the Two

younger Sons of the said Ambrose Scudamore, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said Ambrose, the Father, purchased several Lands and Premises, and afterwards mortgaged the same for 1,400l. and also became indebted to several other Persons in about 600 /. and then made a Settlement of the purchased Premises, to himself, for Life, and afterwards upon his Wife, for Life, and afterwards to his Sons.

Ambrose and Robert, and their Lleirs: That the 1,400l. remains an Incumbrance upon the Premises, which will but little more than pay the Interest of the Mortgage Money, by Perception of Profits; and William Scudamore, being willing to pay his Father's Debts, hath agreed to pay his younger Brothers, Ambrose and Robert, 70.0 /. a-piece, if he might have their Benefit by the said Settlement, which w ould be much for their Advantage; but the same cannot be done, without an Act of Parliament, by-reason of the Infancy of the said Ambrose and Robert:

And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for Sale of Part of the Estate of the said Ainbrosc, deceased, for Payment of the Mortgage Money and Debts chargeable thereupon, and for disposing of the Residue of the Money, for the Benefit of the said Ann and William Scudamore.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr.

Cox, Mr. Meyrick, and Mr. Colchester, do prepare, and

bring in, the Bill.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act wheeler's to enable Sir George Wheeler, Knight, and Doctor in Estate. Divinity, to make Leases of Houses and Ground in Channon Row, in Westminster, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert'

Eden, Mr. Granvill, Mr. Meyrick, Mr. Conyers, Mr.

Trefusis, Sir Tho. Davall, Mr. Mason, Sir Bowes, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. Wimtanley, Mr. wright, Mr. Crosse, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Fagg, Sir Mordent, Mr. liar pur, Mr. A ayMr. Blofeld, Sir Wm. Hustler, Mr. Lawson, Mr. Clayton, Mr.

Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. Webb, Mr. Sayers: And they ate to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Blathwaite (according to Order) presented to the Punishing House a Bill, for punishing Officers and Soldiers, who Mutiny and shall mutiny, or desert her Majesty's Service, in England Lestrlion-or Ireland, and for punishing false Musters, and for better Payment of Quarters in England, for the Year 1704; and the same was received.

A Petition of Bernard Cotton, Esquire, was presented CYttnn to the House, and read; setting forth, that by reason of Estate, several Debts contracted by the Petitioner's Father, and himself, he has been forced to sell Part of his Estate, which has not been sufficient to pay all his Debts; and his Wife, and her Relations, are so sensible of the ill Consequences, that will attend their Family, if the rest are not paid, that they are desirous, some Part of the Estate, settled upon the Petitioner's Marriage, should be sold for that Purpose; but by reason of precedent Settlements, and for that some Writings, to clear the Title to the Premises already sold, were unfortunately burnt, the same cannot be effected, nor the Purchasers secured in their Titles, without an Act of Parliament: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for confirming

4 E the

Supply Bill; Taxon Places and Pensions'

Public

Accounts

Ditto.

Raising the Militia

Examination of suspected Persons by Lords

Westminster, &c. Nightly Watch.

Proceedings in Lords, respecting & Record in Chancery, — Batlmrst v. Ld. Wharton.

<1 Januariu A. 170

the Sales already made of some Part of his Estate, and for Sale of other Parts thereof, for Payihent of his Debts.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr.

Harpur, Mr. Curson, and Mr. Wilkins, do prepare; and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, for laying a further Tax uport Offices and Pensions, and for charging several Professions, towards Raising of Money for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Bromley (from the Commissioners for taking; examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom) presented to the House their Report of the particular State of some of the publick Accounts, with their Observations thereupon.

And the Title thereof was read.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, take the said Report, and Observations, into Consideration.

The said State is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for continuing the Commissioners for taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom; and that Mr. Dolben and Mr. Gery do prepare, And bring in, the Bi)l.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for raising the Militia of this Kingdom, for the Year 1704, notwithstanding the Month's Pav, formerly advanced, be not repaid; and that the Lord Colonel Gruhme,

and Mr. Robert Bertie, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That some Members be appointed, to search the Journals of the House of Lords, touching their Proceedings upon the late Address of this House to her Majesty, and their Representation thereupon; and also to search Precedents, concerning Commitments by the House of Lords, in Cases, where the Person has been in the Custody of the Crown; and report the same to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Take, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. Manley, Sit Godfrey Copley, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Annesley, Mr. Bromley, Mf. St. , Mr. Conyers, Mr. Pooley, Sir William Drake.

Mr. Harcourt (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, for the better regulating the nightly Watch in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, City and Liberties of Westminster, and Places adjacent, within the Bills

of Mortality, and for the more effectual lighting the Streets in dark Nights, and paving and cleansing the same; and the same was received.

Mr. Ward reported, that the Members, appointed to search the Journals of the House of Peers, and Offices of the Court of Exchequer, as to their Proceedings, touching the Matters mentioned in the Petition of Charles Bathurst Esquire (presented to the House on Thursday last) had searched the Journals, and Offices, accordingly: And he read in his Place, what they found therein, and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is, as followeth; vis.

Die Sabbati, 19 die Decembris, 1702.

UPON reading the Petition and Appeal of Thomas Ix>rd Wharton, from an Order of the Court of Exchequer, dated the 15 th Day of 1701, on the

Behalf of Robert Squire and Mr. Thompson; and praying, that the said Order may be discharged, and set aside, and put into the same State and Condition, wherein it was when the Suits between the Parties [were] commenced; It is Ordered by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in 13

Parliament assembled. Ttiat the saTd Robert Squire, and Mr. Thompson may have a CopyW the said Petition and Appeal; and shall, and they are hereby required to put in their Answer thereunto, in Writing, on Saturday, the 2d Day of January next, at Eleven a Clock in the Fore-noort.

Die Jervis, 7 Januarih, 1702.

UPON reading the Petition of Robert Squire, Esquire, and John Thompson, Gentleman, relating to the Appeal of Thomas Lora Wharton, brought into this House the 19th of December last; It is Ordered, by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, That the Lord Wharton may have a Copy of the said Petition.

Die Jervis, 21 0 Jan 1702.

UPON reading this Day the Answer of the Right Honourable Thomas Lord Wharton put in to the Petition of Robert Squire, Esquire, and John Thompson, Gentleman, in relation to an Appeal brought in by the Lord Wharton', It is Ordered by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, That this House will hear one Counsel on either Side To-tnorr«ytv, at Eleven a Clock, upon the Said Answer, and Petition.

Die Veneris, 22 Jan 1702.

AFTER hearing Counsel upon the Petition of Robert Squire, and John Thompson, and the Answer of the Right Honourable Thomas Lord Wharton;

And Debate thereupon;

The Question was put, Whether the Petition of Robert Squire and John Thompson shall be dismissed, and they ordered to answer:

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Dissentient.

First, Because we conceive, that by this we assume a Jurisdiction in an original Cause, for these Reasons:

1st, Because there has been no Suit between the Parties in the Court of Exchequer; and consequently, this Petition cannot be called an Appeal from that Court.

2dly, Although there was a Suit in the Court of Chancery, yet one of the Persons, required to answer, was not a Party in that Suit; and therefore, as to him, at least, it must be an original Cause.

3dly, Though all had been Parties in the Chancery, yet it never was heard, that an Appeal lay from one Court, that had no Suit depending in it, because there was a Suit depending in another Court.

Secondly, Because no Court can take any Cognizance of a Cause, in which that Court cannot make an Order; but in this Case the House of I,ords cannot make an Order, because very many are concerned in this Record, who are not before this House; therefore this House cannot take any Cognizance of it.

Leeds, Weymouth, Jonat. Exon. Townshend, Dartmouth, N. Duresme.

Nottingham, Rochester,

7 ho. Roff'en, W. Car/iol, Poulet,

WHEREAS the Right Honourable Thomas Lord TVharton did, on the 19th Day of December last, bring an Appeal into this House from an Order of the Court of Exchequer, bearing Date the 15th Day of July, 1701, to which Robert Squire and Thompson were ordered to answer, and that, instead of answering, they preferred a Petition to this House, the 7th Instant, by way of Demurrer to the said Appeal; which being argued this Day at llie Bar by Counsel on either Side, and due Consideration of what was offered thereupon; It is Ordered by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled. That the said Petition of Robert Squire and John Thompson shall be, and is hereby dismissed this House: And it is further Ordered, That the said Robert Squire and John Thompson shall, and they are hereby required to put in their Answers thereunto, in Writing, on Monday next, at Eleven a Clock.

DU

a Ann. £ab anuariu £99

Z)/e Luna, 25® januarii, 1702.

Proceedings WHEREAS by the Order of the 22d Instant, i?<£ in Lords, ewrTttul John are ordered to answer

»lfecordm to the Appeal of the Lord , now depending in

Chancery, — this House; his Lordship this Day moving the House, Bathurst v. and desiripg to wave the said Order, as to the Answer of Ld.Wharton. ggjj John Thompson; upon Consideration thereof, It is Ordered by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, That the said John Thompson shall not be required to answer to the said Appeal; but the said Robert Squire is to answer the same, according to the former Order.

Die Jovis, 28° 1702.

THE House being this Day moved, that Robert Squire may be allowed further Time, for answering to the Appeal of the Right Honourable Thomas Lord Wharton; It is Ordered by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, That the said Robert Squire hath hereby Time allowed him, for answering the reunto, until Tuesday next, at Ten a Clock in the Forenoon precisely.

Die Martis, 2® 1 702.

WHEREAS there is a Petition and Appeal of the Right Honourable Tho. Lord Wharton depending in this House, to which Rol)crt Squire, Esquire, is Respondent, who this Day put in his Answer thereunto; It is Ordered by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, That this House will hear the said Cause, by Counsel at the Bar, on Tuesday, the 9th Day of this Instant February, at Eleven a Clock, the first Business.

Die Luna, 8® Februarii, 1702.

UPON reading the Petition of the Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of ;shewing,

that King Chai'les the First, in the Fourth Year of his Reign, did grant unto several Persons, in Trust for the City of London, the Honour of Richmond, and Lordship of Middleham, in the County of York, with several mesne Manors, and Lordships within the said Honour; and that an Inquisition taken by virtue of a Commission, issued in the 15th Year of King James the First, are contained the Boundaries of the Honour of Richmond, and Lordship of

ham; which said Commission was duly executed, returned, and filed; but the same being some Years past taken from the File, was, by Order of the Court of Exchequer, of the 1.5th of July, 1701, directed to be allowed as a Record of that Court, and to be filed accordingly; that the Petitioners ore informed, that the Right Honourable Thomas Lord Wharton hath petitioned this House, that the said Order of the 1,5th Day of July, 1701, may be discharged, and that the said Survey may be taken off the File; and praying, that they may be heard by their Counsel at the Bar of this House, what they have to offer in relation to the said Inquisition, or Survey, before this House give Judgment upon the Lord I Thortons A pfieal; It is Ordered by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, That the Petitioners shall be heard by their Counsel, separate, on Thursday next; at which Time the Lord Wharton's, Appeal against Robert Squire shall be heard.

Ordered, That all the Judges do attend this House on Thursday next, at Twelve a Clock.

Die Jocis, li® Februarii, 1702.

IT is Ordered by the Ixwds Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled. That the Officers of the Ex-' chequer do bring to this House, the Bundle, or Roll, in which the Survey of the Honour of Richmond is, which was taken in the 15th Year of King James the First, the original Affidavits, upon which the Survey was filed, the Office Book, in which there is an Entry of a Survey, taken of the Honour of Richmond, the 7 th of King Charles the First, and the Survey also itself.

Whereas this Day was appointed for hearing the Cause, Wherein Thomas Lord Wharton is Appellant, and Robert Squire Respondent, at which Time the City of London is to be heard; It is Ordered, by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, That the said Cause shall be heard Tomorrow, at Eleven a Clock; and that all the Causes be removed in Course.

Vox , 14

‘Die Veneris, 12 Februarii, 1702.

AFTER hearing Counsel upon the Petition and Appeal of Thomas Lord Wharton, from an Order of the Court of Exchequer, dated the 15th Day of July, 1701, as also upon the Answer of Robert Squire, putin thereunto; it being proposed by the Counsel for the Respondent Squire to read a Copy of the Survey in Question, whish came to their Hands since the Hearing in the Exchequer, though thought to be written several Years since by Mr.

Tkompson, now a Clerk in the Exchequer Office;

Counsel being withdrawn;

And Debate thereupon;

This Question was put, Whether the Copy, that is said to be taken by Mr. Thompson, shall be read:

It was resolved in the Negative.

Then the Counsel, being called in again, were told by the Lord Keeper, they were not to read that Copy, but to proceed in the Cause: 1

Which being ended;

This Question was proposed, Whether the Order of the Exchequer of the 15th of July, 1701, shall be reversed.

Then this previous Question was put, Whether this Question shall be now put:

It was resolved in the Negative.

Hereupon the following Order was made:

After hearing Counsel upon the Petition and Appeal of the Right Honourable Thomds Lord Wharton, from an Order of the Court of Exchequer, dated the 15th Day of July, 1701, for filing a Parchment Writing pretended to be a Survey (amongst other Things) of the Estate irt Question, and praying, that the said Order may be discharged, and set aside, and the pretended Survey or Certificate, may be taken off the File, and put into the same State and Condition, wherein it was, when the Suits between the said Parties were commenced; as also upon the Answer of Robert Squire, put in thereunto; and due Consideration of what was offered thereupon: It is Ordered by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, That a Tryal shall be had next Term, at the Bar in the Court of Common Pleas, by a Jury of the County of Middlesex, in an Action, wherein this shall be the feigned issue, viz *

" Whether the Skins of Parchment, directed by Order of " the Court of Exchequer, of the ijthof July, 1701, to be " filed, are the perfect, unaltered, exact, and entire, Commission and Return, first filed in the Court of Exchequer,

" in the 16th Year of King James the First;" in which Action the said Robert Squire shall be Plaintiff, and take the Proof of the said Issue upon himself, and the said Lord Wharton Defendant; and that the said Skins of Parchment, or any Copy thereof, shall not be given in Evidence in any Court whatsoever, until the said Tryal be over; and that the said Skins of Parchment, be now upon the File, by virtue of the said Order of the 15th of July, shall not be allowed as any Evidence, on the said Tryal, for the Plaintiff: After which Tryal, the Verdict given therein shall be certified, and returned, by the Court of Common Pleas, into this House.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Report bd referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Consideration of the Report made Yesterday relating to the Case of Ashby and White, is referred

Ordered, That the same Members do search the Offices of the Court of Chancery, for the Bills and Answers, and Orders on hearing, made in the said Court between the Lord Wharton, and the said Mr. Bathurst, and others 1 and report the same to this House.

Mr. Hammond reported from the Committee, to whom increase of the Bill, for the Increase of Seamen, and better Encourage- Seamen.' merit of Navigation, was committed; that they, had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they hud directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; w here the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the

'Question

3oo

a 2' — 24° Januarii.

A. 1703

Importing

Salt-petre.

Duties on Logwood.

Ivory's

Estate.

Question severally put thereupon, with some Amendments to some of them, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, For filling up all Vacancies that may happen in Greenwich Hospital, with disabled Seamen, their Wives, or Children,. as the Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners of the Admiralty, shall direct.

And the same was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, For Boys, to be put out by Charities to be Apprentices, to be put out to Sea.

And the same was once read, and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, For Freedom in serving in the Coal Trade.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up by the House: And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the adjourned Debate, touching the Commitment of the Bill, for the reviving of an Act, made in the .5th and 6th Year of their late Majesties Reign (intituled, An Act for the Importation of Salt-petre, for One Year) be further adjourned until this Day Scvennight.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, take the Petitions touching the Duties upon Logwood, into Consideration.

East India Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday next. Trade. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Trade to the East India's.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna, 24° die Januarii;

Anno 2 Annse Regina.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the supplying the Defect of the Execution of a Pow'er in Sir John Ivory, Knight, deceased, for making Provision for his younger Children, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Bryan Stapleton, Sir William Hustler, Mr. Crosse, Sir John Kay, Sir Win. Bowes, Ix>rd Coningsby, Mr. Brewer, Sir Win. Robinson, Mr. Thompson, Sir Fra. Lee, Mr. Gee, Mr. Harpur, Mr. Halsey, Mr. Dyot, Colonel Grahme, Mr. Topham, Sir Tho. Davall, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Jenkins, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Neville, Mr. Wentworth, Mr. Eyre, Mr. Alusgrave, Mr. Blojeild, Mr. Benson: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Henry Lord Viscount Dillon, in the Kingdom of Ireland, for Payment of his Debts, and for settling an Equivalent in other Part of his Estate, oh the Viscountess his Wife, for her Jointure, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the making void certain Uses, Estates, and Trusts, limited in the marriage Settlement of Henry , Esquire, of certain Manors and Lands, contained in that Settlement, and settling other Manors and Lands, of better Value,

Lord Dillon's Estate.

Awdley'i

Estate.

to and for the same Uses, Estates, and Trusts, was read the First time.

Resolved, That, the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Francklyn, and Mr. Rogers:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of certain Lands in Carwclton, in the County of Northampton, of William Adams, Clerk, for Payment of Debts, and Portions to his younger Brothers and Sisters, and for settling other Lands, of greater Value, upon his Wife and Children, in lieu thereof; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming the Execution of a certain Agreement, made between Ralph Lord Grey, Baron of Werke, and Charles Lord Ossulsion, and the Lady Alary his Wife, touching certain Manors, Lands, and Tenements, in the County of Northumberland, Middlesex, and City of London, and also lietween Lawrence Earl of Rochester, and the said Lord Grey, concerning other Manors, Lands, and Tenements, in the said County of Northumberland, County Palatine of Durham, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Neville, Sir Fra. Alassam, Sir Wm. HMr. Vaughan, Lord Hyde, Sir Math. Dudley, Mr. Shackerly, Mr. Gay, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Wentworth, Mr. Monscm, Sir Onslow, Mr. Clark, Sir Robert Eden, Sir Wm.

Mr. Thompson, Sir John De/aSir Jos. Mr. Smith, Mr. Mansell, Mr. Mr. How, Sir

Henry Liddall, Mr. Tredenham, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Jenkins,

Mr. j here, Mr. Pagitt;and all, that serve for the Counties

of Northumberland, Durham, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Dormer (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, for making good the Defect of a Provision, intended for Captain James Roche; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Brewer reported, that the Members appointed to search the Offices of the Court of Queen's Bench, what' Proceedings were there, in the Case of Bernardiston and Soame, and for a Copy of the Judgment in that Case, had searched the same accordingly: And he presented to the House a Copy of the said Judgment.

And the Copy is, as followeth; viz.

[a] Placita coram Domino Rege apud Westmonaste-riutn, de Termino Sanctse Trinitatis, anno regni Domini Caroli Secundi, nunc Regis Anglite, &c. vicesimo sexto, Rot. 1577.

Middlesex,ss. MEMOKANDUM, Quodali;\s, scilicet, Termino Paschas ultimo prseterito, coram Domino Rege apud Westmonasterium, venit Samuel Barnadiston, Baronettus, per Thomam Ditchfeild, Attornaturn suum, et protulit hie in Curia died Domini Regis tunc ibidem quandam billam suum versus Willielmum Soame, Mili-tem, nuper Vicecomitem comitatus Sufiblcias, in custodia Marescalli, &c. de placito transgressionis super casum; et sunt pleges de prosequendo, scilicet Johannes Doe et Richardus Roe: Quae quidem billa sequitur in haec verba; scilicet:

Middlesex ss. Samuel Barnadiston, Baronettus, queri-tur de Willielmo Soame, Milite, nuper Vicecomite comitatus Suffolcias, in custodia Marescalli Marescaltiae Domini Regis coram ipso Rege existente, pro eo videlicet, quod, cum Dominus Rex nunc, octavo die Februarii, anno Regni dicti Domini Regis nunc vicesimo quinto, per breve suum, gerens datum eisdein die et anno, ernanans extra

Cancellariain

[«] ThU Judgment it printed from the Copy presented to the House.

Adams'

Estate.

Ix>rd

Grey's, &c. Estate.

Relief of Capt. Roche.

Privilege-Actions at Law respecting Elections:

Bernardiston v. Soame.

2 Ann.

2 40 Januarii.

301

Canccllariam suam apud Westmonasterium praedictum, in dicto comitatu Middlesex, adtunc existentem, tunc Vice-comiti comitates Suffolci praedicti directum, recitando per idem breve, quod cftm Henricus North, Baroncttus, nuperelectus fuerat unus Militurn comitatfts praedicti pro adtunc pr&senti Parliainento dicti Domini Regis, inchoato apud civitatem suum Westmonasterii octavo die Maii, anno regni dicti Domini Regis tertio decimo, et abinde per diversas pi'orogationes usque tricesimum diem Octo-bris, anno regni ejusdem nunc Regis nunc vicesimo quarto, continuato, et ab eodem tricesimo die Octobris idem Parliaraentum usque quartum diem tunc instantis Februa-rii ulterifts prorogatum fuerat, ibidem tunc tenendum et prosequendum; quodque ipse sit electus, et debito modo retornatus, juxta formam statuti in hujusmodi casu editi et provisi, in Domo inferiori pro Communitate regni dicti Domini Regis Anglia: constitutus fuerat, prout per recor-dum dicti Parliamenti sui, in Cancellaria suaresidens, ple-hius constabat; ac idem Henricus North, unus Militum pro comitatu praedicto existens, diem suum clausit extremum, ut dictus Dominus Rex acceperat, cujus praetextu subditi dicti domini Regis comitatfts Suffolci® praedicti de iino Milite ad tractandum pro utilitate ejusdem comitates destituti fuerunt; idem Dominus Rex nolens tamen, quod Communitas regni sui in dicto P.arliamento suo, ad negotia dicti Domini Regis, et Statum regni sui, et ecclesiae Anglicans, aggregata, ex causa praedicti minoraretur, seu exte-nuaretur, quominus negotia ilia debitum sortirentur effec-tum, eidem Vicecomiti dicti comitatfts Suffolciae per breve illud pnecepisset, quod loco praedicti Hehrici in pleno comitatu suo, immediate post receptionem brevis illius tenendo, unum alium Militem, gladio cinctum, idoneum, et discretum, comitatfts praedicti (proclamatione prius de praemissis, ac de die et loco lactft) liberft et indifferenter per illos, quihujusmodi proclamation illi interessent, juxta formam statuti inde editi et provisi eligi faceret, et nomen ejusdem Militis in quibusdam indenturis, inter praedictum Vicecomitem, et illos, qui hujusmodi clectioni interessent, inde conficiendis (licet hujusmodi eligendus praesens esset, vel absens) inseri, eumque ad dictum Parliamentum venire faceret; ita quod idem Miles, sic eligendus, plenam et sufticientem potestatem pro se et communitate comitatfts praedicti haberet, ad faciendum etconsentiendum hiis, quae in Parliamentodecommuni Concilio dicti regni sui (favente Deo) contingerent ordinari super negotiis antedictis (noluit dictus Dominus Rex tamen, quod praedictis Vicecomes Suffolciae, nec aliquis alius Vicecomes dicti Regni sui, ali-qualiter esset electus)et electionem illam, sic factam distinc-te et apcrtfc sub sigillo ejusdem Vicecomitis, et sigillis eo-rum, qui electioni illi interessent, dicto Domino Regi in Cancellariasua certiticaret indilafo, remittens dicto Domino Regi alteram partem indenturarum praedictarum, eidem brevi consutam, unft cum eodem brevi; prout in eodem brevi plenius continetur: Quod quidem breve postea, scilicet, duodecimo die Februarii, anno Regni dicti Domini Regis nunc vicesimo quinto supradicto, apud Gipwicum, in dicto comitatu Suffolciae praefatae, Willielmo Soame, tunc Vicecomiti dicti comitatfts Suffolciae existenti, delibe-ratuin suit, in forma juris exequendura; quodque praedic-tus Willielmus, Vicecomes comitatfts praedicti tunc existens, ad proximum comitatum suum ejusdem comitatfts Suffolciae post receptionem dicti brevis, scilicet, vicesimo quarto die Februarii, anno regni dicti Domini Regis nunc vicesimo quinto supradicto, ac vigore brevis illius, in pleno comitatu suo, tunc tento apud Gipwicum pracdictum, in dicto comitatu Suffolciae, coram eodem Willielmo, adtunc Vicecomite ejusdem comitatfts, breve illud legi fecissct, nec-non publicam proclamationem de die et loco in brevi prae-dicto in ea parte contends fecissct, necnon de uno Milite, gladio cincto, magis idoneo et discreto, comitatfts praedicti, juxta formam et exigentiam brevis illius, eligendo, ad veni-endum ad Parliamentum prsedictum, in pleno comitatu illo, prout illi per breve illud praeceptum suit, et secundum formam brevis illius, videlicet, inter horam octavam et horam undecimam ante meridiem ejusdem vicesimi quarti diei Februarii, anno vicesimo quinto supradicto: Super quo prosessum suit tunc ibidem in pleno comitatu illo ad elec-Vot. 14.

tionem unius alterius Militis pro eodem comitatu, in loco Privilege — preedicti Henrici, per gentes in comitatu illo residentes, ac potion at eidem proclamation! interessentcs; ac lic&t idem Samuel in Las'!,|re P ct' eodem pleno comitatu tento apud Gipwicum prsedictum ' — Barnardis-(qui tunc et diu antea suit Miles, gladio cinctus, in prae- tone.Soame. dicto comitatu, viz. apud Brigthwell, eommorans et con-versans, et in eodem comitatu Suffolciae natus) secundum exigentiam brevis praedicti debits electus et nominatus suit eodem vicesimo, quarto die Februarii, inter horam octavam et horam undecimam, fore Miles comitatfts illius, in loco praedicti Ilenriei North, pro praedicto, Parliamento, ad ve-niendum pro eodem comitatu ad idem Parliamentum, per majorem numerum gentium tunc residentium infra dictum comitatum Suffoeciae, et dicto tempore proclamations praedictas tunc ct ibidem praesentium, et eidem proclamation interessentium, quorum tunc quilibet expendere potuit quadragintasolidos libcritenementi,et ultra, per annum, infra comitatum ilium; aclic£tpraedictus Willielmus, adtunc Vicecomes dicti comitatfts Suffolciae existens, praemissa satis sciens, postea, scilicet, eodem vicesimo quarto die Februarii, anno regni dicti Domini Regis nunc viedsimo quinto in Canccllariam dicti Domine Regis nunc apud Westmonasterium praedictum, in dicto comitatu Middlesex, breve praedictum retornavit, simul cum quadam indenture, inter ipsum Vicecomitem et praedictos electores ipsius Samuelis, de praedicta electione ipsius Samuelis facta, secundum exigentiam brevis praedicti; praedictus tamen Willielmus, adtunc Vicecomes praedicti comitatfts Suffolciae existens, officii sui debitum minime ponderans, sed machinans, et malitiosb, intendens, ipsum Samuelem in hac parte minus rifo praegravare, ac eundem Samuelem de fiducia ct'officio unius Militum comitatfts praedicti in dicto Parliamento exerccnd' omnino frustrare et deprivare, et praedictum Samuelem ad diversas magnas et grandes pecuniarum summasexpendendas causare, contra debitum officii sui praedicti, fulsd, malitiosb, et deceptive, adtunc in eandem Cancellariam, apud Westmonasterium, prae-dictum, retornavit, unft cum indentura praedicta, quaftdam aliam indenturam eidem brevi similiter annexam, specifi-cantein illam fore factam inter praefatum Willielmum, adtunc existentem Vicecomitem dicti comitatfts Suffolciae, ex una parte, et diversas alias personas dicti comitatfts in indentura ilia specificatas, et continentem [«], quod diette aliae personae, ut major pars totius comitatfts praedicti, In praedicto pleno comitatu Suffolciae apud Gipwicum prte-dictum, dicto vicesimo quarto die Februarii, anno supradicto, elegerunt quondam Lionellum Talamach, Baron alifts dictum Lionellus Dominus HuntingtowTe, in Regno Scotia?, in loco praedicti Henrici North, unum Militem comitatfts Suffolcise praedicti, pro Parliamento praedicto, ad veniendum eidem Parliamento pro comitatu illo, ubi revera praedictus Lionellus non suit electus per majorem partem comitatfts illius fore Miles, in loco praedicti Henrici, pro comitatu praedicto,' prout per ultimam indenturam praedictam falso supponitur; ratione cujus quidem falsi retornatfts de praedicta altera indentura per praedictum Willielmum, Vicecomitem dicti comitatfts Suf-tolciae existentem, in forma praedicta facta, idem Samuel in Domum inferiorem, pro Communitate hujus regni An-glioe, in dicto Parliamento ad praedictum retornatum praedicti brevis, et diversa tempore postea, assemblata apud Westmonasterium praedictum, constitutam, admitti non potuit, quosque idem Samuel super petitionem suam Communitatidicti Parliamenti pro remedio suo congruo in ea parte exhibitam, et post diversas ingentes denariorum summas inetcircamanifestationem et verificationem dictae electionis ipsius Samuelis coram dicta Communitateexpen-ditas, ct diversos labores in ea parte per ipsum Samuelem sustentos, postea, scilicet, vicesimo die Februarii, anno regni Domini Regis nunc vicesimo sexto, per Communi-tatem dicti Parlimenti in Doinum Communitatis praedictae admissus suit, et electio ipsius Samuelis praedicti per Communitatem praedictam declarata suit fore bona [A]; unde idem Samuel dicit, quod ipse deteriorates est, et damp-num habet, ad valentiam Irium mille librarum; et inde producit sectam, &c.

[a] " continent," Orig. [t»] " bonan)/' Orig.

4 G F.t.

302 240 Januarii. 41 17031

Privilege — k Et mod6 ad hunc diem, scilicet, diem Veneris prox-Actions at im & post crastinum Sanct® Trinitatis, isto eodern Ter-Law respect- mino, usque quern diem prmdictus Willielmus habuit li- — BarmrdU- centlam ac billam praedictam interloquendi, et tunc ad re-ton v.Soame. spondendum, &c. coram Domini Rege apud Westmo-nasterium veniunt, tam praedictus Samuel, per Attorna-tum suum praedictum, quAm praedictus Willielmus, per Johannem Nedham, Attornatum suum; et idem Willi-elinus defendit vim et injuriam, quando. &c. et dicit, quod ipse non est inde culpabilis; et de hoc ponit se super patriam; et praedictus Samuel similiter, &c. Ideo veniant inde juratores coram Domino Rege apud Westmo-nasterium, die Veneris proximo post tres septimanas Sancti Michaelis; et qui nec, &c. ad recognoscendum, &c. quia tam — Idem dies datus est partibus pradictus ibidem, &c. De quo die Jurata praedicta inter partes praedictas, de placito praedicto, posita suit inde inter eas in respectu, co-ram Domino Rege apud Westmonasterium, usque diem Jovis in crastino Sancti Martini extunc proximo sequente, pro defectu juratorum, &c. Ad quern diem, coram Domino Rege apud Westmonasterium, venerunt, tam pr®-dictus Samuel quAm praedictus Willielmus, per Attoraa-tos suos praedictos; ct juratores Jurat® illius exacti similiter venerunt; qui ad veritatem de et super prawn issis dicendam electi, triati, et jurati, dicunt super sa-cramentum suum, quod praedictus Willielmus est culpabilis de preemissis praedictis, modo et forint, prout praedictus Samuel superius versus eum queritur; et assident dampna ipsius Samuelis occasione praemissorum praedicto-rum, ultra misas et custagia sua per ipsum circa sectam suam in hac parte apposita, ad octingentas libras, et pro misis et custagiis illis ad quadraginta solidos: Sed quia Curia dicti Domini Regis nunc hlc de judicio suo de et super praemissis reddendo nondum advisatur, dies inde ulterior datus est partibus praedictis, coram Domino Rege apud Westmonasterium, usque diem Veneris proximo post octabas Purificationis beat® Mari®, de ju-;dicio suo inde audiendo, eo quod Curia dicti Domini Regis hlc inde nondum, &c. Ad quern diem, coram ' Domino Rege apud Westmonasterium, venerunt, tam pr®dictus Samuel, quAm pr®dictus Willielmus per Attomatos suos praedictos; super quo visis, et per Curiam dicti Domini Regis nunc hlc plenk intellectis, omnibus et singulis pr®missis, maturAque deliberations inde habitA, consideratum est, quod pr®dictus Samuel Barnardiston recuperet versus pr®fatum Willielmum Soame dampna sua pr®dicta, per Juratam praedictam ip forma pr®dicta assessa, necnon nonaginta et octo libras pro misis et custagiis suis praedictis, eidem Samueli per Curiam dicti Domini Regis nunc hlc ex assensu suo de incremeDto ad-judicatas; qu® quidem dampna in toto se attingunt ad-rioningentas libras; et pr®dictus Willielmus in iniseri-cordia, &c.

Postea, scilicet, dieSabbati, vicesimo quarto die Aprilis, anpo Regni Domini Regis nunc, &c. vicesimo septimo, transcripta recordi et processes pr®dictorum inter partes prmdictas, de placito pr®dicto, cum omnibus ea tangen-tibus, prffitextu cujusdam brevis dicti Domini Regis de er-rore corrigendo, per pr®fatum Willielmum Soame in prae-missis prosecut' coram Justiciariis Domini Regis de Communi Banco, et Baronibus de Scaccario dicti Domini Regis de gradu de le Coife, in Cameram Scaccarii, juxta formam statuti, in Parliamento Domin® Elizabeth®, nu-per Regin® Angli®, apud Westmonasterium, vicesimo tertio die Novembris, anno regni sui vicesimo septimo, tento, editi, a pr®dicta Curia dicti Domini Regis hie coram ipso Rege transmissa faerunt; praedictusque Willielmus Soame, in eadem Curia Camer® Scaccarii com parens, diversas causas et materias pro errore in recordo et processu pr®dictis, pro revocatione et adnullatione judicii praedicti, assignavit; ad quas praedictus Samuel Barnardiston, in eadem Curia Camer® Scaccarii praedicti similiter comparens, placitavit, quod nec in recordo et processu praedictis, nec in redditione judicii praedicti, in ullo suit erratum: Postmodumque, scilicet, die Sabbati, de-cimo die Junii, anno Regni dicti Domini Regis nunc vicesimo octavo, visis praemissis, et per Curiam Camer® Scaccarii praedicti diligenter examinatis, et plenius intel-

lectis, tam recordo et processu praedictis, quam judicio praedicto super eisdetn reddito, videbatur Curi® Camer®

Scaccarii praedicti, quod judicium pr®dictum vitiosum et defectivum in lege existit; ideo adtunc et ibidem per eandem Curiam consideratum suit, quod judicium praedictum in omnibus reversetur, adnulletur, et penitus pro nullo habeatur; et quod praedictus Willielmus ad omnia,

.qu® occasione judicii praedicti amisit, restituatur: Super quo recordum praedictum, necnon processus praedictus Justiciariorum dicti Domini Regis de Communi Banco, et Baronum de Scaccario [a\ dicti Domini Regis, coram eis in praemissis habitus, coram Domino Rege, ubicunque, &c. remittebantur, secundum formam statuti praedicti, et in eadem Curia dicti Domini Regis hlc coram ipso rege jam resident, &c.

Postea, scilicet, vicesimo quarto die Maii, anno regni Domini Gulielimi et Mari®, nunc Regis et Regin® Angli®, primo, [b]record' et processus pr®dict' inter partes

prmdictas, cum omnibus ea tangentibus, praetextu cujusdam brevis de errore corrigendo, per prmfatum Samuelem Barnardiston in praemissis prosecut' dicto Domino Regi et Regin® in prmsenti Parliamento, a pr®dicta Curia died Domini Regis et Regin® hlc transmissum suit; pnedictusque Samuel, in eadem Curia Parliamenti comparens, diversas causas et materias pro erroribus in recordo et processu praedictis, pro revocatione et adnullatione judicii prsdicti, assignavit; et postea, scilicet, vicesimo quinto die Junii, anuo, dictorum Domini et Domin® Regis et Regin® supradicto, in pr®dicta Curia Parliamenti visis, et per Curiam ibidem diligenter examinatis, et plenius intellectis, tam recordo et processu praedictis, et judicio super eisdem reddito, quAm praedicto errore superius as-signato, pro eo quod videtur Curi® Parliamenti praedicti, quod recordum illud in nullo vitiosum aut defectivum existit, et quod recordum illud in nullo suit erratum; ideo adtunc et ibidem consideratum est per eandem Curiam Parliamenti praedicti, quod judicum praedictum in omnibus affirmetur, et in omni suo robore stet et effectu.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Judgment be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Report relating to the Case of Ashby and White.

Mr. Harpur reported from the Committee, to whom Holden's the Bill, for Sale of some Part of the Estate of Robert Estate. Holden, Gentlemen, settled upon him and John Holden, his Father, for the Payment of their Debts, and disposing of his younger Children Apprentices, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for Insolvent discharging out of Prison such insolvent Debtors as will Debtors, serve her Majesty in the Fleet, or Army; and that Sir Win. Hustler, Mr. Thojnpson, and Sir Joseph Tredenham, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of John Rowky was presented to the House, Resumption and read; setting forth, That Sir William de- of Grant,

ceased, being in his Life-time possessed of certain Lands in the Liberty of Westminster, and St. James's Parish, by virtue of a Grant from King Charles the 2d, and King William and Queen Mary, did let out the said Lands to several Builders, and by his last Will devised all his Leasehold Estate to be sold; and accordingly an Act of Parliament has since passed for that Purpose, under which the Petitioner has purchased Part of the Lands therein mentioned, and has borrowed Money, to build thereon, in

onder

fa] " Scaccarii, Orig,

[6] Transcriptum," deest in Orig. Vide Anna, p. 293.

2 Ann.. 24.0 Janua 303

order to improve the same, and paid a valuable Consideration for the Premises; and if the Bills, depending in the House, for the Resumption of Grants, should pass, without some Provision for the Petitioner, it will be the utter Ruin of the Petitioner, and his family: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition

be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom liie said Bills are committed, hesnmption A Petition of Charles Duke of St. Alban and Diana

of Grant . Duchess of St. Alban,wps presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that a Marriage, by the Approbation of their late Majesties King William and Queen being proposed (and since solemnized) between the Petitioners, their said Majesties did, by their Letters Patents, of the 14th of August, in the 6th Year of their Reign, grant unto the Petitioners, for their Support and Main tenance, one Annuity of 2,000 /. per Annum, issuing out of the Revenues following; viz. 500l. per Annum out of the Revenues within the Principality of Wales, 500l. a Year more by Fines upon Alienation, and 1,000l. more per Annum out of First fruits and Tenths; to hold for the Petitioners Lives, and the Life of the longer Liver of them: That there is a Bill in the House, for resuming all Grants, made by their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, or by the said King William: And praying, that a Saving Clause may be inserted in the said Bill, for preserving to the Petitioners the Benefit of their said Grant

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ditto. A Petition of George Booth, Esquire, was presented to

the House, and read; setting forth, that, in Consideration of 1,000l. paid into the Exchequer, in June, 1694, his late Majesty King William did grant to the Petitioner the Manor of Westhamin Essex, of 180/. per Annum, for 99 Years, after the Death of Queen Dowager; and his said Majesty, in Consideration of Services done, did also grant the Petitioner an Annuity of 600 /. per Annum, of the -Tenths of the Clergy, for 21 Years, from June, .1699: And praying, that he may be heard by Counsel as to his Right touching the said Grants, before the Bill, depending in the House, for resuming several Grants, made by their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary (of glorious Memory) or by the late King, do pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ditto. A Petition of Thomas Eyres was presented to the

House, and read; setting forth, that Sir ney, deceased, being possessed of divers Lands in St. James's Parish, and Liberty of Westminster, which he held by Lease from King Charles the 2d, devised the same to be sold; and, to improve the same, his Executors purchased a further Term therein from King JViiUam and Queen Maty; and afterwards an Act of Parliament passed, for confirming the Will of Sir William Pulteney, by Sale of the said Lands for the Purposes therein mentioned; and, upon the Credit of the said Act, the Petitioner purchased Part of the said Premises for a further Term than he had before therein, and has laid out his whole Substance thereupon in building; so that if the Bill, depending in the House, for resuming several Grants, made by their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, or by his said Majesty, should pass, without some Provision for the Petitioner, it will be the utter Ruin of the Petitioner, and his Family: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ditto. A Petition of John Mist was presented to the House,

and read; setting forth, that Sir Win. Pultney was possessed of divers Leasehold Estates, granted by King Charles the 2d, which were let out upon Building Leases, and renewed by Grant from King William and Queen

VOL. 14

Mary for a fdrther Term of 99 Years, after the Expiration of the former Term, which was afterwards confirmed by Act of Parliament; upon the Credit whereof, the Petitioner purchased Part of the Premises, and laid out all he had in building thereupon; so that if he should be deprived of his said Purchase, it will be his utter Ruin: And praying that some Provision for his security may be made in the Bill, for resuming several Grants, made by their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, or by his said Majesty, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Elizabeth Hamilton was presented to the Resumption House, and read; setting forth, that King Charles the Great . 2d, in the 17th Year of his Reign, did demise unto Tho.

Lord Culpeper, in Trust for the Petitioner's Husband (who was one of his said Majesty's Grooms of the Bed-chamber) about Two Acres of Land, and some old ruinous Houses thereon, in or near Hide-Park, for 31 Years, in Consideration of his good Services; which said Lease determined in November, 1695; and, upon the Report of the Surveyor-general, that the said Houses were so ruinous, that little or no Profit could be made thereof, without rebuilding, his late Majesty King William granted the Petitioner a further Term of 99 Years, commencing from the End of the former Lease, to encourage the Petitioner to improve the same, for the future Benefit of the Crown, at the.ancient Rent; and she, and her Tenants, have since laid out above 600l. upon the Premises: And praying, that a Clause may be inserted in the Bill, for resuming several Grants, made by their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, or by his said late Majesty, for saving the Petitioner's Benefit in the said Lease.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of John Lord Bishop of Noruich, of the Ditto. Parish of St. Margaret's, Westminster, Doctor Dean of Exeter, John Pulteney, Samuel Trotman, Orlando Bridgman, John Tally, and Isaac Newton, Esquires, John Outing, and Isaac Territt, Gentlemen, of the Parish of

St. James, in the Liberty of Westminster, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that Thomas, now Archbishop of Canterbury, did (while Bishop of )

at his own Charge build a Chapel (the Materials being given by a Person of Quality) and a House for a Schoolmaster, to teach poor Boys of the said Parish Literature; which Buildings, and another House purchased by him, are standing on some Ground, that was held by Lease from King Charles the 2d and by Letters Patents, dated the 27th of January, in the 4th Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, the Inheritance of a small Piece of Land there, containing about 42 Perches, and a Term of 99 Years in another Parcel of Land there, of 29 Perches, at 20 s. per Annum Rent, are granted to the said Bishop, and by him since conveyed to the Petitioners, and their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, in Trust for sundry charitable Uses, in maintaining a Chapel, and School, newly built by the Petitioners, for the Benefit of the Inhabitants of the said Parish of St. James for ever: That the Petitioners are advised, the said Letters Patents will be made void, and the said Charity thereby destroyed, by the Bill, depending in the House, for resuming several Grants, made by their late Majesties King and Queen

Mary, unless some Provision be made therein, to prevent the same: And praying, that the Petitioners Right under the said Grant-may be saved by the said Bill, and the said Charity preserved.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Dam 0 Jane,the Widow and Relict of Ditto.

Sir John Salisbury, late of Leweney, in the County of

Denbigh

- f

Resumption of Grants,

Ditto#

504 24° Januarii. . 1703,

Denbigh, Baronet, deceased, and of Sir Arthur , of Orielton, in the County of Pembroke, Baronet, and the HcSrs at Law of Sir William' JVi (Hams, late of in the County of Carnarvon, Baronet, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Said Sir I I'm. Ji'dlhuns died seised of an Estate of about 2,500l. per Annum, which was purchased by, and descended to the said Sir William from, the Petitioners common Ancestor, and no Part thereof was purchased by Sir William himself, and therefore the same ought to have descended unto the Petitioners; but 'tis pretended, that the said Sir William,without any Offence, did disinherit the Petitioners, and by some Conveyance, or Will (unduly obtained) did give the said Estate unto Sir Boucher Wray, and his Two Sons, for their Lives, and the Reversion and Inheritance thereof to his late Majesty, and his Heirs, subject to the Payment of a Rent-charge, of 540 /. per Annum, unto one Cha. Alianson, and his Heirs, the said Wray and Alianson being no ways related to the said Sir William, nor the said Estate: That his said Majesty did grant all his Right in the said Premises to John Gore, Esquire, and his Heirs, in Trust for an honourable Person; and the Petitioners are advised, that the Bill, depending in the House, for resuming several (Jrants, made by their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, or by the said King William, doth vest the said Estate in her Majesty, for the Use of the Publick, in such general Terms, that the Petitioners Title, as Heirs to the said Sir Wm. Williams and the first Purchaser, and their Suits at Law and in Equity, for invalidating the said pretended Conveyance, or Will, will be barred, or prejudiced: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Hugh Penfold, Gentleman, Terry Sturgeon, Gentleman, and Elis, his Wife, and Richard Thomas Terry, and Mary Sturgeon, Children of the said

Terry Sturgeon, by Eliz. his Wife, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that John Caryll, Esquire, being seised in l'ee of a Farm, called Lyons Farm, and the Parsonage impropriate, Tythes of Sompting in Sussex, and the Right of Presentation to the Vicarage Church of Sampling, did, in 1679, by Indenture charge the Premises with the Payment of Two several Annuities of 50 /. and 50 /. to Mary and Caryll: That John Caryll being outlawed for Treason, in Hilary Term, in the 7th Year of the Reign of the late King William, a Commission issued, for enquiring into the Estate of the said Canjll; and the said Premises were found, and certified: That his said Majesty, 29th July, in the 8th Year of his Reign, did grant the said Premises to John Lord Cutts, in Consideration of his good Services; and the said Lord Cults did afterwards, for 1,500l. grant the said Premises, in Fee, to the Petitioners Trustees: That the said Premises are but of 170 /. per Annum, out of which the said Annuities, and a Fee-farm Rent of 1 /. 16$. per Annum, are payable; and the greatest Part of the Lands, lying near the Sea, have been several times overflowed; and the Petitioners have paid the full Value thereof: And praying, that a Clause may be inserted in the Bill, depending in the House, for resuming several Grants, made by their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, or by the said late King William, for the saving of the Petitioners Right to the said Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Right Honourable Thomas Lord Raby was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that King Charles the 2d did, by his Letters Patents, dated 29 April, 1661, grant unto the Earl of Berks, and Sir Robert Howard, a Lease of the Post-fines for Years, reserving a Rent to the Crown of 2,276 /. although the Produce Sid not amount to so much: That

the said Lease being to expire at Michaelmas, 1708, his late Majesty King William did, in Consideration of the good Services of die Petitioner, and his Family, grant the Reversion of the same to the Petitioner, for the like Term of Years, to commence from the Expiration of the former Lease, anil under the same Conditions, as the Grant made by King Charles: That in the Bill, depending in the House, for resuming several Grants, made by their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, or by the said late King William, there is an Exception only (as informed) for such Leases, as have been granted for 31 Years; and if so, the Petitioner's Lease will be excluded, although the Petitioner, upon the Assurance thereof, has been obliged to borrow considerable Sums of Money, for the Support of himself, and Family: And praying, that a Saving Clause, in the Petitioner's Behalf may be inserted in the said Bill

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Rebecca Viscountess Dowager Falkland was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that Anthony late Viscount Falkland was seised of the Manors of Great and Little Tew, in the County of Oxon, of 925/. per Annum, besides Fines and Casualties; but his Mother, Rachel Viscountess Falkland, had a Jointure thereon, of 8331, per Annum; and in May, 1681, he conveyed the said Manors to Cherry and Needier, and their Heirs, in Trust for Mr. Keiwood, for securing 8,000l. and Interest: That in June, 1681, the Lord Falkland was made Treasurer of the Navy, and in the same Month married the Petitioner, whose Mother, in August following, paid off the said 8,000 /. and the said Estate was conveyed to Trustees, for the Lord Falkland, for Life, Remainder to the Petitioner, for her Life, for her Jointure, Remainder in Tail upon their Issue, Remainder ii> Fee to the Petitioner, which was so limited to the Petitioner, to recompence her for the Jointure of the Lady Rachel, who is yet living: That the said 8,oooo/l Debt, and Interest, amounting to about 19,040/. and the Petitioner receiving but little Benefit out of the Estate, was desirous to sell the san:e; but some Doubt arising, whether the same might not be liable for the Account of the Lord Falkland, as Treasurer of the Navy, for the clearing thereof, and satisfying a Purchaser, his Majesty King William did, by Letters Patent, dated 17 March, 1697, grant the said Manors unto the Petitioner, and her Heirs: And praying, that a Clause may be inserted in the Bill, for resuming several Grants, made by their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, or by the said late King William, whereby the Benefit of the said Grant to the Petitioner may be preserved.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Lawrence Carter, of the Borough of Leicester, in the County of Leicester, Gentleman, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Town of Leicester having been often set on fire, and wanting Water, the Petitioner undertook to bring Water thither; and the King being Owner of the Manor of Leicester, the Petitioner could not build Cisterns, or break upthe Streets, without Licence from the Crown, which his late Majesty King James the 2d was pleased to grant; and the Petitioner has effected the said Works at a great Expence, which is but of small Advantage to him: And praying, that the Bill, depending in the House, for resuming several Grants, made by his late Majesty King James the 2d, may not Prejudice the Petitioner's said Licence.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Master Taylors of the City of Westminster was offered to the House;

7 And

Resumption of Grants.

Ditto

Master Taylors Petition.

Exporting

Bullion.

Resumption of Grants.

Supply Bill; Annuities.

Holden's

Estate.

2 ANtf. 240 — 35 6 Januar305

And the Question being put, That the Petition be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

The Lord Picrrepont (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, to restrain the Exportation of Silver and Gold to the East India's; and the same was received.

The Orders of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for resuming several Grants, made by his late Majesty King James the Second;

And also upon the Bill, for resuming several Grants, made by their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary (of glorious Memory) or by the said late King William;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committees, that they have Power (if they think tit) to put both the said Bills into one.

Then the House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bills.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that t]jey had made some Progress in the Bills to them committed, and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bills;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

'Tdta.fcft.Y-} 37-

TenersfortteN C"45"' } 57-

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bills.

A Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, to raise Money for carrying on the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions, by selling Annuities at several Rates, and for such, respective Terms, or Estates, as are therein mentioned;

An Amendment was proposed to be made, by inserting, " after the House hath been in a Committee, " upon the Bills of Resumption."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wtednesday Morning next (after they have been in a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bills of Resumption) resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, to raise Money for carrying on the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions, by selling Annuities at several Rates, and for such respective Terms, or Estates, as are therein mentioned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 25°;

Anno 2® Ann® Regince.

Praters.

THE House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the Report, Yesterday, from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Sale of some Part of the Estate of Robert Holden, Gentleman, settled upon him, and John Holden his Father, for the Payment of their Debts, and Vot. 14.

disposing of his younger Children Apprentices, was committed.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the stud Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed,

Mr. Foley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bowden's ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Estate, the vesting the Manor of Michael-chuixk, in the County of Radnor, and other Lands in the County of Salop, of Mary Bowdler and William Rowdier, Gentleman, in certain Trustees, for Payment of the Debts, and making Provision for the younger Children, of the said William Bou'dler, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

An ingrossed Bill, for vesting several Estates of Sir Bickerstaffe Charles Bickerstaffe, Knight, in Trustees, for discharg- Estate-

ing the Incumbrances thereon, and better Payment of his Debts, and for making some Provision for Dame Eliz.his Wife, and Fi'aiices,his Daughter, was read the Third time.

Resolved, Th&t the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for vesting several Estates of Sir Cha. Bickerstaffe,

Knight, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of Debts, and making Provision for his Wife, and Daughter.

Ordered, That Mr. Brewer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Hamond reported from the Committee, to whom School for the Petition of Lewis Maidwetl, Esquire, was referred, Navigation, the Matter, as it appeared to them, and the Resolutions, which the Committee had come to thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table. 1

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

A Petition of Thomas Duke of Leeds, was presented to Resumption the House, and read; setting forth, that their late of Grants. Majesties King William and Queen Mary, by their Letters Patent, dated the 8th of August, in the 3d Year of their Reign, did grant to the Petitioner, in Consideration of his Services in relation to their said Majesties Marriage, and their Entrance into this Kingdom, the yearly Rent of 3,500l. to arise out of the Revenues of the Post Office, for 21 Years: And praying, that the Benefit of the said Grant may be saved to the Petitioner by the Bill, for resuming several Grants, made by their said Majesties (of glorious Memory) or by the said late King William.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to' whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Charles Bertie, Samuel Travers, James Ditto. Herbert, and Richard Pmis, Esquires, was presented to

the House, and read; setting forth.....in Consideration

of the great Services of Thomas Duke of Leeds, his late Majesty King William did, on the 16th of June, in the 8th Year o.i his Reign, grant to the Petitioners divers Manors, Lands, and Premises, for 21 Years, in Trust for the said Duke, after the Death of Queen Dowager, under a yearly Rent; which Grant will be resumed by the Bill, now depending in the House, for resuming several Grants, made by their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary (of glorious Memory) or by the said late King William: And praying, that the said Grant may be saved by the said Bill.

4 II ‘Ordered,

Lord Jer-myn's Estate

Royston

Roads.

Proceedings in Lords respecting a Record in Chancery — Bathurst r. Ld. Wharton.

Punishing Mutiny and Desertion.

Dover

Harbour.

Licentiousness of the Press.

Call of the House.

Irish Linen Manufacture,

Irish

Forfeitures.

25° — 26° Januariu A. 1703.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ail ingrossed Bill, for confirming, and better Execution of, Articles, and the Agreements therein contained, for the Disposition and Division of the Estate of the late Lord Jermyn among his Coheirs, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for the confirming, and better Execution, of Articles, and the Agreements therein contained, for the Disposition and Division of the Estate of the late Lord Jermyn among his Coheirs.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Hanmer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Pigot reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill, for repairing the Highways between Royston and Carton, in the County of Cambridge, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, relating to Burlipp Hill.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks were filled up by the House; jand, upon the Question put thereupon, the Clause was agreed unto, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Benson reported, that the Members, appointed to search the Offices of the Court of Chancery, for the Bills and Answers, and Order on hearing, made in the said Court, between the Lord IVharton and Mr. Bathurst, had searched the same accordingly, and had Copies of the Bills and Answers, and Order on hearing; which he presented to the House.

And the Titles thereof were read.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Copies be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Report, with relation to the Petition of the said Mr. Bathurst, is referred.

Ordered, That the Bill, for punishing Officers, and Soldiers, who shall mutiny, or desert her Majesty's Service, in England or Ireland, and for punishing false Musters, and Lfor better Payment of Quarters in England, for the Year 1704, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for enlarging the Term of Years, granted by An Act, passed in the 11th and 12th Years of his late Majesty's Reign, for the Repair of Dover Harbour.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Privilege — resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Law°r s e consider of the Report of the Journals of the House of ingWEta- ' Lords, touching the Case of Ashby and White, and the tions — Case of Barnardiston and Soame; Aylesbury

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the said tasc' &c Committee.

Then the House (according to the said Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the w hole House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Freeman took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Freeman reported from the said Committee, that they had made some Progress in the Matters to them referred, and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow, at Twelve a Clock.

Mr. Freeman also acquainted the House, that the Committee had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Matters to them referred.

Ordered, That Mr. Wylde, Mr. Pudsey, Mr. Naylor, r0T,'‘ Mr. Lamplugh, Mr. Lawson, Mr. Sharpe, Mr. Clayton, sUte

Mr. Conyers, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, for supplying the Defect of the Execution of a Power in Sir John Ivory, Ivnight, deceased, for making Provision for his younger Children, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 26 die Januarii;

Anno 2 Annse Regina.

Prayers.

SI R Roger Mostyn reported from the Committee, to Legh's whom the Bill, for vesting the Estate of Tho. Legh, £» late of Ridge, in the County of Chester, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, for the Payment of his Debts, perfecting his Purchases, and better effecting the Purposes in his Will, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations in the Bill contained, and found the same to be true; and that they had considered the Petition to them referred; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the Mouse:

Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, to prevent the Licentiousness of the Press.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further adjourned till this Day Seven-night.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, take into Consideration the Address from the House of Commons of Ireland to her Majesty, relating to the Linen Manufacture there.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, to enlarge the Time, for the Purchasers of the forfeited Estates in Ireland to make the Payment of their Purchase-money.

An ingrossed Bill, to enable John Jenkins, Esquire, to Jenkins' sell Lands in the Counties of Durham and - EsUte

land, for Payment of Debts charged thereon, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act to enable John Jenkins, Esquire, to sell Lands in the Counties of Durham and Northumberland, for Payment of Debts charged thereupon.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Eden do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill, for vesting in Trustees Part of the Bowes' Estate late of Thomas Iiarlackenden Bowes, for Payment Estate, of the Debts and Legacies, wherew ith the said Estate is charged, and for preserving the Residue, clear of Charges, for the Benefit of Thomas Bowes, Esquire, an Infant, was read the Third time.

Resolved.

Public

Accounts.

Resumption of Grants.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Creditors of Queen of James 11.

2 Ann.

26° jatiuafii.

507

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title

be, An Act for vesting in Trustees Part of the Estate late of Thomas Harlackcnden B, Esquire, for Payment

of the Debts and Legacies, wherewith the said Estate is charged, and for preserving the Residue, clear of Charges, for the Benefit of Thomas Bowe Esquire, an Infant Ordered, That Mr. Comyns do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Dolben (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, for taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Katherine Countess of Dorchester was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the late King James, by Letters Patents under the Great Seal of England, dated the 20th of March, in the 2d

Year of his Reign, did grant to the Petitioner certain Quit rents in Ireland, of 5,000l. per Annum, for her Life; which is the only Support she has for herself, her Honour, and Two Children she has by the Earl of her

Husband, who is now in her Majesty's Service in the Portugal Expedition: And praying, that a Clause may be inserted in the Bill, for resuming several Grants, made by the late King James, for saving to the Petitioner the Benefit of the said Grant.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole Mouse, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of John Meardwas presented to the House,

and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner is a Purchaser, for a valuable Consideration, of certain Premises in Ann's, Westminster, which were granted to Sir Wm. Pultney by King Charles the 2d, and confirmed, with a further Term by King William the 3d, and also by an Act of Parliament, for confirming the Will of the said Sir William; which Premises the Petitioner hath improved, though he borrowed every Peny of the Money to do it, and much of the Money is still unpaid: And praying, that Provision may be made in one of the Bills, now depending in the House, for Resumption of Grants, for the Petitioner s Relief.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bills, for Resumption of Grants, are committed.

A Petition of Edward Horton was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that Sir William Pultney, deceased, was entitled to certain Lands and Premises in St.Ann's Westminster, by virtue of a Grant, made by King Charles the 2d, for a Term of Years, which was enlarged to a further Term by the late King William, for a Sum of Money: That Sir William made his Will, and devised all his Leasehold Estate to be sold, and by Act of Parliament the said Will was confirmed; upon the Security whereof, the Petititioner (having before lent much Money) purchased Part of the said Premises: And praying, a saving Clause may be admitted in one of the Bills before the House, for Resumption of Grants, in the Petitioner's Behalf.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bills are committed.

A Petition of Edmund Webb, Esquire, Edxoard Rigby, William Sherrard, Peter Dufresncy, Nicholas Alexander, Renat us Harris, Samuel Auberrand Edmond,

on behalf of themselves, and other Creditors of the late King James's Queen, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there is about 7,000l. due to the Petitioners (most whereof are Tradesmen) for Servicfes done, and Goods delivered, for the said Queen's neqessary Support; and, in order to be paid the same, the Petitioners did, in 1689 and 1690, make Application to this Hbuse, shewing, that the Arrears of Rents, and Fines, then in the Hands of several Tenants of the Manor of Dantsey, and of Bedford Level (Part of the Estate settled Voi, 14.

for the said Queen's separate Provision) were (as advised) liable to the Petitioners Demands, and amounted to a great Sum; and in 1689, 1690 and the last Session of Parliament, Proceedings were made in Favour of the Petitioners, but by reason of Prorogations, before any thing was done therein for the Petitioners Relief, they are still remediless: That most of the said Fines are yet in the said Tenants Hands, and ready to be paid, on confirming their Contracts made with" the said Queen's Trustees in 1687 (who are not become Tenants to the respective Grantees, and who cannot recover the same) are more than sufficient to satisfy the Petitioners Demands: That the Petitioners have no Means, by the ordinary Course of Justice, to compel the said Queen's surviving Trustees to execute their Trust, for Payment of the Petitioners Debts: And praying, that thfe House will give them such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bills of Resumption of Grants are committed.

A Petition of Frances Yates, Widow of Nicholas Yates, Resumption deceased, was presented to the House, and read; setting of Grants, forth, that the late Father and Mother of the Petitioner's late Husband was particularly instrumental in the Preservation of King Charles the 2d, after the Battle of Worcester, and having received no Marks of his said Majesty'

Favour, the late King James the 2d did grant unto the Petitioner's Husband, and his Heirs, one Annuity of 100 /. payable out of the Exchequer, which is charged with 20/. per Annum to Anne Tunics, his Sister: And praying, that the said Annuity may be saved to the Petitioner, by the Bills of Resumption of Grants.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bills are committed.

A Petition of James Ward, Esquire, on behalf of him- Ditto, self, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that King Charles the 2d, in the 24th Year of his Reign, granted unto Sir Richard Stydolph a Parcel of Land, called Marsh-land, in St. Giles' the Fields,

Com' Middlesex, for 16 Years, from 12th March, 1715, at 3 /. per Annum Rent, which had been granted for Lives, and Years, to several Persons by Queen Elizabeth: That the Petitioner purchased Sir Richard Interest,

for a valuable Consideration; and King William and Queen Mary, in the 2d Year of their Reign, granted the said Ground to Godfry Woodward, in Trust for the Petitioner, for 18 Years, after the End of the said Term, for 100l. really paid, and the Rent of 3/. per Annum, and also an Increase Rent of 97 /. per Annum, all which the Petitioner purchased of his said late Majesty on the 1st of July, 1693, for 791/. paying the said Rent of 3/. per Annum, during the said Terms; since which, the Petitioner has made Building Leases to several Persons, who have laid out great Sums of Money upon the Premises, and several of the Houses have been mortgaged, and others sold: And praying, that the Petitioner may have Leave to bring in a Clause to the Bill, for resuming several Grants, made by their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, or by the late King William, for saving the Benefit of the said Grants to the Petitioner.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the City York Citizen of York was presented to the House, and read; setting Disposition forth, that in the 4th and 5th Years of the Reign of by Will, their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, an Act of Parliament passed, to enable the Inhabitants of the Province of York to dispose of their personal Estates by their Wills, notwithstanding the Custom of that Province; but therein is a Proviso, that nothing contained therein shall extend to the Citizens of the City of York; which Proviso is found very prejudicial to the Citizens of the said City: And praying, that Leave may be given to

Cotton's

Estate.

Dover

Harbour

Punishing Mutiny and Desertion.

York Wsst

Hiding

Registry.

Privilege — Actions at Law respecting Elections: — Aylesbury Case, &c.

308

i 6° Jattuaru.

bring in a Bill, to enable the said Citizens, who are or shall be Freemen of the said City, inhabiting the rein, or in the Suburbs thereof, at the time of their Death, to dispose of their personal Estates by their Wills, notwithstanding the Custom of the said Province.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Jenkws and Sir William Robinson do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Mr. Harpur (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill for enabling Bei'na Cotton, Esquire, to sell some fart of his Estate, for Payment of his Debts, and for confirming several Conveyances, already made, of several other Parcels of his Estate, by himself and Trustees to the several Purchasers thereof; and the same was received.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for enlarging the Term of Years, granted by an Act, passed in the 1 ith and 12th Years of his late Majesty's Reign, for the Repair of Dover Harbour.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Breroer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Brewer reported from the said Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report he made Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill, for punishing Officers and Soldiers, who shall mutiny, or desert her Majesty's Service, in England or Ireland, and for punishing false Musters, and for better Payment of Quarters in England, for the Year 1704, was (according to Order) read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Friday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert and

Sir Richard Ho If ord;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the public registering of all Deeds, Conveyances, and Wills, that shah be made of any Honours, Manors, Iiands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the West Riding of the County of York, after the 29th Day of September, 1704, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

1703.

Right of any Elector, or any Person elected to serve in Parliament, in any Court of Law, or elsewhere, than before the Commons of England, in Parliament assembled (except in such Cases, as are specially provided for by Act of Parliament) will expose all Mayors, Bailiffs, and other Officers, who are obliged to take the Poll, and make a Return thereupon, to Multiplicity of Actions, vexatious Suits, and insupportable Expences, and will subject them to different and independent Jurisdictions, and inconsistent Determinations in the same Case, without Relief.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Mathew Ashby, having, in Contempt of the Jurisdiction of this House commenced and prosecuted an Action at Common Law against William White, and others, the Constables of Aylesbury, for not receiving his "Vote at an Election of Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Aylesbury, is guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

5. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That whosoever shall presume to commence or prosecute any Action, Indictment, or Information, at Common Law, which shall bring the Right of the Electors, or Persons elected to serve in Parliament, to the Determination of any other Jurisdiction, than that of the House of Commons (except in Cases specially provided for by Act of Parliament) such Person and Persons, and all Attorneys, Solicitors, Counsellors, and Serjeants at Law, soliciting, prosecuting, or pleading in, any such Case, are guilty of a high Breach of the Privilege of this "House.

The 1st, ad, 3d, and 4th, Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The 5th Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by leaving out " at Common Law."

And the same was, u(x>n the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, so amended, That whoever shall presume to eommeuce or prosecute any Action, Indictment, or Information, which shall bring the Right of the Electors, or Persons elected to serve in Parliament, to the Determination of any other Jurisdiction, than that of the House of Commons (except in Cases specially provided for by Act of Parliament) such Person and Persons, and all Attorneys, Solicitors, Counsellors, and Serjeants at Law, soliciting, prosecuting, or pleading in, any such Case, are guilty of a high Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, That the said Resolutions be fixed upon Westminster~hall Gate, signed by the Clerk.

Mr. Freeman (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to w hom it was referred tp consider of the Report of the Journals of the House of Lords, touching the Case of Ashby and White, and the Case of Barnardiston and Soame, the Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are, as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, according to the known Laws and Usage of Parliament, it is the sole Right of the Commons of England, in Parliament assembled (except in Cases otherwise provided for by Act of Parliament) to examine, and determine, all Matters relating to the Right of Election of their own Members.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of tins Committee, That, according to the known Laws and Usage of Parliament, neither the Qualification of any Elector, or the Right of any Person elected, is cognizable or determinable elsewhere, than before the Commons of England, in Parliament assembled, except in such Cases, as axe specially provided for by Act of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the examining, and determining, the Qualification or 3

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Resumption Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the of Grant . Bills of Resumption of Grants.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of die Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred, and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bilb.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning supply Bill; next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Annuities, upon the Bill, to raise Money for carrying on the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions, by selling Annuities at several Rates, and for such respective Terms, or Estates, as are therein mentioned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

4

.2 Ann.

27" Jattu

l°9

Ltave of Absence.

Jovis, 27 dieJanuaru;

Anno 2° Annoe Regina.

Prayers.

OR DE R ED, That Sir Philip Sidcnham have Leave

to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Kopp,' Nat. . An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Isaacwas read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Cotton's A Bili, for enabling Bernard Cotton, Esquire, to sell

Estate. some Part of his Estate, for Payment of his Debts, and for confirming several Conveyances, already made, of several other Parcels of his Estate, by himself and Trustees, to the several Purchasers thereof/was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Styir's Mr. Brewer ,(according to Order) presented to the

Eetute. House a Bijl, to establish and confirm a Partition, and Agreement, of, and touching, the Estate of Sir Thomas Style, late of Rateringin the County of Kent, . Baronet, deceased; and the same was received, and read

the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Jarman's An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for the vesting of Nine Messuages in the Parish of St.

Giles in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, being the Estate of William Jarman, and Mary his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold, and for settling, in lieu thereof, a Messuage, and certain Lands in Whip Toltrenhoe, and Sludham, in the County of Bedford, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Freeman, Mr. Harcourt, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Mr. Moor,

: Lord Chenie, Sir Fra. Mussam, Mr. Mr. Johnson,

Mr. Price, Mr. Annesley, Mr. Dyot, Sir Mr.

Vernon, Lord Powlet, Mr. Cesar, Mr. Gulston, Mr. Hal- sey, Sir Fra. Lee, Mr. Pigott, Mr. Bhfeld, Mr.

Mr. Clark, Mr. Clayton;and all, that serve for the

- Counties of Hertford, ,' and Bucks: And they

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the

- Speaker's Chamber.

Army Debts. The House being informed, that the Commissioners, appointed to take, examine, and determine, the Debts, due to the Army, and Navy, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes, taken during the late . War, were ready to make their Report of their Proceedings to this House;

Ordered, That the said Commissioners do lay before this House the Report of their Proceedings, with all convenient Speed.

York Citizen Mr. Jenkins (according to Order) presented to the

Disposition House a Bill, to repeal a Proviso in an Act of the Fourth fcy Will.

Year of the lleign of King William and Queen Mary, which prevents the Citizens of the City of York from disposing of their personal Estates by their Will, as others, inhabiting within the Province of York, by that Act may do; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Secpnd time.

Newcastle Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of under Line Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Election. Borough of Nexocastle under Line, in the County of Stafford,be made upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ferrar's ' A Bill, to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Corn-Debt to the missioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to com-Crown. pound with John Terror, Esquire, for a Debt due from him, as Surety for John Gentleman, late Re-

ceiver-general for the County of Cambridge, and Isle of Ely,was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Tho. Mcers,

Vo l. 14.

Mr. Winingion, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Jolliffe, Mr. Dryden,

Mr. Wylde, Sir Nich. Pelham, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Dol-hen, Sir William Bowes, Mr. Masters, Mr. Pigott, Mr.

Wort ley, Mr. Gee, Mr. Lowndes, Colonel Grahme, Sir

Math. 'Dudley, Mr. Fleming, Mr. Mr. Annesley,

Mr. Pupillon, Mr. Clark, Sir Fra. Mr. Law-

son, Mr. Carteret, Sir Jacob Astley, Sir Dudley Cullum,

Mr. Bere, Mr. Naylor, Mr. Wentworth, Mr. Morgan; and all, that serve for the Counties of and

Huntington: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

4

Mr. Brewer (according to Order) reported from the Dover Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for Harbour, enlarging the Term of Veal's granted by an Act, passed in the 1 ith and 12th Years of his late Majesty's Reign, for the Repair of Dover Harbour, was committed, the Amendments, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill, to restrain the Exportation of Silver and Gold to Exporting the East Indies, was read the First time. Bullion.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Alexander Johnstou nc, Esquire, waspre- Resumption sented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Pe- of Grants, titioner having expended several great Sums in Services to the late King William, and thereby contracted many great Debts, his Majesty did grant the Petitioner a Rent-charge of 300l. per Annum, for 31 Years, out of the Estate of Sir Roger Strickland, forfeited by his Attainder for High Treason; but the Petitioner never reaped the least Benefit thereby, but, on the contrary, spent a great deal of Money in Defence of his Majesty's Title, and, by colour of fraudulent Conveyances, could not obtain Possession thereof:

That, in Consideration of the Surrender of the said Rent-charge, and the fruitless Expence the Petitioner had been at, his said Majesty, 5 August, 1697, granted the Petitioner the Manor of Thornton Bridge, and other the Estate of the said Sir Roger Strickland, for 21 Years; and the Petitioner hath ever since been engaged in several chargeable Suits, relating to the said Estate, and above a Moiety thereof hath been evicted from him; and, should the said Grant be resumed, it would be the utter Ruin of the Petitioner, and his Family: And praying, that the remaining 15 Years of the said Term may be saved to the Petitioner, by the Bill, for resuming several Grants, made by their late Majesties King William and Queen Alary (of glorious Memory) or by the said late King William.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) presented to the Recruiting House a Bill, for raising Recruits for the Land Forces, Force , and for dispensing with part of the Act for the Encouragement and Increase of Shipping and Navigation, during the present War; and the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, for the Increase of Increase of Seamen, and better Encouragement of Navigation, be Se ®en. read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Poor Law , night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for the better Relief, Employment, and Settlement, of the Poor.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning East Iui]ia next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Trade, to consider further of the Trade to the East Indies.

41 Resolved,

Publick

Accounts.

Proceeding in Lords respecting a Record in Chancery — Bathurst v. J ord Wharton.

Members

summoned.

Adams

Estate

Leave of Absence.

Phillipson's

Estate.

Andrews'

Estate.

310

Resolved, That this House will, upoq Saturday Morning next, take into Consideration the Reports, and Observations, of the Commissioners for taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Report of the Journal of the House of Lords, and also of the Petition of Bathurst, Esquire, referred to the said Committee;

Ordered \That the Serjeant do go with his Mace into Westminster-hall, and Courts there, and Court of

Requests, and Places adjacent, and summon the Members there, to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly:

And being returned;

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into the said Committee of the whole House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Freeman took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Freeman reported from the said Committee, that they had come to some Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

.Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 28 die Januarii;

Anno 2 Ann® Regina,

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Sale of certain Lands in , in the County of Northampton, of Adams, Clerk, for

Payment of Debts, and Portions to his younger Brothers and Sisters, and for settling other Lands, of greater Value, upon his Wife and Children, in lieu thereof, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

1

Ordered, That Mr. Sicift have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Colonel Graham reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill, to vest Part of the Estate of Sir lipson, Knight, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of Debts, and for charging Part thereof with Maintenance for a Daughter, who is a Lunatick, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Comyns reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill, to charge the Estate of Ambrose Andrews, Gentleman, with a certain Sum of Money for Payment of Debts, and to supply some Defects in the Settlement of the said Estate, by giving Power to John Andrews, Sou and Heir apparent of the said Ambrose, to make a Jointure, and Leases of the said Estate, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Purties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several

Januarii. A. 1703.

Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; which be read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Cocks (according to Order) presented to the House Scudamore' a Bill, for Sale of Part of the Estate late of Ambrose Estate. Scudamore, Esquire, for Payment of the Mortgage money and Debts chargeable thereon, and for disposing of the Residue of the Money for the Benefit of Ann Scudamore, and William Scudamore, the Widow, and eldest Son, of the said Ambrose Scudamore; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir William Hustler (according to Order) presented to insolvent the House a Bill, for the Discharge of such insolvent Debtor . Debtois, as shall serve in her Majesty's Fleet, or Army; and the same was received.

An ingrossed Bill, for the erecting a Work-house in the Worcester City of Worcester, and for setting on Work the Poor Work, house, there, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Tide lie,

An Act for the erecting a Work-house in the City of Worcester, and for setting the Poor on Work there.

Ordered, That Sir Joseph Jekyll do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill, for the Increase of Seamen, and Increase of better Encouragement of Navigation, was (according to beiUuea Order) read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That Overseers may act as Churchwardens.

And the same was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were severally proposed to be made, as follow; viz.

Press 3. L. After " Collector" add, " of her Majesty's Customs."

Press last, L. 2. After " Burden" insert, " not exceeding 300 Ton."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at die Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act for the Increase of Seamen, and better Encouragement of Navigation, and Security of the Coal Trade.

Ordered, That Mr. Clark do carry the Bill to the Lords, and dtsire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Freeman (according to Order) reported from the Proceeding Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred in Lords to consider of die Report of the Journal of the House of

Lords, and the Petition of Charles Bathurst, Esquire, chancery_

the Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to Bathurst the House; which he. read in his Place, and afterwards v. Lord delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were "'barton, read, and are as follow; viz.

1. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Lords taking Cognizance of, and proceeding upon, the Petition of Thomas Lord Wharton, complaining of an Order of the Court of Exchequer, bearing Date the 15th Day of July, 1701, for filing the Record of a Survey of the Honour of Richmond, in the County of York, is without Precedent, and unwarrantable, and tends to the subjecting the Rights and Properties of all the Commons of England to an illegal and arbitrary Power.

2. llesolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That it is the undoubted Right of all the Subjects of England to make such Use of the said Record, as they might by Law have done before the said Proceedings of the House of Lords.

The

.ia

2 Ann. . 280 — 290

The 1st Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, before " Lords" to add, " House of."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made, after " Richmond," to insert, " and Lordship of ."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made, to leave out " Commons," and, instead thereof, to insert " Subjects."

And the Question being put, That the Word " Commons" stand Part of the Resolution;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, so amended, That the House of Lords taking Cognizance of, and proceeding upon, the Petition of Thomas Lord Wharton, complaining of an Order of the Court of Exchequer, bearing Date the 1.5th Day of July, 1701, for filing the Record of a Survey of the Honour of Richmond, and Lordship of Middleham, in the County of York,is without Precedent, and unwarrantable, and tends to the subjecting the Rights and Properties of all the Commons of England to an illegal and arbitrary Power.

The 2d Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by leaving out " Subjects," and inserting " Commons" instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Word "Subjects" dp stand Part of the Resolution;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That it is the undoubted Right of all the Subjects of to malce such Use of the said Record, as they might by Law have done before the said Proceedings of the House of Lords.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. , and Mr.

Hiccocks:

Mr. Speaker,

Foot'sEstaie. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Arabella Foot to lay out Monies, belonging to her Son Topham Foot, in Purchases of Lands for his Benefit, without any Amendments:

Lord Carte- Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An ret's Estate. Act for vesting several Estates in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, and several Leasehold Estates, in Trustees, for raising Portions for the younger Children of George Lord Carteret, deceased, and for laying out the Overplus of the Money, raised by such Sales, in purchase of other Lands, with some Amendments; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

School for Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn-Navigation. ing next, take into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Lewis Maidwell, Esquire, was referred.

Punishing Ordered, That the Bill, for punishing Officers, and Sol-Jdutiny and 1 <liers, who shall mutiny, or desert her Majesty's Service, in Desertion. England or Ireland, and for punishing false Musters, and for better Payment of Quarters in England, for the Year 1704, be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Recruiting Ordered, That the Bill, for raising Recruits for the the i'orces. Land Forces, and for dispensing with Part of the Act for the Encouragement and Increase of Shipping and Navigation, during the present War, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Resumption A Petition of William Earl of Rochford was presented of Grants, to the House, and read; setting forth, that their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, in Consideration of the Petitioner's long and faithful Services, did grant him an Estate belonging to the late Marquis of Pouis, forfeited Vol. 14.

Januarii. In

to the Crown by his Attainder; but the Petitioner bath reaped little Profit thereby, having been long kept out of Possession thereof, though he hath spent much Money to get it: That the Petitioner, and his Father, have renr dered the Crown of England many faithful Services, particularly to King Charles the Second, and the rest of the royal Family, in their Exile, whom the Petitioner's Father entertained at his own Charge, until they were compelled to leave that Country; and the Petitioner, and his eldest Son, have not been wanting in shewing their Zeal for her present Majesty upon all Occasions: And praying, that the Petitioner's Right to the said Grant may be saved in the Bill, depending in the House, for resuming several Grants, made by their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary (of glorious Memory) or by the said late King William.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the said Bill, and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Ways and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Meafl House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committees

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 29° die Ja-Anno 2 Annas Regina.

Praters. , -

A PETITION of Rene Rane, and others, was pre- Rane's, Resented to the House, and read; setting forth, that Nat the Petitioners are all Foreigners, Protestants, well affected to her Majesty's Government, and have brought what Effects they had into this Kingdom, in order to reside here: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr.

Crosse and Mr. Guy do prepare, and bring in, the Bilk

Mr. Thomas Onslow reported from the Committee, to Evelyn's whom the Bill, to enable George Evelyn, Esquire, to raise Estate. Portions for his Brothers and Sisters, according to his Father's Settlement and Will, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read once throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill, for prolonging the Time, granted by an Act of Importin| Parliament, made in the First Year oi her Majesty's Reign, t lrown Sdk

for

St. Leger , &c. Nat.

Motton's and Earl Montagu's Estate.

Lord Carteret's Estate.

Promissory

Notes.

Irish Forfeitures.

Privilege.

Januarii. A. 1705.

for importing into England Thrown Silk, of the Growth of Sicily, from Leghorn, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill tie committed to Mr. Moor, Sir Gervas Elwes, Sir IVm. Hustler, Mr. Crosse, Sir Hales, Mr. Clark, Mr. Carteret, Mr. Mr.

Brewer, Mr. Fancy, Mr. Kemp, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Pagitt, Sir Cyrill JVych, Mr. Dolben, Mr. 'Joke, Mr.

Harley, Sir Robert Eden, Sir Clia. Bloys, Mr. Dyot, Sir John Mordant, Mr. Pigott, Sir Massam, Mr. Bridges,

Mr. Romney, Mr. Moncton, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Cur son; and all

the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Franklyn, and Sir Robert Regard:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Henry Boisrond de St. Leger, Peter de la Grange, Lewis JVadden, and others; to which they desire

the Concurrence of this House:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for settling and confirming several Exchanges with Ralph Earl Montagu, of several Lands and Commons of Simon Motton, and others, lying in in the County of Northampton, for several Lands of the said Earl's, lying near to the same, and for confirming several Agreements relating to the said Exchanges, without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers w ithdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting several Estates in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, and several Leasehold Estates, in Trustees, for raising Portions for the younger Children of George Lord Carteret, deceased, and for laying out the Overplus of the Money, raised by such Sales, in Purchase of other Lands;

And the said Amendment's, being twice read, W'ere, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, and are, as follow; viz.

19 Skin, 5 L. For " actual," read " actually."

' 20 Skin, 16 L. For " bebar," read " debar."

Ordered, That Sir Cyrill JVych do carry the Bill to the Lords, anil acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for giving like Remedy upon Notes, promising Payment of Money, as is now upon Bills of Exchange; and that Mr. Eyres do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, to enlarge the Time, for the Purchasers of the forfeited Estates in Ireland to make the Payment of their Purchase-money.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Dolben took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Dolben reported from the said Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Tuesday Morning next.

The House being informed, that IFm. Younge (against whom there was, on Monday, the 16th Instant, a Complaint of a Breach of Privilege against the Lord Powlett, a Member of this House) was employed by John Lauz, Lancelot Tolson, Thomas.Crosse, and Richard poole, Gentlemen; and that they were also concerned in the Prosecution of the Matter so complained of, and also in further Proceedings in the Court of Chancery against the Tenants of the said Jxird Powlctt, and his

Estate, in Breach of the Privilege of this House J

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of

Privileges and Elections to cxamitlc the Matters aforesaid, and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Mr. Toke reported, that the Members, appointed to Examination search the Journals of the House of Lord , touching their Proceedings upon the late Address of this House to Lords, her Majesty, and their Representation thereupon, and also to search Precedents, concerning Commitments by the House of Lords, in Cases, w here Persons have been in the Custody of the Crow n, had searched the same accordingly: And he read in his Place what they found therein, and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Resolved, That this House w ill, upon Tuesday Morning next, take the said Report into Consideration.

Ordered, That the adjourned Debate, touching the Importing Commitment of the Bill, for the reviving of an Act, Sall-Petrc made in the 5th and 6th Year of their late Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for the Importation of Saltpetre for one Year, be further adjourned till this Day Seven-night.

Resohed, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Duties on night, take into Consideration the Petitions, relating to Logwood, the Duties upon Logwood.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- Licentious-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole nes 01 the House, upon the Bill, to prevent the Licentiousness of 1>ress-the Press.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply Bill; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Annuities, the Bill, to raise Money for carrying on the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions, by selling Annuities at several Rates, and for such respective Terms, or Estates, as are therein mentioned;

And the Question being put, That Mi'. Speaker do leave the Chair;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas, \ cZwicy: },85-

Tellers for, be Noes, {Z.Hcr',e:} ?'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, to raise Money for carrying on the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions, by selling Annuities at several Rates, and for such respective Terms, or Estates, as are therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had made some Progress in the Bill, and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, on Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House (according to Order) proceeded to take Publick into Consideration the Report, and Observations, of the Account . Commissioners for taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom.

And the same was read.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Seven-night, take the said Report, and Observations, into further Consideration.

Ordered, That the Earl of Ranclagh, late Paymaster of the Army, have a Copy of so much of the said Report, and Observations, as concerns him; and that he do give in his Answer in Writing the reunto, to this House, by Tuesday come Seven-night.

Ordered,

j Jid

2 Ann. 29° Januarii — i Februarii. 313

Scotch

Conspiracy.

Punishing Mutiny and Desertion.

Ordered, That a Copy of the said Report, and Observations, as to what relates to the Earl of Orford, be delivered to him.

Ordered, That Mr. Papillon, late Cashier of the Victualling, have a Copy of so much of the said Report, and Observations, as relates to bim; and that he do give in his Answer, in Writing, thereunto, to this House, by Tuesday come Sevennight.

Ordered, That Mr. Burk, late Agent for the Victualling at Lexerpoole, have a Copy of so much of the said

Report, and Observations, as concerns him; and that he do attend this House upon Tuesday Sevennight

Ordered, That the late Commissioners for Sick and Wounded, and Mr. Povey, their Receiver, have a Copy, of so much of the said Report, and Observations, as concerns them; and that they do give in their Answer, in Writing, thereunto, to this House, by Tuesday come Sevennight.

Ordered, That Mr. John Knight and Mr. Bartholomew Burton have a Copy of so much of the said Report, and Observations, as concerns them; and that they do give in their Answer, in Writing, thereunto, to this House, by Tuesday come Sevennight.

Ordered, That the late Commissioners of the Victualling have a Copy of so much of the said Report, and Observations, as concerns them; and that they do give in their Answer, in Writing, thereunto, to this House, by Tuesday come Sevennight.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Baker have a Copy of so much of the said Report, and Observations, as concerns him; and that he do give in his Answer, in Writing, thereunto, to this House, by Tuesday come Sevennight.

Ordered, That Mr. Auditor Bridges have a Copy of so much of the said Report, and Observations, as concerns him; and that he do give in his Answer, in Writing, thereunto, to this House, by Tuesday come Sevennight.

Mr. Secretary Hedges acquainted the House, that he was commanded by her Majesty to lay before the House on Account of the Conspiracy in Scotland:

And he presented the same, together with several Papers relating the reunto; and afterwards acquainted the House, that there are some other Particulars, which her Majesty thinks cannot at present be communicated to the House without prejudice to her Service, and obstructing the further Discovery.

And the 'l ilies of the said Account, and Papers, were read, by a Schedule; which Schedule is, as followeth; vis,

A. Account of the Conspiracy in Scotland.

B. Extract of Lovatt's Letters.

No. 1. Pigault's Letter.

2. Ditto, to John Jordan.

3. Affidavit of Tho. Emptage.

4. Sir John Maclean's Discovery.

5. The Names of the Chieftains, and the Number of

Men to be raised.

6. Clark's Affidavit.

7- Campbell's Letter to Clark.

8. Campbell's Discovery.

9, to David Lindsay's Papers.

12. Mr. Ftrguson'sNarrative.

13. Captain Mlloud's Declaration before the Council

of Scotland.

14. 15. Three Papers received from the Duke of

Queensberry, being an Account of his Proceedings with Frazier.

16. And the 3d, being a Copy of a Letter from Frazier to the Duke of Queensberry.

Copy of a Letter from Smeato Mr.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, take the said Account, and Papers, into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Bill, for punishing Officers, and Soldiers, who shall mutiny, or desert her Majesty's Service, in England, or Ireland, and for punishing false Musters, and for better Payment of Quarters in England,

Vol. 14.

for the Year 1704, be read a Second time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Bill for raising Recruits for the Recruiting Land Forces, and for dispensing with Part of the Act for the Forces, the Encouragement and increase of Shipping and Navigation, during the present War, be afterwards read the First time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Pitt, Mr. Topham, Mr. Clark, Lord Grey' Mr. Bere, Mr. Pullney, be added to the Committee, to c sUle-whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, for confirming the Execution of an Agreement, made between Ralph Lord Grey, Baron of Werlcc, and Charles Lord touching certain Manors, Lands, and Tenements, in the Counties of Northumberland, Middlesex, and City of don, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning next, Nine a Clock.

Mortis, 1 die Febj

Anno 2 Ann® Regina.

Pra r ers.

ABILL, to rectify a literal Mistake in a common Re- Herbert's covery, suffered by Sir Humphry Herbert, Baronet, Estate, and in the Deeds and Writs of Entry relating the reunto, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Bowes, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Harpur, Mr. Sharpe, Sir Tho. Davall, Mr . Jcssopp, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Kemp,

Mr. York, Mr. Dormer, Sir JVm. Hustler, Mr. Paget, Mr. Stockdale, Mr. Cotton, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Hunger-Jord, Sir Fra. Blake, Mr. Mansell, Sir Robinson,

Mr. Foley, Mr. Lamplugh, Mr. Mr. Gould,

Sir John Kay, Mr. Compton, Mr. Winstanley; and all, that serve for Durham and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's

A Bill, for enabling Bernard Cotton, Esquire, to sell Cotton's some Part of his Estate, for Payment of Debts, and for Estate, confirming several Conveyances, already made, of several other Parcels of his Estate, by himself and Trustees, to the several Purchasers thereof, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Parker,

Sir Jacob Astley, Sir Wm. Hustler, Mr. Jessop, Mr.

Harpur, Mr. Cotton, Mr. Halford, Mr. Dymock, Ixjrd Chenie, Mr. Pigott, Mr. Mansell, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Guy,

Mr. Pagit, Mr. Bridgman, Sir Tho. Mr. Port-

man, Sir Jos.Tredenham, Sir Chr. Hales, Sir John Kay,

Mr. Gery, Mr. Crosse; and all, that serve for the Counties of Derby, Stafford, Nottingham, and Leicester: And they,

are to -meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to Dr. Wynn Doctor Wynn, for the Sermon by him preached before thanked, this House Yesterday, at St. Margaret's, Westminster; and that he be desired to print the same; and that Mr. Mansell and the Lord Chenie do acquaint bim therewith.

A Petition of Richard Lord Viscount Lonsdale, by the Resumption Lady Vicountess Ixmsdale, his Mother and Guardian, of Grants, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that King William aild Queen Mary, 15th April, in the 6th Year of their Reign, did, in Consideration of 1,000l. lease to John Lord Fitzharding the Fourth Part of the Manor and Barony of Kendall, for 99 Years, after the Death of Queen Dowager; and in August, 1695, John Lord Viscount Lonsdale, the Petitioner's Father, purchased the Lord Fit zharding's Interest therein for 3,200l.

And praying, that a Clause may be inserted in the Bill, for resuming several Grants, made by their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, for saving the Benefit of the said Lease to the Petitioners.

4 K Ordered,

Resumption of Giants.

Listers

Estate.

Tyrill's

Estate.

Ranc't, &c. Nat.

-Army

lJfbts.

314 i° Februarii.'; 1703.

' Ordered;That the Consideration of the said Petition be

referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Katherine Hastings, Widow and Relict of Brigadier Hastings, lately deceased, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner's said Husband dying possessed of an old Messuage or Inn, called the Unicorn Inn, and a Stable-yard, in the Hay-market, Westminster, for 48 Years unexpired at Michael-

mas, 1692, under a Grant thereof, made by King Charles the Second to Hairy late Earl of St. Albans, the late King William ,in Consideration of the Petitioner's Husband's Services, did grant him the said Premises for 51 Years, from Michaelmas, 1740, at 5 per Annum Rent: And praying, that the said reversionary Grant may be saved to the Petitioner, by a Proviso to be added to the Bill, for resuming several Grants, made by their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, or by the said late King William.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition 0 i Richard Lister, Esquire, and Frances Pate

Lister his Wife, was presented to the House, ami read; setting forth, that the Petitioner Frances wa3 the Sole Daughter and Heir of Sir Tho. Smith, Baronet, deceased, who died sei-ed of divers Manors and Lands in the County of Chester, which descend to her: That Sir Tho. was indebted to several in great Sums, which are yet unpaid; and the Petitioners have many younger Children, unprovided for in their Marriage Settlement: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, to vest the said Estate of the said Sir Thomas Smith, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of his Debts, and making Provision for such younger Children, and the Overplus to be applied in Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses, as in their Marriage Settlement, and for confirming such Leases and Sales, as have been made towards the Discharge Qf the said Debts.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir George Beaumont and Mr. Winstanky do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Dormer (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, to vest the Manor of Hanslopp and thropp, and all other the Lands and Hereditaments of Sir Peter Tyrill, Baronet, and Thomas Esquire, his

Son, in the County of Bucks, in Trustees, to sell Part thereof, for Payment of Debts, and to settle other Lands and Hereditaments there, being of an equal Value, in lieu of the Lands to be sold; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An Account of the Regiments, whereof the Arrears, due to the Nou-commissioned Ollicers and Soldiers, are, and are not, certified; and,

An Account of the Sums of Money; arising from Respites taken off, and other Allowances made in the Regiments, certified for since the last Accounts thereof laid before this House; and,

An Abstract of the Account of Prizes, taken during the late War with France; and,

A Particular of the Grants, paid by the Commissioners for Prizes, for which they have Credit in the 1 lth Article of the Abstract of their Account.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Report and Papers, were read.

Ordered, That the said Report, and other Papers, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts and Abstracts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

Sir John Mordaunt reported from the Committee, to Keyt's whom the Bill, for the settling the Manor of Creech, in Estate, the County of Somerset, in Trus tees, to enable them to renew Leases, for the Maintenance of the younger Sons ' of William Keyt, Esquire, deceased, during their Minority, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations in the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House:

Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill, to repeal a Proviso in an Act of the Fourth YorkCiti «» Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Maiy, Disposition which prevents the Citizens of the City of York from by w,u-disposing of their personal Estates by their Wills, as others, inhabiting within the Province of by that

Act may do, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Kay,

Sir Wm. Robinson, Mr. Jenkins, Sir Robert Dovers, Sir

John Lyddall, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Blofeld, Mr. Vernon, Sir

Robert Eden, Sir Wm.Hustler, Mr. Sir Fra.

Massam, Sir Wm. Bou es, Mr. Harpur, Colonel Grahme; and all, that serve for the County of York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Crosse (according to Order) presented to the House a BiH, for naturalizing Rene Ranc, Matthew Deckar, and others; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House being acquainted, that the Commissioners, appointed to take, examine, and determine, the Debts, due to the Army, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes, taken during the late War, attended, they were called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

The Report of the Commissioners of Accounts, about the Army, Transports, and Prizes; and,

An Abstract of the Certificates, and Debentures, made forth to the late Paymaster of her Majesty's Forces by the Commissioners, appointed to take, examine, and determine, the Debts, due to the Army, &c. since the last Account thereof laid before tins House; with a Distinction of the Deduction of Poundage, during the whole Time of the respective Accounts; and,

r " -

A Bill, for making good the Defect of the Provision Relief of intended for Captain James Roche, was read a Second Capt. Roche, time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. //oar'.

Sir Wm. Hustler, Lord Coningsby, Sir Eden, Sir

Sim. Harcourt, Mr. Aylmer, Sir John Sir 'Tho.

Pelham, Sir Fra.Massam, Mr. Crosse, Sir Tho.

Mr. Dolben, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. Braver, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Annesky, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Manley, Sir Wm. Thomas, Sir Nich. Pelham, Sir Kay, Sir Jos.

Jekyll, Sir Wm. Strickland, Mr. Hu Mr. Bertie, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Blofeld, Mr. Dormer, Sir Fra. Child,

Mr. Paget, Sir Wm. Coriton, Sir Hump.:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of John Baker, eldest Son of Colonel Baker, Baker's late Governor of Londonderry, in behalf of himself, his Claims. Brothers, and Sister, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner's said Father did signal Services in defending that Place against the

v herein

Call of the House.

Newcastle under Line Election.

2 Ann.

Februarii.

315

wherein he lost his Life; in Consideration whereof, their late Majesties granted to his Widow and Children 3001. per Annum, to be paid out of the Treasury of England, until better Provision could be made for them out of the Irish Forfeitures: That, in 1694, their late Majesties, in lieu of the said 3001, per Annum, granted to the Petitioner, and his Heirs, the Town and Lands of to the Value of above 300l. per Annum, late the Propriety of Nicholas Gernon, an outlawed forfeiting Person, found so by Inquisition, and that he was only Tenant for Life, Remainder to Two of his Sons in Tail (who are both dead without Issue) Remainder to George Gernon in Tail, who then stood outlawed for High Treason: and no further Limitation was heard of, or known, but a Reversion in the right Heirs of Nicholasbut now one Edward Gernon claims the said Estate, by virtue of a pretended Deed, limiting a Remainder to him after the Death of Geo. Gernon; and that the Petitioners Title under the Crown is (by his Death) determined, which never was intended by the Parliament of England, who, by the Act of Resumption of the Irish Forfeitures, particularly reserved the Benefit of the said Grant to the Petitioner, his Mother,'Brothers, and Sister: And praying, that the said Estate may be preserved to the said Family against all pretended Irish Remainders in Tail, by such Methods, as the House shall think fit

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Trustees for Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and state the Matter of Fact to the House.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further adjourned till this Day Seven-night.

Resolved, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of Newcastle under Line, be now received.

Mr. Bromley reported, from the said Committee, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the said Election, and the Three Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afWwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are, as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of Sir Tho. Bellot, Baronet, complaining of an undue Election and Return of John Crew Qffley, Esquire, to serve in Parliament for the

Borough of Netvcastle under Line

That it was agreed, That the Right of Election was in the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses: That the Sons of Freemen, born while their Fathers were resident within the Borough, and those, who have served Apprenticeships, demanding to be made free within a Year after their Apprenticeships are expired, have a Right to their Freedoms.

That it was further agreed, That Burgesses, living a Year and Day out of the Borough, lost their Freedom.

The Petitioner's Counsel opened, that they did not pretend to a Majority on the Poll, nor particularly to take off so many V otes, as would give it them; but should prove such Practices in the Sitting Member, or his Agents, as would set aside his Election; and hoped, the Committee would consequently be of Opinion, that the Petitioner, with a less Number, was duly elected.

That then Evidence was called to the following Particulars: That the Mayor was very partial in soliciting Votes for the Sitting Member; in refusing to swear some, that had a Right to their Freedom; in denying to poll others; and in binding some of the Petitioner's Voters to the Peace.

That there was Evidence also given, as to Treats, and Entertainments, on the Sitting Member's Account

That at the Election there were several By-brewers, that drew Drink for the Burgesses, that voted for him; and their Houses were distinguished by green Boughs at their Doors:

And, that the Sitting Member had given Half a Crown a-piece to Two of the Voters.

Vol. 14.

That, in Answer,

The Sitting Member's Counsel first produced the Poll, upon which it appeared, there were,

For the Sitting Member - - 223.

For the Petitioner - - 83.

And Evidence was given, that the First time the Sitting Member came to Newcastle, and offered himself to serve for that Borough in Parliament, he was promised 240 Votes; and therefore was under no Temptation to use any indirect Practices, to secure his Election.

That no Burgess was refused to be polled, but only a Minor, that offered his Vote for the Sitting Member.

That the Mayor made Men free even on the Day of the Election, who demanded their Freedom; and refused none, that had a Right.

That some of the Burgesses, and others, were disorderly, and made such Disturbance at the Sitting Member's Inn, that the Magistrates were sent for to quiet them; who bound all over indifferently, that were informed against

That the Sitting Member did himself forbid several publick Houses treating on his Account.

That the Burgesses, when they were at publick Houses, and the Entertainments, generally paid their Clubs.

That green Boughs were common at most Houses in the Town, and some strewed in the Streets.

That several Burgesses were treated on the Petitioner's Account

That some were threatened, they should be prosecuted for Money they owed, if they did not vote for the Petitioner; and it was undertaken, another should not be troubled, if he voted for him.

That Money was given, and more offered, and some lent, to Burgesses, with a Promise it should not be demanded, if they voted for the Petitioner.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Resolutions;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That John Crew Offley, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Newcastle under Line, in the County of Stafford.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Sir Thomas Bellott, Baronet, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Newcastle under Line.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That die Election of a Burgess for the said Borough of Newcastle underLine, isavoid Election.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That no Warrant do issue this Session, for making out a new Writ, for electing a Burgess for the said Borough of Newcastle under Line, in the room of the said Mr. Offley, whose Election is declared void.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Mom- East India ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Trade House, to consider further of the Trade to the East India's.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Mom- School for ing next, take into Consideration the Report from the Navigation. Committee to whom the Petition of Lewis Maidwell,

Esquire, was referred.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Mom- Examination ing next, take into Consideration the Report of the of suspected Journal of the House of Lords, with relation to the b>

Address of this House to her Majesty, and the Lords r Representation.

Ordered, That the Members, formerly appointed to search the Journals of the House of Lords, touching their Proceedings upon the said Address, and Representation, do also search the Journals of the House of Lords, touching their Proceedings relating to the Papers, transmitted from her Majesty, concerning the Conspiracy with France-, and report the same to the House.

The

Scotch Conspiracy

Irish Forfeitures,

Punishing Mutiny and Desertion.

Recruiting the Forces,

Cowper's

Estate

l° — Februarii. A 1703,

The House proceeded (according to Order) to take into Consideration the Account of the Conspiracy, which her Majesty was pleased to communicate to this House; and the Papers relating the reunto: And the same was read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, acknowledging her Majesty's great Goodness, in communicating the Papers, relating to the treasonable Correspondence with the CoUrt of France and Germans; and that this House is abundantly satisfied in her Majesty's wise Conduct, and great Care of her People; and also to assure her Majesty, that this House will, to the utmost, support her Majesty against all her Enemies whatsoever;

An Amendment was proposed to be made, by leaving out " relating to," and inserting " wherein are contained," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words, " relating to," stand Part of the Question;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for he Y«$f; } 9--

Tellers for the Noes, ^; }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That an humble Ad dress be presented to her Majesty, acknowledging her Majesty's great Goodness, in communicating the Papers, relating to the treasonable Correspondence with the Court of France and St. Germans; and that this House is abundantly satisfied in, her Majesty's wise Conduct, and great Care of her People; and also to assure her Majesty, that this House will, to the utmost, support her Majesty against all her Enemies whatsoever.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House, as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, to inlarge the Time, for the Purchasers of the forfeited Estates in Ireland to make the Payment of their Purchase money, was committed, be maae upon Thursday Morning next

Ordered, That the Bill, for punishing Officers, and Soldiers, who shall mutiny, or desert her Majesty's Service, in England or Ireland, and for punishing false Musters, and for better Payment of Quarters in England, for the Year 1704, be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill, for raising Recruits for the Land Forces, and for dispensing with Part of the Act for the Encouragement and Increase of Shipping and Navi-ration, during the present War, be afterwards read the First time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. C, Sir William Drake,

Mr. ScobeU, Mr. Cox, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Renda, Mr. Hicks, Sir Math. Dudley, Mr. Moor, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill, to enable Sir John Cowper, Knight, and Anth. Henley, Esquire, to make Partition, and grant building Leases, of several fessuages and Tenements in Lincoln's Inn Fields, in the Parishes of St. Giles and St. Clement's Danes, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 2° die Februarii;

Anno 2 Ann® Regi

Praters.

T3ENE Ranc, Mathew Decker, Jonas,

James Rously, John Teslas, Augustin de Cleve,

Lewis Galdy, James Angelras, Abel Denis, Francis Chef dhostel de la Roche, John Hajias, ll il/iam Martinant Necar, Peter Debaufre, Michael Garnault, Jacob baufre, and John Hastings, took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

A Bill, to establish and confirm a Partition, and Agree- Style' ment, of, and touching, the Estate of Sir Thomas Style, Estate, late of Wateringbury, in the County of Kent, Baronet, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Wm.

Hustler, Mr. Naylor, Mr. Clark, Mr. Mr.

Yates, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Brewer, Mr. St.

John, Sir Math. Dudley, Sir John Kay, Sir Nich.

Pelham, Sir H. Bunbury0 Mr. Mr. Conyers,

Mr. Toke, Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. Hayes, Sir Tho. Hales,

Sir Fra. Lee, Mr. Ward, Mr. Stanley, Sir Phil. Boteler,

Mr. Knatchbull, Mr Lawson, Mr. Stcckdale, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Nevill; and all, that serve for the County of Kent: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of John Smith, Esquire, was presented to Resumption the House, and read; setting forth, that the Estate of of tirauu. Sir William Williams, late of Vaynoibeing liable to se-

veral great Incumbrances, and also to his lady's Dower, he made his Will, and devised a perpetual Rent-charge thereout, of 5401, per Annum, and an Estate for Three Lives (of which Two are still in being) and then gave the Reversion to his late Majesty King William, who of his own Motion, granted the said Reversion to the Petitioner; which being no Part of the Demesnes of the Crown, and, by reason of its Remoteness, can be of little Advantage to the Publick: And praying, that a Clause may be admitted in the Bill, for resuming several Grants, made by their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary (of glorious Memory) or by the said late King William, for saving the said Grant to the Petitioner.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Katherine Lady Herbert, Dowager of Ditto. Cherbury, and Ann Crew Qffley, Widow, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that their late Majesties, in the Third Year of their Reign, in Consideration of 250/. to be laid out in Three Ice Houses, did grant unto Francis Parry, Esquire, a certain Parcel of Land, lying near the Circuit of St. James's Park, for 61 Years, whereon he built Four Messuages, at great Charges, Three of which the Petitioners have bought, at 5,100l. really paid: And praying, that the said Grant may be excepted out of the Bill, for resuming several GrantSj made by their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Abraham Harrison, Woollen-draper, was Ditto, presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, 3d June, in the 4th Year of their Reign, did grant to the Earl of Jersey the Manor of West Ashf ord, in the County of Devon, for 99 Years, under the ancient Rent of 11 /.

18 ss$d. per Annum, and in 1695 the Petitioner purchased the said Earl's Interest therein for 300l. which (a3 advised) was the full Value, the said Manor being granted out for Three Lives, and a Widow's Estate incident, and the yearly Rent of the said Manor, payable by the Tenants to the Lord, being but 10/. 15s. 6id. and, if let at a Rack-rent, would produce but 1.54/. per Annum,

hfesumption bi Grants.

Ditto.

Scudamore's

Estate.

Kopps' Nat.

Wheeler's

Estate.

% AttNi Februarii. §17

knd of which the Petitioner hath as yet had no Profit: vinity, to make Leases of some Houses and Ground iri

And praying, that the Petitioner's Right to the said Ma- Channon in Westminster, was committed; that they nor may be saved by the Bill in the House, for resuming had examined the Allegation! of the Bill, and found the iseveral Grants, made by their late Majesties King William same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given and Queen Mary. their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Com-

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition mittee; and that the Committee had directed him to report be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to the same to the House, without any Amendment: And whom the said Bill is committed. he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

A Petition of Mawd Johnson, Widow, Relict and Ad-

ministratrix of Samuel Johnson, Clerk, deceased, and of Benja. Johnson and Eliz. Johnson, her Children, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that his late Majesty King William, 16 March, 1696, did grant unto the said Samuel Johnson a Pension of 300l. per Annum, payable out of the Post Office, for 99 Years, if he, or his Son Benj.should so long live; which was, and is,

all the Petitioners have to subsist with: And praying, that their Right to the said Pension may be saved to them in the Bill, depending in the House, for resuming several Grants, made by their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, or by the said late King William.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition beteferred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Francis Strutt was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that in 1678 the Petitioner made a Discovery of several Lands and Tenements in Derbyshire, which were settled upon a College of Jesuits in Nottinghamshire, and in 1684 a Verdict was given for the King, which was prosecuted at the sole Charge of the Petitioner; and, in Consideration of the Petitioner's Services, their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary did grant the said Estate to the Petitioner, and his Heirs, charged with 50/. per Annum yearly to the Vicar of Newark, as an Augmentation of the said Vicarage in perpetuutn: And praying, that a Clause may be inserted in the Bill, for resuming several Grants, made by their late Majesties' King William and Queen Mary (of glorious Memory) or by the said late King William, for saving the Petitioner's-Right to the said Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Bill, for Sale of Part of the Estate late of Ambrose Scudamore, Esquire, deceased, for Payment of the Mortgage-money and Debts chargeable thereupon, and for disposing of the Residue of the Money for the Benefit of Scudamore, and William Scudamore, the Widow, and eldest Son, of the said Ambrose Scudamore, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Clark, Sir Hen.Bunbury, Mr. Yates, Sir Fra. Child, Mr. Sir

Dudly Cullum, Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. Naylor, Mr. Blath-vaife, Sir CyrillWych, Colonel Colchester, My.Conyers, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Cox, Mr. Topham, Sir II. Warburton, Mr. Thompson, Colonel Grahme, Sir John Kay, Sir Wm. Hustler; and all, that serve for the Counties of Kent, Hereford, and Gloucester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Isaac Kopps, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Fra. Massam, Colonel Colchester, Mr. Clark, Sir Dudley Cullum, Mr. Yates, Mr. Stonehuuse, Mr. Sir Kay,

Sir William Hustler, Mr. Dowdswell, Mr. Fagg, Sir Fra. Blake, Mr. Dryden, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Sir Brian Stapleton, Mr. Jenkins. Mr. Lamplugh, Mr. Ettcrick, Sir Nich. Pelham, Mr. Thompson, Sir Wm. Robinson, Sir

Wa.Yonge, Mr. BloJeld, Mr. Mr. And

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir Robert Eden reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable' Sir George Wheeler, Knight, and Doctor in Di-Vo l. 14.

Sir Brian Stapleton reported froth the Committee, to Ivor/ whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Estate-Act for supplying the Defect of the Execution of a Power in Sir John Ivory, Knight, deceased; for making Provision for his younger Children, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Mr. Dryden reported from the Committee, to whom Fcrrar'sDebt the Bill, to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commis- t01116 crown-sioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to compound with John Ferrar, Esquire, for a Debt due from him, as Surety for John Mason, Gentleman, late Receiver-general for the County of Cambridge, and Isle of Ely, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had made some Amend ments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

D

A Petition of the Officers, Soldiers, Clothiers, and Army Debt . Victuallers, of the Four Companies of New York, in America, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, thatan Arrear being due to the said Companies, before the 25th March, 1699, and no Account thereof delivered to the Commissioners of Accounts for the Army by the Earl of Rane/agh, late Paymaster of the Army, for want of Muster-rolls, either lost, at Sea, or mislaid; the Petitioners applied to this House the last Session for Relief therein; but a Clause for that Purpose, that they might be allowed complete, without Rolls, was rejected, although that, iu stating the Accounts of the Army, it has been the usual Method, where Muster-rolls are lost, to allow the Rolls in being to govern the preceding and subsequent Musters; since which, several Muster-rolls of the said Companies have been found in the said Earl's Office; who hath made out a Computation of their Pay thereby, whereby they are charged with the highest Respites; yet, by reason some Rolls are still wanting, the Commissioners of Accounts for the Army were not sufficiently enabled to certify the Arrears, which appear due by the said Computation; and that it will be a particular Hardship, if through Misfortune, which was not in the Petitioners Power to prevent, they should be the only Forces on the English Establishment, whose Arrears are not certified for: And praying, that a Clause may be inserted in some Act, to impower the Earl, of Rane/agh to compute the Petitioners Pay, pursuant to such Rolls, as are in his Hands; and that the said Commissioners of Accounts may certify the Arrears, that shall be found due to the said tompanies, and Debentures made out for Payment thereof, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Commissioners, appointed to take, examine, and determine, the Debts, due to the Army, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes, taken during the late War, to examine the Matter thereof, and state the Matter of Fact to the House.

4 L A Petition

Dutton-

niaking.

Supply Bill; TuxonOfficet and Pensions.

Duties on Salt.

Exporting

Bullion.

Promissory

Notes.

Insolvent Debtors.

Punishing Mutiny and Desertion.

Recruiting the Forces.

2° — 30 Februarii. ' 1703.

A Petition of several Traders in, and Makers of, Needlework Buttons, on behalf of themselves, and many thousand others, employed in the said Trade, in Macclesfield, Stockport, Leeke, and other adjacent Towns, in Cheshire, and Staffordshire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Act of Parliament, made in the 10th Year of his late Majesty King William, to prevent Buttons made of Stuffs, was made for the Encouragement of the Turkey Trade, and Woollen Manufacture, and the Makers of Needle-nvork Buttons; but the said Act hath been evaded by sundry new Inventions of making Buttons of Horns, Hoofs, Beans, Berries, and such-like Materials, to the great Discouragement and Impoverishment of the Petitioners: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for making the said Act more effectual, for restraining the making Buttons of Horns, Hoofs, Beans, Berries, and such-like Materials.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to explain the Act for making of Buttons so as it may restrain the'making Buttons of all Things, but Needle-work, and wrought Metals; and that Sir and Mr.

Ward do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Bill, for laying a further Tax upon Offices and Pensions, and for charging several Professions, towards raising of Money for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of die whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for the better securing and ascertaining the Duties upon Salt; and that Mr. Lowndes and Mr. Conyers do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of the Company, trading to the East Indies, was offered to the House; relating to the Bill, to restrain the Exportation of Silver and Gold to the East Indies.

And the Question being put, That the Petition be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

A Bill, to restrain the Exportation of Silver and Gold to the East Indies, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Eyres (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, for giving like Remedy upon Notes, promising the Payment of Money, as is now upon Bills of Exchange; and the same was received.

A Bill, for the Discharge of such insolvent Debtors, as shall serve in her Majesty's Fleet, or Army, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill, for punishing Officers, and Soldiers, who shall mutiny, or desert her Majesty's Service, in England or Ireland, and for punishing false Musters, and for better Payment of Quarters ip England, for the Year 1704, was (according to Order) read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the w hole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill, for raising Recruits for the Land Forces, and for dispensing with Part of the Act for the Encouragement and Increase of Shipping and Navigation, during the present War, w as (according to Order) read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second time.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a rtesumptini Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the of Gronu. Bills, for resuming several Grants, made by the late King James, and by their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary (of glorious Memory) or by the said late King William.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

I lr. Conyers took the Chair of die Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that tljey had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bills.

Mr. Secretary Hedges reported to the House, that their Answer t Address of Yesterday having been presented to her Ma- Addiess. jesty, her Majesty was pleased to receive the same very graciously; and to command him to acquaint the House,

That her Majesty is glad, you are so well satisfied with what she has done; and that she takes very kindly the Confidence you have in her, and the Assurances you have given her on this Occasion.

Ordered, That Mr. Roberts, Mr. Stringer, Sir Tho. Relief of Littleton, Mr. Dryden, Mr. King, Mr. Renda, Mr. lioc Clark, Mr. Mooi % , Mr. Clayton, Mr. Gold, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill, for making good the Defect of the Provision intended for Captain James Roch, is committed.

Ordered, That Sir William Coriton, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Importing Curson, Mr. Lcgh, Mr. Bence, Mr. Chaffin, be added to thrown Silk the Committee, to whom the Bill, for prolonging the Time, granted by «n Act of Parliament, made in the First Year of her Majesty's Reign, for importing into England thrown Silk, of the Growth of Sicily, from , is

committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 3° die Februarii;

Anno 2° Annas Regina.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords,' intituled, An Act Lord Dillon' for Sale of Part of the Estate of Henry Lord Vis- Estate, count Dillon, in the Kingdorp of Ireland, for Payment of his Debts, and for settling an Equivalent in other Part of his Estate on the Viscountess his Wife, for her Jointure, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Lord ningsby, Mr. Brewer, Sir Robert Davers, Sir Fra. Massam,

Mr. Renda, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Dyot, Mr. Clayton, Mr.

Mr. Conyers, Mr. Ward, Mr. ClaMr. Hayes, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Halsc, Mr. Verney, Mr. Bence, Mr. Fagg,

Mr. Freeman, Mr. Moor, Mr. HungeMr. Vernon, Mr. Cox, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Harley, Mr. Eyres, Mr. 'Take, Mr. Sharp, Mr. Nevi/l, Mr.

Craggs: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of Jasper Roth, of London, Merchant, was Ditto, presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that several of the Lands, mentioned in the Bill, for Sale of Part of the Lord Dillons Estate, are mortgaged to the Petitioner for a considerable Sum of Money: And praying, that Care may be taken, so as the said Bill may not prejudice the Petitioner's Mortgage.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered,

I.eave of Absence.

Awdley's

Estate.

Style's

Estate.

Lord Grey's 4c. Estate.

Button-

making.

Holden's

Estate.

2 Ann. 3° Febri 31

Ordered, That Sir Charles Shuckhorough have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

An ingrossed'BiH, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the making void certain Uses, Estates, and Trusts, limited in the Marriage Settlement of Henry Awdtey, Esquire, of certain Manors and Lands contained in that Settlement, and settling other Manors and Lands, of better Value, to and for the same Uses, Estates, and Trusts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Guy, Sir 'Dudley Culliim, Mr. Mas&n, Sir Fra. Mr.

Vaughan, Colonel Wharton, Mr. Legh, Mr. Lord Powlet, M r. Harley, Mr. Harpin', Mr. Harvey, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Wilkins, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. How, Mr. Drake, Mr. Dryden, M r. Foley, Mr. Fagg, Mr. Smith, Sir William

Drake, Mr. Lawson, Mr. Topham; and all that serve for the County of Essex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Hooker, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. kerley, Mr. Bulkley, Sir Roger Mr. Sir

Tho. Hanmere, Mr. Butler, be added to the (Committee, to w'hom the Bill, to establish and confirm a Partition, and Agreement, of, and touching, the Estate of Sir Tho. Style, late of Wateringbury, in the County of Kent, Baronet, deceased, is committed.

( Mr. Ogle reported from the Committee, to whom' the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming the Execution of a certain Agreement, made between Ralph Lord Grey, Baron of Werke, and Charles Lord Ossulstone, and the Lady his Wife, touching certain Manors, Lands, and Tenements, in the County of Northumberland, Middlesex, and City of London, and also between Lawrence Earl of Rochester, and the said Lord Grey, concerning other Manors, Lands, and Tenements,

in the said County of Northumberland, County Palatine of Durham, and Tow n of Berwick upon Tweed, w as committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, and are, as follow; viz.

A saving Clause to John Saville, of Mechley, in the County of York, Esquire, and his Trustees.

A Saving also to the Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, of the Honourable the Lady Grace deceased, and her Trustees.

A Priviso, that the Act shall not extend to prejudice a Recognizance, dated the 24th of March, 35® Car. 2 entered into by the said Ford Lord Grey, for 4,000l. unto John Adams, Gentleman.

AsavingClauseto Mary Countess Dowager of Tanker-

ville, of her Jointure, settled upon her by Deeds, bearing Date the 9th of December, and 12th of January, 1676.

Sir George Warburton presented to the House a Bill, to explain the Act for making of Buttons, so as it may restrain the making of Buttons of all Things, but Needlework,: and wrought Metals; and the same was received, and read the First time.

But the Penalty being filled up in the Bill, the Bill was, by Leave of the House, w ithdrawn.

An ingrossed Bill, for Sale of some Part of the Estate of Robert Holden, settled upon him, and John Holden, his Father, for the Payment of their Debts, and disposing of his younger Children A pprentices, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for Sale of some Part of the Estate of John Vol. 14.

Holden, Gentleman, and Robert Ihlden, his Son, for Payment of their Debts, and disposing younger Children Apprentices.

Ordered, That Mr. Harptirdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Sir Humphry Mackworth (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, for the further Explanation and Regulation of Privilege, in relation to Persons in publick Offices; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill, for giving like Remedy upon Notes,.promising the Payment of Money, as is now upon Bills of Exchange, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill for the better regulating the Nightly Watch in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, City and Liberty of Westminster, and Places adjacent, within the weekly Bills of Mortality, and for the more effectual lighting the Streets in dark Nights, and paving and cleansing the same, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for the better Relief, Employment, and Settlement, of the Poor.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, to prevent the Licentiousness of the Press.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, take into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Esquire, is referred.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Francklyn, and Mr. Rogers:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Lands in Essex, devised by Sir Robert Kemp, Knight, deceased, to the Children and Grand-children of Eliz. Outlaw, one of his Sisters and Coheirs, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Benefit of the Devisees, without any Amendments:

Also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the better vesting in Gil Esquire, the Manor and Farm of Moorton, alias and Flurst,

in the County of Dorset, in Possession, and for the better securing the same, and the other Manors, Farms, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, late of William Frampton, Esquire, deceased, to him the said G Frampton, and such as are entitled in Remainder after him, upon the Death of TregonnellFrampton, Esquire; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to take into Consideration the Report of the Journals of the House of Lords, relating to the Address of this House, and the Representation of the Lords, to her Majesty;

Mr. Toke reported, that the Members appointed to search the Journals of the House of Lords, touching their Proceedings relating to the Papers, transmitted by her Majesty, concerning the Conspiracy with France, had searched the same accordingly j. and he read in his Place what they found therein, and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Then the Report of the Journal of the House of Lords, relating to the Address of this House, and the Repro sentation of the House of Lords, was read:

And also the Report of the Journal of the House of Lords, touching their Proceedings relating to the Papers, transmitted by her Majesty, concerning the Conspiracy with France, was read, and is, as followed); viz.

Die

Privilege., iti Publick. Offices.

Promissory

Notes.

Westminster, &c. Nightly Watch.

Poor Laws.

Licentiousness of the Press.

School for N avigatioa.

Kemp's

Estate.

Framp\on's

Estate.

Proceedings in Lords on Scotch Conspiracy, {fnd on Commons Address.

£ao 30 — 4 ° FebruA 1703

Die Scibbati29' , 1703.

THE Earl of Nottingham, by her Majesty's Cotn-hiand, said, That the Queen commanded him to lay before your Lordships those Papers, which contain all the Matters, hitherto discovered, of the Conspiracy in Scotland: But there is one thing, which I am also commanded to let your Lordships know is not yet proper to be communicated to the House, because the making it publick may prevent a further Discovery of Matters of greater Importance, than what these Papers contain; but that your Lordships shall be acquainted with this also, so soon as it can be done without Prejudice to the publick Service.

Which Papers, being delivered, were, (according to Order) sealed up at the Table, with the Ix>rd Keeper's Seal.

Then the House agreed, that the Address following should be made to her Majesty, for the rest of the Papers, relating to the Scotch Conspiracy; which is, as followeth;

viz.

Ordered, By the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, That an humble Address be made to her Majesty from this House, to acquaint her Majesty, that they have, by her Majesty's Order, received some Papers, relating to the Scotch Plot; but being at the same time informed, by your Majesty's Direction, that there is some other Matter, not yet laid before this House, they humbly desire her Majesty, that the whole Matter, and all Papers relating the reunto, may be laid before them, with all convenient Dispatch; that this House may not want an Opportunity, before the End of this Session, of enquiring into, and discovering, the wicked Designs and Conspiracies of her Enemies.

Then it was proposed, to have an Account, why Boucher 'was not prosecuted.

After hearing Mr. Attorney-general in relation to that Matter;

The House agreed to the Address following;

Ordered, by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, that an humble Address be made to her Majesty, to acquaint her Majesty, that, notwithstanding the Application of this House to her Majesty, for the immediate Prosecution of Boucher, and her Majesty's Directions given therein accordingly, they are highly concerned, to find, there has been such Remissness and Neglect in the said Prosecution.

Ordered, That the Lords with white Staves do humbly attend her Majesty with the Addresses, agreed to this Day by the House.

Die Mortis, l 1703.

THE Earl of Nottingham delivered, several Papers end Letters, relating to the Scotch Conspiracy; which were ordered to be sealed up with the other Papers relating to that Matter.

Then the Lord Steward reported her Majesty's Answers to the Addresses, agreed to by this House on Saturday last; viz.

1. Her Majesty having so lately acquainted you, that she had communicated to you all the Particulars, relating to the Design against Scotland, which could yet be made publick without Prejudice to the Service, her Majesty did not expect to be pressed upon that Matter, before it was scarcely possible, that the State of it could be altered; and her Majesty makes no doubt, but, before the End of the Session, there will be a proper Time to communicate that, which cannot now be made publick, without great Inconvenience.

2. Her Majesty hath long since directed a Prosecution against Boucher, and very lately examined, what Steps had been made in that Matter; and her Majesty finds, if there has been any Delay in the bringing Boucher to his Tryal, it has been occasioned only by the great Difficulty, and Backwardness of several Persons to give Evidence in Matters of Fact, the Truth of which they cannot but know.

answer o" Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her

Lords Reprs- Majesty, to clear this House from the Misrepresentations

9?BtatioD.

of the House of Lords, in their Representation presented to her Majesty.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw uji the said Address.

And it is referred to Sir Chr. Sir,

Mackicorth, Mr. St. John, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Brewer,

Colonel Byerley, Sir Roger Mostyn, Mr. Freeman, Mr. '

Moor, Sir7 Vm. Whitlock, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Granville,

Mr. Mansell, Mr. Conyers, Mr. AmMr. H iniugton. Sir Godfrey Copley, Lord Coningsby, Sir Cha. Hedges, Mr.

Fagg, Mr. Pooley, Lord Marquis Ha Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Cary, Mr. How, Sir John Bland, Sir Win. Drake, Sir Wm. Coriton, Sir Jos. Jekyll, Sir Wm. St. Quintin, Lord Pierrepont, Sir Tho. Pouys:And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Irish For-whole House, to whom the Bill, to enlarge the Time, felture for the Purchasers of the forfeited Estates in Ireland to make the Payment of their Purchase-money, be made Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 4° die Februarii;

Anno 2 Annas Regina.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Adams" for Sale of certain Lands in Charwelton, in the Estate. County of Northampton, of William Adams, Clerk, for Payment of Debts, and Portions to his younger Brothers and Sisters, and for settling other Lands, of greater Value, upon his Wife and Children, in lieu thereof, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas . Hales, Sir Joseph Jekyll, Sir Wm. Mr. Jessop,

Mr. Dolben, Sir Tho. Mackworth, Sir Wm. Hustler, Mr.

Pagit, Mr. KmtchbuU, Mr. Harley, Mr. Foley, Sir Dudley Cullum, Svc John Mordant, Sir WSir Fra. Massam, Mr. Clayton, Mr. King; and all for die County of Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, for vesting the Estate of Thom. Legh'»

Legh, late of Ridge, in the County of Chestei', Esquire, Estate, deceased, in Trustees, for Payment of his Debts, perfecting his Purchases, and better effecting the Purposes of his Will, w'as read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act for vesting the Estate of Tho. Legh, late of Ridge, in the County of Chester, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, for the Payment of his Debts, perfecting of his Purchases, and better effecting the Purposes in his Will.

Ordered, That Sir Henry B unbury do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Supply Bill;] Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, to raise Annuities. Money for carrying on the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions, by selling Annuities at several Rates, [and for such respective Terms, or Estates, as are therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Wednesday Morning next.

A Motion being made, and the Question being pro- Ways and posed, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning Mean , next (after the Report of the Bill, to raise Money for carrying on the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions,

7 by

Westminster, &c. Nightly Watch.

A Willey's Estate.

Leave of Absence.

Lister s Estate.

Army

Debts.

a Ann. jl° — c0 Fe

by selling Annuities at several Rates and for such respective Terms, or Estates, as are therein mentioned) resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

An Amendment was proposed to be made, by leaving out " after the Report of the Bill, to raise Money for " carrying on the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions, by selling Annuities at several Rates, and for such " respective Terms, or Estates, as are therein mentioned."

And the Question being put, That, " after the Report " of the Bill, to raise Money for carrying on the War, " and other her Majesty's Occasions, by selling Annuities " at several Rates, and for such respective Terms, or " Estates, as are therein mentioned,' stand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next (after the Report of the Bill, to raise Money for carrying on the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions, by selling Annuities at several Rates, and for such respective Terms, or Estates, as are therein mentioned) resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said Commissioners have certified for those, that then appeared, by themselves, or their lawful Powers, who accordingly received Debentures for their Service, but the Petitioners were in remote Parts beyond the Seas, during the Time that the ldst Act was in Force, so that they could not attend the said Commissioners; since which, they have applied themselves to the said Commissioners, who informed the Petitioners, their Power is determined, and that they could not do them Justice, without further Directions from this I louse: That many of the Petitioners are in a deplorable Condition, and must inevitably perish, without the Relief of the House: And praying, that a Clause may be brought into some Bill, now depending in the House, whereby the said Commissioners may be enabled to state and certify the Petitioners Accounts, as they have done with the rest of the Train, or otherwise to relieve them, as the House' shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Commissioners, appointed to take, state, examine, and determine, the Debts, due to the Army, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes, taken during the late War; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and state the Fact to this House.

Ordered, That the Bill, for the better regulating the nightly Watch in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, City and Liberty of Westminster, and Places adjacent within the weekly Bills of Mortality, and for tlje more effectual lighting the Streets in dark Nights, and paving and cleansing the same, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Lamplugh, Sir Elzces, Sir

Cha. Turner, Sir John Mordant, Mr be added

to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, for the making void certain Uses, Estates, and Trusts, limited in the Marriage Settlement of Henry Au'dky, Esquire, and settling other Manors and Lands, of better Value, to and for the same Uses, Estates, and Trusts, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 5 die Februarii; Anno 2° Ann® Regina.

A Petition of Anthony Sturt, Esquire, was presented Resumption to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner, of Grants and one Daniel Neale, were Partners with Sir John Friend, in Shares of the Brewhouse, called the Phoenix, without Aldgate, in the Year 1694, whereof Sir John Friend had Seven Shares and an Half, the Whole into Sixteen Parts to be divided: That iti 1695 Sir John Friend was attainted of High Treason, whereby his Shares became forfeited to the Crown; and, by reason some Doubt might arise, whether the whole Stock in Partnership were not by the said Attainder also forfeited, the Petitioner procured Letters Patents from his late Majesty, in June, 1700, for confirming his Right in the said Premises: And praying, that a Clause may be inserted in the Bill, for resuming several Grants, made by their late Majesties, King William and Queen Mary (uf glorious Memory) or by the said late King William, for saving the Petitioner s Right and Title in the said Brew-house and Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Praters.

ATOAHdelaFonlaindil Wiccai'dtook the Oaths ap-' pointed, in order to his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Mr. Ashburjiham have Leave to go into

the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Oc-

casions.

Sir George Beaumont (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, to enable Trustees to sell such Part of the Estate of Richard Lister, Esquire, and Frances Pate Lister, his Wife, sole Daughter and Heir of Sir Thomas Smith, Baronet, deceased, in the County of Chester, and the County of the City of Chester, as remains unsold, in order to raise Money for the Payment of the Debts of the said Sir Tho. Smith, and for Portions for younger Children of the said Frances Pate , and for applying the Overplus in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses, and likewise for confirming such Leases and Sales, as have been made towards Discharge of the said Debts; and the same was received.

A Petition of several Officers and Attendants on the English and Dutch Trains of Artillery, employed in the Reduction of Ireland, and several Widows, who have lost their Husbands in the Service, whose Accounts for that Service are not certified by the Commissioners, appointed to take, state, examine, and determine, the Debts, due to the Army, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes, taken during the late War, Vol. 14.

A Bill for naturalizing Rene RanMatthew Decker, Rnnc'a, &« and others, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Crosse,

Sir Wm. Coritan, Mr. Pigo/t, Mr. Fawndes, Sir Tho.

Davall, Mv Stephens, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Mr.

Clayton, Sir John Kay, Sir Fra.Massam , Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Nayler, Mr. Mount ague, Mr. Johnson, Sir Wm.Robinson, Mr. Bingham, Mr. Mr. Mansell,

Sir Isaac Rebow, Mr. Lamplugh, Mr. Clark, Mr. Moor,

Mr. Drydeh, Sir Jos. Trcdcnham, Mr. Jenkins, Mr. England, Sir Tho. Hopson, Sir John Molesworth, Mr. Harpur, Mr. Palmes, Sir Tho. Hales, Mr. Rozcncy, Mr.

Hele, Mr. Wylde, Mr. Bertie: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, for repairing the Highways between Royston Royston and Caxton, in the County of Cambridge, was Roads, read the Third time.

And several Amendments were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press L. For " their" insert " there."

Press L. For " Compass ' insert Compost."

Press # L. After " have" insert been."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Tit!« be, An Act for repairing the Highways between Royston

4 M

and

L

Wareham Writ.

Tipping's

Estate.

Grafnge s Estate.

Dover Harbour.

Irish Forfeitures.

Importing

fcult-petre.

Duties on Logwood.

East India Trade.

322 5 — 7°

and Carton, in the County of and for the

belter enforcing the repairing the Highway from Bird/ip, and the Top of Crick'IcyHill, in the County of Gloucester,

to the City of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Mr. Pigoit do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of JVareham, in the County of Dorset, in the room of Sir Josiah Child, Baronet, deceased.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Regard, and Sir Richard Ilolford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Sir Tho. Tipping, Baronet, to sell the Manor of

Ickford,in the County of Bucks, for Payment of a Debt charged thereupon, and laying out the surplus Money in Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses, without any Amendment:

Also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of Esquire,

and Elizabeth his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold, and to dispose of the Money, arising by such Sale, pursuant to their Marriage Settlement; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill, for enlarging the Term of Years, granted by an Act, passed in the nth and 12th Years of his late Majesty's Reign, for the Repair of Dover Harbour, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term of Years, granted by an Act, passed in the Session of Parliament, held in the Eleventh and Twelfth Year of the Reign of King liam the Third, for the Repair of Dover Harbour. 1

Ordered, That Mr. Bracer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Dolben reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, to enlarge the Time, for the Purchasers of the forfeited Estates in Ireland to make the Payment of their Purchase-money, was committed, the Amendments, the Committee had made to the Bill, wRich they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the said Bill, For registering all unsatisfied Debentures after a certain Time, in order to the paying off the same, with Interest.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks were filled up: And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the adjourned Debate, touching the committing the Bill, for reviving of an Act, made in the Fifth and Sixth Year of their late Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for the Importation of Salt-petre for one Year, be further adjourned till this Day Sevennight.

Resolved, That this House'will, upon this Day Seven-night, take into Consideration the Petitions relating to the Duties upon Logwood.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Trade to the East India's;

The House resolved into the said Committee accordingly.

Februarii.

A. 1703

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Davors took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resinned the Chair.

Sir Robert Dovers reported from the said Committee, that they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Tuesday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- Exporting ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Bullion. House, upon the Bill, to restrain the Exportation of Silver and Gold to the East India's.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- School for ing next, take into Consideration the Report from the Navigation. Committee, to whom the Petition of Esquire, was committed.

Ordered, That the Bill, for the better regulating the Westminster nightly Watch in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey,

City and Liberty of Westminster, and Places adjacent ' atc . within the weekly Bills of Mortality, and for the more effectual lighting the Streets in dark Nights; and paving and cleansing the same; be read upon this Day Seven-night.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, that he had re- Povey's ceived a Letter from Mr. Povey, acknowledging the Re- Accounts, ceipt of the Order of the House, relating to the Observations of the Commissioners of Accounts; but that he was at Rochester, paying the Sick and Wounded Quarters there; and that, as soon as that Service was done, he would attend die House, or else, upon any other Summons, sooner.

Ordered, That Mr. Clark, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Clay- Awdley' ton, Mr. Knatchbidl, Mr. Blofeld, Sir Tho. Hales, Mr. Bttau.

Sayers, Mr. Lcgh, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Ward, Sir Elxces, Mr. Manley, Mr. Harley, Mr. Toke, Mr.

Vaughan, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the making void certain Uses, Estates, and Trusts, limited in the Marriage Settlement of Henry Axed by, Esquire, of certain Manors and Lands contained in that Settlement, and settling other Manors and Lands, of better Value, to and for the same Uses, Estates, and Trusts, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lunce 7 die Februarii;

Anno 2 Ann® Regime.

Prayers.

ABI L L, to vest the Manor of and - Tyrrill's

throp, and all other the Lands and Hereditaments Estate, of Sir Peter Tyrrill, Baronet, deceased, and Thomas Tyrrill, Esquire, his Son, in the County of Bucks, in Trustees, to sell Part thereof, for Payment of Debts, and to settle other Lands and Hereditaments there, being of an equal Value, in lieu of the Lands to be sold, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Richard Onsloxc, Lord Pierrcpont, Mr. Onslow, Sir Just. I sham,

Mr. Dormer, Mr. Brereton, Sir John Mordant, Mr.

Smith, Sir Jos. Jekyll, Sir Robert Eden. Sir Sir Fra. Blake, Lord Poxclett, Mr. Clarke, Sir Gervas Elxces, Sir Walt. Yonge, Mr. Naylor, Mr. Mr.

Mountagu, Sir Ben). Bathurst, Sir John Kay, Mr. Lee,

Mr. Sharp; and all, that serve for the Counties of Berks,

Bucks, Noi'thampton, and Oxon: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered,

Privilege.

Kops' Nat

Jarman's

Estate.

Phillipson

Estate

Earl of Warwick and Holland's Estate.

Fermor's

Estate.

Laroplughs

Estate.

11 ol worthy's Estate.

.Frampton's

Estate.

2 AnN 7° Februarii. 323

Ordered, That the Matter of the several Complaints Frampton, Esquife, deceased, to him the said Giles of Breaches of Privilege against the Lord fVilUam Pow- Frampto, and such as are entitled in Remainder after left, a Member of this House, be heard by the Com- him, upon the Death of Frampton, Esquire,

mittee of Privileges and Elections upon Wednesday come was read the First Time.

SevennighL Resolved, That the Bill be read a Seond time.

Sir Francis Massam reported from the Committee, td A Petition of Arthur Earl of Torrington wes presented Resumption whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An to the House, and read; setting forth, that their late of Grants. Act for naturalizing Isaac Kops, was committed; that Majesties, King William and Queen Mary, by Letters they had examined the Bill; and had directed him to Patents, dated the 14th of May, 1690, did grant unto report the same to the House, without any Amendment; the Petitioner and his Heirs, several Parcels of Land in And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table. Great Bedford Level; and his said late Majesty did also,

the 20th July, 1696, grant unto the Petitioner, and his Mr. Halsey reported from the Committee, to whom Heirs, the House and Park of Otelands, in Surrey, which the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for were granted by the late King James to the Petitioner's the vesting of Nine Messuages in the Parish of St. Giles Brother, Sir Edward Herbert, for 76 Years: And pray-in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, being the ing, that proper Clauses may be inserted in the Bills, lor Estate of William Jarman, and Mary his Wife, in resuming of Grants, now depending in the House, for Trustees, to be sold, and for settling, in lieu thereof, a saving the Petitioner's Right to the said Premises.

Messuage, and certain Lands, in Whipsnade, Tottrefihoe, Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition and Studham,in the County of Bedford, was committed; be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to

that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and whom the Bill, for resuming several Grants, made by found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary (of had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction glorious Memory) or by the said late King William, is of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed committed.

him to report the same to the House, without any A Petition of Charles Earl of Peterborough and Mon- Ditto. Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the mouth was presented to the House, and read; setting Clerk's Table. forth, that their late Majesties King William and Queen

Mary, by Letters Patents, dated the 12th of January,

An ingrossed Bill, to vest Part of the Estate of Sir in the Second Year of their Reign, granted unto the Christopher Phillipson, Knight, in Trustees, to be sold, Petitioner and his Heirs, the Manor of Dauntsey, and for Payment of Debts, and for charging Part thereof Hundred of Chippenham, in the County of Wilts: And with Maintenance for a Daughter, who is a Lunatick, Paying, that a Clause may be inserted in the Bill, de-was read the Third time. pending in the House, for resuming several Grants, made

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title by their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, be, An Act to vest Part of the Estate of Sir Christopher for saving the Petitioner's Right to the said Premises.

Phillipson, Knight, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be of Debts, and for charging Part thereof with Maintenance referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom for a Daughter, who is a Lunatick. the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That Colonel Graham do carry the Bill to A Petition of Sir Thomas Cook, and John Cash, Esquire, Ditto, the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto. was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that

Sir John Friend, being indebted to the Petitioners 4,900l.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richai'd Holford, was some time afterwards attainted of High Treason, and

and Mr. Pitt: executed for the same; and, upon Application of this

Mr. Speaker, House to his late Majesty King William, he, by his Let-

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ters Patents, dated the 15th of April, in the 12th Year

to enable the Guardian of the Earl of Warwick and Hoi- of his Reign, in Consideration of the said Debt, and land, during his Minority, to make Leases of several 1,000l. more paid into the Exchequer by the Petitioners,

Messuages in or near West Smithfield, with an Amend- did grant unto their Trustees Seven Parts and an Half ment; to which they desire the Concurrence of this (the whole in Sixteen Parts to be divided) of the Phanix House: Brewhouse, Brewing Vessels, and Brewing Stock, late

Also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act the Estate of the said Sir John Friend: That the said for setting aside a voluntary Settlement, made by Mary Debt, and 1,000l. paid, as aforesaid, is more than the Fermor, Widow, and for ratifying a Partition, made of said granted Premises are worth: That there is a Bill, the Manors of Mershamand Pett, and divers Lands in depending in the House, for resuming several Grants, the County of Sussex, between her and Bartholomew made by his said late Majesty: And praying, that the Waimesley,. Esquire, and others; to which the Lords de- Estate, so granted to the Petitioners, may not be presire the Concurrence of this House: judiced by the said Bill.

Also, a Bill intituled, An Act for settling,the Estate Or That the Consideration of the said Petition be

of Doctor Lamplugh,deceased, pursuant to his Marriage referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom

Articles and Settlement, prepared for that Purpose, and the said- Bill is committed, for Provision for his younger Children; to which the

Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. A Petition of Daniel Brou n, Isaac Clccve, Tho. Ben- Printing

Also, a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting divers skin, John Waltho, George Ct'oome, and Francis Coggan, Law Books, Manors and Lands of Mathew llolworthy, Esquire, in in behalf of themselves, and many other Booksellers and Trustees, to be sold, and purchasing other Manors, or Printers, of the City of London, w'as presented to the J.ands, of equal Value, and limiting the Manors, or House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners lie Lands, to be purchased, to the same Uses, as the Lands under very great Hardships and Oppressions, by Colour to be sold are limited; to which the Lords desire the of a Patent, granted for the sole printing of Law Books, Concurrence of this House. as also from William Rawlins, and

And then the Messengers withdrew. Printers, the present Farmers thereof, who exact 5 s. in

the Pound, generally, more than is usually demanded by An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act other Printers, and thereby the Master Printers, who are for the better vesting in Giles Frampton, Esquire, the very numerous, are deprived from exercising a groat Manor and Farm of Moorton, alias Mercian, and Hurst, in Branch of their Trade: And praying the Consideration the County of Dorset,in Possession, and for the better secu- of the House in the Premises, and Relief therein, ring the same, and the other Manors, Farms, Messuages, Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, late of William be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to Vol. 14. 13 whom

Andrew's

Estate.

Leave of Absence.

Irish

Forieitures.

Golden Star and Bull Ships.

324 7° F. A. 1703:

w hom the Bill, to prevent the Licentiousness of the Press, is committed.

An ingrossed Bill, to charge the Estate of Ambrose Andrews, Gentleman, with a certain Sum of Money, for Payment of Debts, and to supply some Defects in the Settlement of the said Estate, by giving Power to John Andreevs, Son and Heir apparent of the said,

to make a Jointure, and Leases, of the said Estate, w as read the Third time.

Respired, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act to charge the Estate of Ambrose Gentleman, w»ith Moneys, for Payment of Debts, and for supplying some Defects in the Settlement of the said Estate, for making a Jointure, and Leases, upon the said Estate.

Ordered, That Mr. Halsey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Musgrave have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extaraordi-nary Occasions.

A Petition of Richard Stone, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner is her Majesty's Surveyor-general of the Kingdom of Ireland, to w hose Custody great Part of the Records, concerning all the Lands of Ireland, are committed; which Oflice, before the late Act of Resumption, was of a considerable yearly Value to the Petitioner; but the Trustees for the forfeited Estates having continual Occasion for those Records, to make out the Title of the Publick, the Petitioner thereby lost the whole Profits of his Office, and at his own Charge maintained a Clerk, and gave him Security for 100l. on purpose to attend upon the Trustees, who if by the said Act had been enabled to allow the Petitionee his Fees, would have amounted to a very great Sum: That the Petitioner and the Clerk of the Crown are the only Officers in that Kingdom, who have constantly attended, and been at great Charges in, the Service of the Publick, concerning the said Forfeitures; and the House having already rewarded the Clerk of the Crown, the Petitioner prays the House to take his Case into Consideration, and make him such Allowance for his said Service, and Losses, as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Trustees for Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland; and that they do examine the same, and state the Matter of Fact to this House.

A Petition of John Mead and James Clarke, of London, Merchants, Owners of the Ships Golden Star, of the Burthen of 220 Tons, and carrying 16 Guns, and of the Bull, of the Burthen of 300 Tons, and carrying 30 Guns, bought of the Commissioners of Piizes, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Trade to Leghorn, and other Ports in the is of the greatest Advantage to the Woollen Manufactory of England, and cannot be carried on but by Ships of considerable Force, and extraordinary Sailers, in this Time of War, by reason of French Privateers; and the Laws requiring all Ships, that bring Goods of the Growth of Turkey, to be English built; and there being a Want of such Shipping, the Petitioners, and the general Interest of the Nation, are considerable Losers thereby: That the said Ships are proper for the said Turkey Trade, and the making of them free will be of Advantage to the Trade

o . O

of this Kingdom: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for making the said Ships ..... and to enable them to bring any manner of Goods, as if they had been English built.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Conyers, Mr. Pagett, and Mr. Clarke, do prepare, and t>ring in, the Bill.

Colonel Byerley, from tire Commissioners for examining, taking, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Sword-blade Kingdom, presented to the House their Report upon the Petition of the Governor and Company for making jri# hollow Sword-blades in England: feituies.

And the Title thereof was read; and the Report is as followeth; viz.

I N Obedience to the Order of this House, whereby, the Petition of the Governor and Company for making hollow Sword-blades, in England, was referred to us, to examine, and report the Matter of Fact, we have examined the Allegations in the said Petition; and do find,

That the said Governor and Company, by their Agents, or others in Trust for them, or by Assignments from others, became Purchasers of divers forfeited ami other Estates in Ireland, to the Value of 261,297/. 15 s.

That the said Estates, so purchased, were conveyed to them by the Trustees for Sale thereof, in 2S Deeds, Six of which were executed the 23d of June last (the last Day allowed for making Sales) and the remaining 22 Deeds on the qth of July, the last Day allowed for executing Conveyances.

C /

That the said 22 Deeds were brought to the Trustees, by the Agents for the said Corporation, on the said 9th Day of July, with Blanks for the several Sums, to contain the Consideration-money agreed for; but their Account being not stated by the Trustees Accomptant, the said Agents being not ready to settle it with the Trustees, and it being not possible to be done at that Time, the Trustees required the Company's Agents to insert such Sums in their several Conveyances, as they judged sufficient to secure to the Publick the Sum total due upon the said Purchases.

That by such Calculations, as could be made under these Circumstances, it was agreed, the same should be in the whole 263,629/. 15 s. 11 d.of which they were to be allowed, for Incumbrances, 41,953/. 19.?. 10 for Payments into the Exchequer in Ireland, 145,684/ 13 ,v. lid. and that the Residue, secured to be paid should be 75,991/. 12s. 5It/, (which Particulars, we observe, exceed the Total qs. 6d.) but that an Endorsement should be made upon one of the Deeds (a true Copy whereof we find annexed to the said Company's Petition) for the rectifying Errors on either Side, in the best Manner they were able; and, for a further Security to the Publick, the Trustees obliged the Company's Agents to leave all the said Conveyances in their Hands, till this Account could be perfectly settled.

That, upon a just Calculation, since made, it appears, that the said Purchases amount only to 261,297/. 15 A that the Incumbrances on the said Estates, together with the Crown and Quit Rents, amounted to 52,430/. 9 -.

1 Id.and that the Company having paid into the Exchequer of Ireland, 151,740/. os. 6 there remains due only 57,127/. 5 s.4 \d.whereby there is an evident Mistake of 18,864/. 7s. 1 \d.to the Prejudice of the Corporation, which the Trustees w ere of Opinion could not then be rectified by them in the said Conveyances.

And that there is a Proviso in every the said Conveyances, whereby the same is made void, if the whole Sums, in them expressed, are not paid in Manner and Time therein mentioned.

R. Byerley,

Godf.Copley, William Drake,

Fra. Scobell.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House (according to Order) proceeded to take into School for Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom Navigation, the Petition of Lewis Maiducll, Esquire, was referred:

And the same was read, and is as followed);

' That the Petitioner, to tnake good the Allegations of his Petition, laid before the Committee Letters Patents to trim granted by the late King Williamin the )4th Year of his Reign, for founding a Royal School; which were read.

The Petitioner also laid before the Committee a Report, made by the Attorney-general, dated the 19th

J une.

4 Ann.

7° Februa

325

June, 1701, proving the Reality and Value Of the Petitioner's proposed Estate, for the Benefit of the said School; which thereby, and by a Rent-roll thereof, appeared to be of the Value of 500l. per Annum;

One House, situate in the Parish of James, Westminster, with the Appurtenances, of 150/. per Annum, of which he is in present Possession, for the Term of 120 Years yet to come; and the Reversion of another Estate, after 17 Years, of 350 /. per Annum, for the Term of 103 Years.

That the Petitioner hopes, from his Power, by Charter, of receiving Benefit of Mortmain, Benefactions from publick-spirited Persons, if this House will vouchsafe to lay a Superstructure upon his Foundation, his Estate being short of answering the great End proposed in the publick Advantage.

That, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolutions; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the great and good Work, proposed by the Petitioner, well deserves the Encouragement of this House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, to that End, the House be moved, for Leave to bring in a Bill, for making such Alterations in the Petitioner's Letters Patents, as- may be proper, for applying his proposed Estate as a Foundation for the Maintenance and Education of Youth in the Art of Navigation only, with such further Provisions and Enlargement, as may best conduce to the better Support of the said Work.

The Firet Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That the great and good Work, proposed by the Petitioner, well deserves the Encouragement of this House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for making such Alterations in the said Letters Patents, as may be proper, for applying the said Estate as a Foundation for the Maintenance and Education of Youth in the Art of Navigation only, with such further Provisions and Enlargements, as may best conduce to the better Support of the said Work; and that Mr Mr.

Manley, and Mr. Clark, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Queen Mr. Secretary Hedges acquainted the House, that he

Bourn to was commanded by her Majesty to deliver a Message, in Poor Clergy. Writing, signed by her Majesty: And he presented the same to the House; and Mr. Speaker read the same, which is, as followeth:

ANNE, R.

HER Majesty, having taken into her serious Consideration the mean and insufficient Maintenance belonging to the Clergy in divers Parts of this Kingdom, to give them some Ease, hath been pleased to remit the Arrears of the Tenths to the poor Clergy; and, for an Augmentation of their Maintenance, her Majesty is pleased to declare, that she will make a Grant of her whole Revenue, arising out of First fruits and Tenths, as far as it now is, or shall become, free from Incumbrances, to be applied to this Purpose; and if the House of Commons can find any proper Method, by which her Majesty's good Intentions to the poor Clergy may be made more effectual, it will be a great Advantage to the Publick, and very acceptable to her Majesty.

St. James's, Febr. 7, 170$.

Resolved, Nemine contradicent That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, expressing the most humble and hearty Thanks of this House for her Majesty's most gracious Message, and die great and pious Concern her Majesty has for the increasing the Maintenance of the poor Clergy out of her own Revenue, and for her Majesty's Goodness, in remitting the Arrears of Tenths to those, who are poor; and withal to assure her Majesty, that this House will, according to her Majesty's Desire, do their utmost to make her Majesty's charitable Intentions most effectual.

1 Vol. 14.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to draw up the said Address.

And it is referred to Sir Humphty Mackwwrth, Sir Cha. Hedges, Mr. Harpur, Mr. Pagit, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Walpole, Mr. St. John, Mr. Amesley, Mr. Sharp, Mr. Brewer, Sir Tho. Powys, Mr. Levinz, Sir Win.

Drake, Sir Jos. Jekyll, Mr. Poley, Mr. King, Mr. Ward, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Tho. Hanmcr, Mr. Sco-bell, Sir Win. Whitlock, Mr. Pultney And diey are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Address be drawn up also upon the Debate of the House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, rfesolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Message.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That Mr. Burk, who was ordered to attend this House, is a Prisoner in the Marshalsea.

Ordered, That the Marshal do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, with the said Mr. Burk.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ftouse, upon the Bill, for laying a further Tax upon Offices and Pensions, and for charging several Professions, towards raising of Money for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions;

A Petition of Bridget Countess of Plymouth, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that by virtue of Letters Patents, made by King Charles the 2d, the Petitioner is entitled to a Grant, charged upon the Revenues of the Crown, as her Jointure upon her Marriage with Charles late Earl of , deceased: That

by the Bill, depending in the House, for laying a further Tax upon Offices and Pensions, the said Jointure may be liable to be taxed with the additional Tax, over and above the 45. in the Pound: And praying, that her said Jointure may be exempted from the said additional Tax.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause to exempt the Annuities to the Queen Dowager, and his Royal Highness Prince George of Denmark, from the said Tax.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, upon the said Bill, for laying a further Tax upon Offices and Pensions, and for charging several Professions,' towards raising of Money for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill, for resuming several Grants, made by the late King James, and by their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary (of glorious Memory) or by the said late King William;

A Petition of Sir Thomas Abney was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that about 20 Years ago the then Duke of Albcrmarle let the Petitioner a Lease of a House, and a small Parcel of Land, near Theobalds, in Hertfordshire, under a Rack-rent of 15/. per Annum; and the said Duke dying without Issue, the said Premises, with a great Estate at Theobalds, did revert to the Crown, which the late King William granted to the Earl of Portland, and he granted the Petitioner Two Leases of the said House, and Ground, for 21 Years; whereupon the Petitioner has built a new House, and laid out above 1,600l. And praying, that the Bill, for resuming several Grants, made by their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, or by the said late King 1 William, may not extend to prejudice the said Two Leases.

4 N Ordered,

Order for Attendance of a Prisoner.

Supply Bill; Tax on Places and Pensions;

Resumption of Grants.

Ditto.

Committee *

Coke's

L iate.

York City Court of Conscience.

326 70 — 8° Februarii. . 1703.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Then the Question being put. That Mr. Speaker do now' leave the Chair;

The House divider!:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas, ] 77'

Tdlers for the Noes, {sir IVnU: }" *

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill, for resuming several Grants, made by the late King Jam ex.and by their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary (of glorious Memory) or by the said late King William.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned, except the Committee appointed to draw' up the Address to be presented to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

C7

Mart is, 8° die Februarii;

June 2 Ann® Regina:.

Pray ers.

MR. Harpur reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill to subject the Estate of Robert Coke, of Trusley, in the County of Derby, Esquire, and William Coke, Tus Son and Heir apparent, to the Payment of the said Robert Coke's Debts, and to make Provision for the Wife and younger Children of the said William Coke, was committed; that they bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; w lie re the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, \vith the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir William Robinson reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill, for a Court of Conscience for the City of York, was committed; that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, that the Sheriff's Courts may be held in the same Manner, ad the Sheriff's Court in London is held.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks were filled up: And afterwards the Clause W'as, by the Leave of the House, w ithdrawn.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, relating to the Parish of St. Marys.

And the same was twice read, and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to lie added to the Bill, touching such, as have not inhabited before the Plaint.

And the same was twice read, with a Blank; which was filled up. * *

And a Motion being made, and the Question bding put, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed;

It passed in the Negative.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers, and Mr. Worcester Hiccocks: Work-house.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the erecting a Work-house in the City of Worcester, and for setting the Poor on Work there, with some Amendments; to which they desire the Concurrence oP this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Papillon. late Cashier of the Victualling (according Public to Order) presented to the House his Answer to so much Accountants, of the Report, and Observations, of the Commissioners for taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, as relates to him.

The House being informed, that one Mr.

from the Earl of OrJ'ord,late Treasurer of the Navy, attended, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House the Answers of the said Earl to the Observations of the said Commissioners upon the Accounts for the N avy, exclusive of the Victualling.

And then he withdrew.

ri he House being informed, that Mr. Burk late Agent to the Victualling at Levetpoole, attended, according to Order, he was called in, and examined at the Bar, touching his Agency, and passing his Accounts.

And then he withdrew.

The House being informed, that Mr. Addison, Mr.

Shepherd, and Mr. Elder, three of the late Commissioners of the sick and wounded Seamen, attended, they were called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House their Answer to so much of the said Report, and Observations, ' as concerns them.

And then they withdrew.

The House being informed, that Mr. Knight attended, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the HoUso his Answer to so much of the said Report, and Observations, as concerns him.

And then he withdrew.

The House being informed. That Mr. Burton attended, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House his Answer to so much of the said Report, and Observations, as concerns him.

And then be withdrew.

The House being informed, that Mr. Maine, one of the late Commissioners for Victualling, attended, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House his Answer to so much of the said Report, and Observations, as concerns him.

And then he withdrew.

The House being informed, that Mr. Henry Baker attended, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House his Answer to so much of the said Report, and Observations, as concerns him.

And then he withdrew.

The House being informed, that Mr. Auditor Bridges attended, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House his Answer to so much of the said Report, and Observations, as concerns him.

And then he withdrew.

The House being informed, that Mr. Brian Mortagh attended, from the Earl of Ranelagh, late Paymaster of the Army, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House the Answer of the said Earl to the said Report of the said Commissioners, relating to him, and his Accounts.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Answers were read.

And the said Answers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Copies of the said Answers be forthwith made, and delivered to the Commissioners for taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom.

13 Ordered,

i Ann. 8° — 9° Februarii.

tall Of the Ordered, That the Call of the House be further ad- port Service, and also ah Account of the Prizes, taken House. journed till this Day Seven-night: during the late War.

Punishing Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn-

Mutiny and j,ig next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Desertion. jjouse> upon the Bill, for punishing Officers, and Soldiers, who shall mutiny, or desert her Majesty's Service, in England or Ireland, and for punishing false Musters, and for better Payment of Quarters in for the

Year 1704.

Poor Laws. Resolved', That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for the better Relief, Employment, and Settlement, of the Poor.

Licentious- Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seveii-ness of the night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

Press. House, upon the Bill, to prevent the Licentiousness of the Press.

East India Trade.

Wearing

Printed

Callicoes.

Sir Robert Data's (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole Ilouse, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Trade to the East Indies, the Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read; and is, as followeth;

Resolved, That it. is the Opinion of this Committee, That the wearing and using of printed, stained, and painted Callicoe9, in England, Ireland, and the Plantations, are destructive to the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom, and ought to be restrained.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That foe House do agree with the Committee in foe said Resolution, That the wearing and using of printed, stained, and painted Callicoes, in England, Ireland, and the Plantations, are destructive to the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom, and ought to be restrained;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Yens fSir Juhn

fellers for the eas Mi. Mo

Cur

Lcv:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolution; and that Sir John Holland, Sir Robert Data's, Sir Cha.Turner, Mr. Walpole, and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Tellers for foe Nocs, ||/

10?.

82.

QueenAnne's Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday next,

Bounty to at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of foe Poor Clergy, whole House, to consider of her Majesty's most gracious Message to this House Yesterday.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Cotton # Ordered, That Sir Chr. Hales, Sir Tho. Travel/, Mr:

Estate. Cl cry, Mr. Jcssop, Mr. Crosse, be added to the Committee,

to w hom the Bill, for enabling Bernard Cotton, Esquire, to sell some Part of his Estate for Payment of his Debts, and for confirming several Conveyances, already made thereof, of other Part of his Estate, is committed.

And then foe House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 9° die Februarii}

Anno 2° Anna; Regime.

Prayers.

Army Debts. "DESOLVED, That this House will, upon Saturday

Morning next, take into Consideration the Report from the Commissioners, appointed to take, examine, and determine, the Debts, due to the Army, and for.Trans-Vol. 14.

A Bill, to enable Trustees to sell such Part of the Lister's Estate of Richard Lister, Esquire, and Frances Bate Ksiate. Lister, his Wife, sole Daughter and Heir of Sir Tho.

Smith, Baronet, deceased, in the County of Chester, and the County of the City of Chester, as remains unsold, in order to raise Money, for the Payment of the Debts of the said Sir Thomas Smith, and for Portions for younger Children of the said Frances Pate Lister, and for applying the Overplus in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to tire same Uses, and likewise for confirming such Leases and Sales, as have been made towards Discharge of the said Debts, w as read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Cyrill Wych, from the Trustees for Sale of the for- Irish forfeited Estates in Ireland, presented to the House their feiture . Reports,

Upon the Petition of Dr. Charles Crave, Lord Bishop of Cloyn; and also,

Upon the Petition of Charles Godfrey, Esquire, and Arabella, his Wife; and also,

Upon the Petition of Richard Stone, Esquire.

And foe Titles thereof were read; and the said Reports are, as follow; viz.

The Report upon the Petition of the Bishop of Cloyne.

To foe honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled:

IN Obedience to your Honours Order of Reference on the Petition hereunto annexed, we find, that the late Bishop of Cloyne, now Bishop of Rapho, did claim the Lands in the Petition mentioned, as the ancient Inheritance of foe See of Cloyne; but not making out a Title in the Church, his Claim was dismissed.

That the Time of hearing Claims was expired before the Promotion of the Petitioner to the See of Cloyne.

That the Petitioner, soon after applied to the Trustees, desiring them to suspend the Sale of the Lands, till Application, could be made to the Parliament of England, for annexing them to the Bishoprick of Cloyne; but the Trustees, not having it in their Power to gratify the Petitioner's Request, did post and expose to Sale the said Lands, in small Parcels, for several Months together, as they did all the other forfeited Lands; but nobody bid for the same till the 23d Day of June, being the last Day of the Sales, when the Trustees did expose the same to Sale at 4,000l. which the Petitioner bought at 4,oco /. on the Cant, and paid down one Third of his Purchase-money, as in the Petition is alleged.

We do believe, the said Lands might have been the ancient Inheritance of the See of Cloyne, and that they were in the Possession of the Church of Cloyn in the Year 1595; but we do not find any Possession in the Bishops of Cloyne since.

The Petitioner does allege, that the Bishop of Cloyne was put into Possession of these Lands by Orders of Council in the Earl of Strafford's Time, and delivered a Memorial to us, signed by several of the Bishops of Ireland, to that Purpose; but no Proof thereof appeared to us, our judicial Power being then determined.

All which is humbly submitted.

January 11 th, 1703.

Cyrill IFych, lien. Langford,

Era. Annesley, James Hooper,

J. Baggs, John Cary,

John Trcnchard, T. Harrison,

IVm. Felloues.

The said Report upon the Petition of Cha. Godfrey, Esquire, and Arabella, his Wife.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled:

IN Obedience to your Honours Order of Reference on the Petition hereunto annexed, we have examined the Contents thereof; and do find, that the Petitioners did claim a Rent-charge, of One thousand Pounds per Annum, out

of


Irish For- fcitures.

St. Leger's, fcc. Nat

90 Febriiarii . 1703.

of the Estate of the late King commonly called

the private Estate, and were thereto adjudged, as in the Petition is alleged.

That the Trustees paid to the Petitioners the said Rent-charge, and all Arrears due at Michaelmas, 1702, and no longer.

That the Half-year's Rent from , 1702, to

our Lady-day following, was sold to the several Purchasers of the private Estate; who were to pay the Petitioners the several Proportions of Rent their Lands were subject to, and for which the Purchasers had an Allowance by Discount out of their Purchase-money.

We do believe, that the Trustees did execute several Deeds of Purchase of the private Estate, in the Months of April, May and June, last; but all the Copies of the Deeds of Sale being delivered to the Commissioners of her Majesty's Revenue in Ireland, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament, made last Session, we cannot tell, in which, nor how many, of them, the Words, " from the Date hereof," are mentioned.

That, notwithstanding such Words should appear to be inserted in any of the said Conveyances, the Act of Resumption, and the Petitioners Decree, make the Lands, so sold, chargeable as well with all Rent due before the Sale, as with what shall afterwards accrue due, as appears by two Clauses in the said Act, Page 29, and Page 41.

All which is humbly submitted, §c.

January 11th, 1703.

Cyrill fVich,

J. Baggs,

Hen. Langford,

John Cary,

lVm.Fellozces.

Fra. Annesley, John Trenc James Hooper,

T. Harrison,

The said Report upon the Petition of Rich. Stone, Esquire.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled:

May it please your Honours:

IN obedience to your Honours Order of Reference on the Petition hereunto annexed, we have examined the Contents thereof; and do find, that the Petitioner is her Majesty's Surveyor-general of the Kingdom of Ireland, and has the Custody of the Books of Survey, and of a great Part of the other Records, concerning the Titles of the Lands in that Kingdom.

That the Books of Survey were so necessary to us, for making out the Titles, and ascertaining the Bounds of the forfeited Lands, that we had almost the continual Possession of them; and the Petitioner employed a Clerk to attend our Surveyors, as often as required; to explain the Books aforesaid; which w;as of great Service to the Publick.

That the Petitioner has produced to us his own Affidavit, that he gave his said Clerk Security for too/, as set forth in his Petition.

That by the Act of Resumption we had Power to send for Boqks, Papers, and Records, without paying any Fee or Reward; and therefore did not make the Petitioner any Allowance.

That we believe, the Petitioner hath, in a great measure, lost the Benefit of his Office, by our constant Use of his Books and Records; and we do not know of any other Officer in the Kingdom of Ireland, that has done the same.

All which is humbly submitted.

Fra. Annesley,

John Trenchard,

John Cary,

IVm. Fellowes,

J. Baggs, James Hooper, T. Harrison, Tho. Raulins.

Ordered, That the said Reports do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Henry Boisrond de St. Leger, Peter de la Grange, Lewis JVadden, and others, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Guardian of the Earl of and Holland, during his Minority, to make Leases of several Messuages in or near Smithfield.

And the said Amendment was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and is, as toiloweth; viz.

2 Skin, 9th L. After " foresaid," add, " with the " Consent of die Right Honourable Hugh Lord Cholmondley, Viscount Fells in the Kingdom of Ireland, " and Baron of Nantwichin the Kingdom of England, " the Right Honourable Charles Lord Halifax', the " Honourable Geo. Cholmondley, Esquire, Christopher " Mount ague, Esquire, Orlando Bridgman, Esquire, " and Charles Clayton, Gentleman, or any two of them; " the said Consent to be testified by endorsing their " Names on the Back of the said Leases respectively."

Ordered, That Mr. Bridgman do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendment.

A Petition of Henry Aldrich, Doctor in Divinity, Dean of the Cathedral Church of Christ in Oxon, on the behalf of himself, and the Chapter of the said Church, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there being an Agreement made between the said Dean and Chapter, and Sir Robert Atkins, Knight of the Bath, for vesting in the said Sir Robert the Vicarage of Lower Swell, in the County of Gloucester,in Exchange with the said Dean and

Chapter for the perpetual Nomination of a Preacher or Curate within the Parish Church of Holy Crosse,

in the County of Essex', and for a Messuage or Tenement, and other Things, in Waltham Holy Crosse aforesaid, which Agreement cannot be perfected without an Act of Parliament; the Petitioner therefore prays, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for perfecting the said Agreement.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according tot the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Bromley and Sir Christopher Musgrave do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the erecting a Work-house in the City of Worcester, and for setting the Poor on Work there.

And the said Amendments w'ere twice read, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are, as follow; viz.

2 Skin, L. 1st, For " Parishes," read " Parish."

4 Skin, L. 14. Leave out " and."

6 Skin, L. 2. For " out of," read " from."

11 Skin, L. 8. For " have," read " hath."

L. 18. For the Second " have," read " hath."

18. Skin, L. 10. After " shall," read " have," and instead of " have," read " hath."

19 Skin, L. 34. For " Manufacture," read " manufactured."

20 Skin, L. 12. After " Suit," add " or."

Ordered, That Sir Joseph do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

An ingrossed Bill, to enable George Evelyn, Esquire, to raise Portions for his Brothers and Sisters, according to his Father's Settlement and Will, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act to enable George Evelyn, Esquire, to raise Portions for his' Brothers and Sisters, according to his Father's Will.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Onslow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill, for settling the Manor of Creech, in the County of Somerset, in Trustees, to enable them to renew Leases, for the Maintenance of the younger Sons

of

Earl of Warwick and Holland's Estate

Christ Church Ecclesiastical Estate.

Worcester . Work‘house.

Evelyn's

Estate.

Keyt's

Estate.

a Anni 9° — 10° Februdrii. $29

of IViUimn Keyt, Esquire, deceased, during their Minority, was read the Third, time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act for settling the Manor of in the County of Somerset,in Trustees, to enable them to renew Leases, for the Maintenance of the younger Sons of Keyt,

Esquire, deceased, during their Minority.

Ordered, That Sir John Mordaunt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

I.rare of Ordered, That Mr. C have Leave to go into the Absence. Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Fcrr«r 3Debt An ingrossed Bill, to enable the Lord High-Treasurer tuilicCrown, to compound with Mr. Ferrar for his Debt of 1,966/.

7 s.id. as Surety for John Mason, Gentleman, late Re-

' ceiver-general for the (bounty of Huntington, and Isle of

Ely,was read the Third time.

And an Amendment, was proposed to be made to the Bill, Press # L. to insert Majesty."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer of England, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to compound with John Ferrar, Esquire, for a Debt due from him, as Surety for John Mason, Gentleman, late Receiver-general for the County of Cambridge, and Isle of Ely.

Ordered, That Mr. Dryden do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

5#otd-blade Ordered, That the Report from the Trustees for Sale Company's of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, upon the Petition of Irish For of 1C -oinPany for hollow Sword-blades, be taken into fcitures?r Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Supply Bit!; Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Annuuica. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, to raise Money for carrying on the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions, by selling Annuities at several Rates, and for such respectives Terms, or Estates,-as are therein mentioned, was committed, the Amendments, made by the Committee to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in, at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Regard, and

Doctor Edisbury:

Mr. Speaker,

Astlcys The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to

E»uta. enable Sir John Astley, Baronet, to make a Jointure,

upon his Marriage, during his Minority, and to enable him to buy any Rent-charge, or other Incumbrance, upon his Estate; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

Parker's Also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Iwute. for making Provision for, and settling the Fortune of, Ann Packer, in Trustees, for the Purposes therein mentioned; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Privilege. Ordered, Thatthe Matters of the Complaints of Breaches

of Privilege against the Lord which were

appointed to be heard this Day Seven-night, be heard by the Committee of Privileges upon Friday Seven-night

Queen Anne's Mr. Annesley reported from the Committee, to whom Bounty to it was referred to draw up an Address, to be presented to

Poor Clergy'. jjer Majesty}

upon her Majesty's most gracious Message to this House on Monday last, that they had drawn up an

Vox., 14.

Address accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was twice read, and is, as followeth; viz.

t

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons, in Parliament assembled, beg Leave to present our most humble and hearty Thanks to your Majesty for your most gracious Message; in which you are pleased to declare your royal Bounty, in remitting the Arrears' of the Tenths due from your poor Clergy, and in charitably designing, for the future, to apply your Majesty's whole Revenue, arising from the First fruits and Tenths, in Augmentation of their Maintenance.

We are justly sensible of your Majesty's pious Concern for the Church of England, and of the great Advantage it will receive from your Majesty's unparalleled Goodness, in giving up such a Part of your Majesty's Revenue towards the better Provision for the poorer Clergy, who were not sufficiently provided for at the happy Reformation of Religion under your royal Ancestors.

Your Majesty's faithful Commons will use their utmost Endeavours to render your Majesty's charitable Intentions ' most effectual, and will, upon this and all other Occasions, readily apply themselves to such proper Methods, as may best conduce to the Support of the Clergy, and to the Honour, Interest, and luture Security, of the Church of England, as by Law established.

Resolved, Nanine contradicente, That the House doth

agree with the Committee, in the said Address.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, who are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council, do humbly know her Majesty's Pleasure, when she will be attended by this House.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Ways and Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Mean# Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till To-inorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 10 die Februarii;

Amo 2 Annas Reginee.

Praters.

."DETERCombecroze, Arthur la Conte, Jacon Meaulh,

George Broun, Anthony Cherwnbault, Stephen Pet iter, Abraham Rousier, Nich.la Peter Foyer

Richousse, Jo. Dcsinnieres, John CJohn Ranaud,

and Anthony Bruce, took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act F«rmo/s for setting aside a voluntary Settlement, made by Mary Estate. Fermor, Widow, and for ratifying a Partition, made of the Manors of Mersham and Pelt, and divers Lands in

4 O the

Astley't

Estate,

Cowper s

Estate

Adams'

Estate.

Importing tkrown bilk.

I-ampIugh'i

Estate.

T.eave of Absence

IlnT\Torthy s

Estate.

Uniting the Militia.

330 10° . A. 1703.

the County of Sussex, between her, and Bartholomew JVal not repaid; and the same was received, and read the tncs/y, Esquire, and others, was read the First time. First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Sir John Astley, Baronet, to make a Jointure, upon his Marriage, during his Minority, and to enable liim to buy any Rent-charge, or other Incumbrance, upon his Estate, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Hungerford reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill to enable Sir John Coxcper, Knight, and Anlhony Hetdy, Esquire, to make Partition, and grant

Building Leases, of several Messuages and Tenements in Lincoln's Inti Fields, in the Parish of Giles in the Fields, and St. Clement's Danes, in the County of tsc.v, was emmitted; that they had examined the Allega-ions of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterw ards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time' one by one, and, upon tire Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be increased.

Ordered, That Mr. Halsey, Sir Robert Eden, Sir Geo. . Beaumont, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Winstanlcy, Mr.

Mr. TVilkins, Mr. Curzon, Mr. be added to the

Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of certain Lands' of Adams, Clerk, for Payment of Debts, and Portions to his younger Brothers and Sisters, and settling other' Lands, of greater Value, upon his Wife and Children, in lieu thereof is committed.

Mr. Moor reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill, for prolonging the Time, granted by an Act of Parliament, made in the First Year of her Majesty's Reign, for importing into England Thrown Silk, of the Grow til of Sicily,from Leghorn, was committed; that they had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrtissed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling the Estate of Doctor Lamplugh, deceased, pursuant to his Marriage Articles and Settlement, prepared for that Purpose, and for Provision for his younger Children, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Colonel J have Leave to go into the Country for three "Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Manors and Lands of Matthew Hol-worthy, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and purchasing other Manors, or Lands, of equal Value, and limiting the Manors, or Lands, to be purchased, to the same Uses, as the Lands to be sold arc limited, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Colonel Graham (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, for raising the Militia for the Year 1704, notwithstanding the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be

A Petition of Jasper Roth, of London, Merchant, was Irish For-presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the tenures, several Estates of Colonel Richard Grace, John Grace, and Robert his Son, late of Courtstoxcnin the County of Kilkenny, in Ireland, were mortgaged to the Petitioner, for a considerable Sum of Money, several Years before the Forfeitures of the said Parties; and upon the Petitioner's Claim before the Trustees for Forfeitures, they decreed the Petitioner his Principal and Interest; and, upon Sale of the said forfeited Estates to the Sword-blade Company, the Petitioner's Debt was deducted out of their Purchase-money: That the said Company are in Possession of the said Instate, and yet refuse to pay the Petitioner, and have petitioned this House, in Effect, to grant them a new Title to the said Estates; which may be prejudicial to the Petitioner's Mortgage: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Trustees for Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, to examine the same, and report the Matter of Fact to this House.

Then the House proceeded to take into Consideration Sword-blade the Report from the Commissioners for taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, upon the Petition of the Governor and Company for feitures. making hollow Sword-blades in England.

And the Report was again read.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for discharging the said Company of the Sum of 18,864/. 7 1 id.certified by the said Commissioners to be a Mistake in the Purchase-moneys, which was to be paid by the said Company for the Estates purchased by them: and that Mr. Bromley, Sir Mathew Dudley, and Mr. Clark, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lord Grey's, for confirming the Execution of a certain Agreement, &cc- Estal°-made between Ralph Lord Grey, Baron of IVerk, and Charles Lord Ossulstone, and the Lady Mary his Wife, touching certain Manors, Lands, and Tenements, in the County of Northumberland, Middlesex, and City of London, and also between Lawrence Earl of Rochester, and the said Lord Grey, concerning other Manors, Lands, and Tenements, in the said County of Northumberland,

County Palatine of Durham, and Town of upon

Tweed, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Ogle do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, with some Amendments; to which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

A Bill, for giving like Remedy upon Notes, promising Promissory the Payment of Money, as is now upon Bills of Ex- NotM-change, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legat'd, and Doctor Edisbury:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Lord J«r-for confirming, and better Execution of, Articles, and Est-te the Agreements therein contained, for the Disposition and Division of the Estate of the late Lord Jennyn among his Coheirs, without any Amendment:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Amendments, Lord Grey made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for c. Ksuie.

confirming

Ways and Me ns.

Qnten Anne's Bounty to Boor Clergy.

Kxporting

Bullion.

Punishing Mutiny and Desertion.

Style's

Estate.

2 Ann. . 10° — ii°

confirming the Execution of certain Agreements, made between Ralph Lord Orey, Baron of and

Lord Ossulstone, and the Lady Mary his Wife, touching

certain Manors, Lands, and Tenements, in the Counties of Northumberland, Middlesex and City of London, and also between Lawrence Earl of Rochester, and the said Lord Grey, concerning other Manors, Lands, and Tenements, in the said County of Northumberland, County Palatine of Durham, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is, as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards the Supply granted to her Majesty, a further Duty, of Twelve Pounds per Tun, be laid upon all Wines of the Growth of France, brought in as Prize, over and above the Duties already payable for the same.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That, towards the Supply granted to her Majesty, a further Duty, of Twelve Pounds per Tun be laid upon all Wines of the Growth of France, brought in as Prize, over and above the Duties already payable for the same.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution; and that Mr. Solicitor-general, Mr. Conyers, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of her Majesty's most gracious Message to this House upon Monday last.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bromley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bromley reported from the said Committee, that they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday next, at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, upon the Bill, to restrain the Exportation of Silver and Gold to the East Indies.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday next (after the Committee upon the Bill, to restrain the Exportation of Silver and Gold to the,) resolve

itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for punishing Officers, and Soldiers, who shall mutiny, or desert her Majesty's Service, in England or Ireland, and for punishing false Musters, and for better Payment of Quarters in England, for the Year 1704.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 11 die Anno 2° Ann® Regime.

Praters.

JjfALTER Brasse [d] * *

Mr. Brewer reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill, to establish and confirm a Partition, and Agreement, of, and touching, the Estate of Sir Thomas Style, late of Wateringbury, in the County of Kent, Baronet,

deceased, was committed; that they had examined the

[0] It appears by the Clerk's Minute Book, and the printed Votes of this Day, that this Person, and several others, took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization; but the Names of the other Persons are nut mentioned in either.

Vol. 14.

Februarii. 331

Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Crosse reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill, for naturalizing Rene Ranc, Mathew Decker, and others, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Bill, for taking, examining, and 6tating, the Publick Accounts of the Kingdom, be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Jenkins reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill, to repeal a Proviso in an Act of the 4th Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, which prevents the Citizens of the City of York from disposing of their personal Estates by their Will, as others, inhabiting within the Province of York, by that Act may do was committed; that they had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the same shall be esteemed a publick Act

And the same was twice read, and, upon the Question severally nut thereupon, agreed unto, by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Bromley (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, for vesting in Sir Robert Atkins, Knight of the honourable Order of the Bath, late Lord Chief Baron of her Majesty's Court of Exchequer, the Vicarage of Lou'ci' Swell, in the County of Gloucester, in Exchange with the Dean and Chapter of Christ Church, in Oxon, for the perpetual Nomination of a Preacher or Curate within the Parish Church of Waltham Holy Crosse, in the County of Essex, and for a Messuage or Tenement, and other Things, in Waltham Holy Crosse-, and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of Joseph Grange, Esquire, and Eliz. his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold, and to dispose of the Money, arising by such Sale, pursuant to their Marriage Settlement, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, that the Ships, called the Golden and Bull, being taken as Prizes, and condemned, may have the Freedom of trading as English Ships; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Mathew Dudley (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, to discharge the Governor and Company

for

Ranc's, Ac. Nat.

Public

Accounts.

YerkCitizena Disposition by Will.

Christ Church Ecclesiastical Estate.

Grange's

Estate

Golden Star and Bull Ships.

Sword-blade Company's Purchase of Irish Forfeitures.

Tax on Places and Pensions.

Leave of Absence.

jSt Leger s &c, NaU

Encouraging

Manufac-

tures.

Supply Bill;

Annuities.

I i° Februarii. r17'oj.

for making hollow Sword-blades, ill England, of the Sum of 18,864/. 7 s. 1 id.by Mistake over-charged in the Purchase-motley for several forfeited and other Estates and Interests in Ireland, purchased by them; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Diana Countess Dowager of was

presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, by Letters Patents of King Charles the Second, the Petitioner is entitled to a Grant, charged upon the Revenue of the Crown, which was made to her, as a Jointure,-upon her Marriage with Awbrey late Earl of Oxford, deceased:

That the Petitioner is advised, that by the Bill, depending in the House, for laying a further Tax upon Offices and Pensions, and for charging several Professions, towards raising of Money for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty's necessary Occasions, the said Jointure may be taxed, as a voluntary Pension, with the said additional Tax, over and above the 45. in the Pound: And praying, that her said Jointure may be exempted from the said additional Tax.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Lear have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, for Recovery of his Health.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Henry Boisrond de Leger, Peter de la Grange, Lewis JVadden, and others, was read a Second time.

- Resolved That the Bill be committed to Sir Fran.

Massam, Sir Dudley Cullutn, Mr. Hele, Sir John Kay, Mr. Clark, Sir Gere. Ehces, Mr. Mr. Dryden,

Sir Tho. Pelham, Mr. Bulled, Marquis Mr.

Lowndes, Mr. Toke, Sir Walter Yonge, Mr. Stringer, Mr. Bere, Mr. Snell, Mr. Halsey, Sir Nich. Pelham, Mr. Portman, Sir JVm. Hustler, Mr. Harpur, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Blrfeild, Sir Fra. JVyndham, Colonel Colchester, Sir JVm. Coriton, Sir Henry Lyddell, Lord Hyde, Lord Pierrepont, Mr. Topham, Major Morgan, Sir John

Holland: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir Robert Davers (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of England, and setting the Poor at Work; and the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read after the ingrossed Bill, to raise Money for carrying on the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions, by selling Annuities at several Rates, and for such respective Terms, or Estates, as are therein mentioned.

An ingrossed Bill, to raise Mo ney for carrying on the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions, by selling Annuities at several Rates, and for such respective Terms, or Estates, as are therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Several Amendments were proposed to be made; viz.

Press 6, L. 27. Instead of " One Million Five thousand " Pounds," insert " Eighteen thousand Eight hundred " Sixty-seven Pounds, Eighteen Shillings, and Six-pence." line 31. The same Amendment Pr. 7. Line 2. The same Amendment.

Pr. last, L. 14. Leave out " Five," and insert " Six." L. last The same Amendment.

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty, for carrying on the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions, by selling Annuities at several Rates, and for such respective Terms, or Estates, as are therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the |3ill to the >Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Secretary Hedges acquainted the House, that her Queen ap- Majesty had been pleased to appoint to be attended by points to Ue this House at Four a Clock this Afternoon, at St. James's. aUended-

Mr. Bromley (according to Order) reported from the QueenAnne'» Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred H"»tv to to consider of her Majesty's Message of Monday last, the Powr Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is, as followeth; viz.

Resolved That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the House be moved, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for the making more effectual her Majesty's gracious Intentions for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the poor Clergy, by enabling her Majesty to grant, in Perpetuity, the Revenues of the First fruits and Tenths.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for the making more effectual her Majesty's gracious Intentions for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the poor Clergy, by enabling her Majesty to grant, in Ptrj petuity, the Revenues of the First fruits and Tenths; and that Mr. Bromley, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Solicitor-general,

Mr. Sharp, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to them, that they do bring in a Clause, to enable the Trustees, to be appointed by her Majesty, to receive G rants of Lands, Hereditaments, or Money, for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the poor Clergy, notwithstanding the Statute of Mortmain.

A Bill, for the more effectual Encouragement of the F.ncoiir iginj Manufactures of England, and setting the Poor at Work, Manufac-was (according to Order) read the First time. lu,es

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Tuesday Morning next

The Order of the Day being read, that the House do Supply Bill; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Tax ou the Bill, for laying a further Tax upon Offices and P,ac? and

_ j o _k rViisuins

Pensions, and for charging several Professions, towards raising of Money for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions;

Resolved, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair.

Accordingly the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House w ill, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- prsilniRt(fm ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole of Grams. House, to consider further of the Bjll, for resuming several Grants, made by the late King James, and by their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary (of glorious Memory) or by the said late King

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn-' Wayg ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Means. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

2 Ann. . 12° Februarii. 333

Sabbati, 12 die Februarii;

Anno 2 Annas Regina.

Prayers.

l/>rd Dillon's f~\ RD ERE D, That Mr. Sir Robert

Estate. Eden, Mr. Pigott, Mr. Gcry, Mr. , Mr.

Clark, Mr. Johnson, Sir Tredenham, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, for Sale of Part of the Estate of Henry Lord Viscount lon, in the Kingdom of Ireland, for Payment of his Debts, and for settling an Equivalent on other Part of his Estate on his Wife, for her Jointure, is committed.

Cotton's . Mr. Harpur reported from the Committee, to whom Estate. the Bill, for enabling Bernard Cotton, Esquire, to sell some Part of his Estate, for Payment of Debts, and for continuing several Conveyances, alraady made, of several other Parcels of his Estate, by himself and Trustees, to the several Purchasers thereof, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Relief of Mr. Dolben reported from the Committee, to whom

Capt. Roch. the Bill, for making good the Defect of the Provision 'intended for Captain James Roch, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with, the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Resumption A Petition of Phillip Doughty, Esquire, was presented uf Grants. to the House, and read; setting forth, that their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, by Letters Patents, made in the 3d Year of their Reign, granted unto William Ilarbord, Esquire, the Manor of Stoughton

Magna, in the County of Huntington, for 99 Years, paying 5/. to the Crown: That Mr. by his Will

bequeathed the said Manor [interalia) to his Four Daughters, Mary, Margaret, Grace, and Letitia, and afterwards died, on Ins Embassy to the Ottoman Port: That Grace being unfortunately married to Thomas Hatcher, Esquire, and afterwards separated, her separate Maintenance was very small, and far short to support her according to her Quality; and therefore, to enable her to raise Money, she, with her Husband, settled her undivided Share of the said Estate on James Herriot, and the Petitioner, in Trust, in the first Place to pay her Debts; upon the Credit whereof the Petitioner was prevailed upon to become bound with her for near 3,000 /. and she is since dead, and the Petitioner hath paid several of her said Debts: And 'praying, that a proper Clause may be inserted in the Bill of Resumption of Grants, made by their said late Majesties, for exempting a fourth Part of the said Lease out of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ditto. A Petition of John Hyde, Andrew Stone, and Peter

Deline, Executors of Richard Smith, deceased, on the behulf of themselves, and Mary Holbrook, Grace, Ernme, and Richard, HolbrookAnn Hyde, John, Ann, ana Vol. 14.

Samuel, Hyde, Grace Cole, Jane and John Cole, all Infants, and Legatees of the said Richard Smith, wa9 presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that his late Majesty King William, by his Letters Patents, dated the 25th of November, in the 7U1 Year of his Reign, did grant unto Francis Gell, Esquire, a Parcel of Land, called

Flint zoooodx or Flint Common, in Flintshire, and also the great Waste or Salt-marsh Lands, called and the

Chanel of the River Dee, in the County of Chester, to hold for 31 Years, yielding to his Majesty an eighth Part of so much of the Premises, as should be recovered, at Michaelmas then next, the said Lands being always overflowed at Spring Tides: That Gell, to carry on the Improvement of the said Lands, mortgaged the same to the said Richard Smith for 10,000 /. which, with the Interest due, is as much as the Premises are worth, to be sold:

That Smith made his Will, and devised his Interest in the Premises to the Petitioners the Infants, who are otherwise altogether unprovided for: And praying, that a Clause may be inserted in the Bill, depending in the House, for resuming several Grants, made by their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, or by the said late King William, for saving the Petitioners Right in the said Premises under the said Grant

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Sir Robert Davers reported from the Committee, to Awdley's whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Estate. Act for the making void certain Uses, Estates, and Trusts, limited in the Marriage Settlement of Henry Awdley, Esquire, of certain Manors and Lands contained in that Settlement, and settling other Manors and Lands, of better Value, to and for the same Uses, Estates, and Trusts, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

An ingrossed Bill, to subject the Estate of Robert Coke, Coke's of Trusley, in the County of Derby, Esquire, and William Estate. Coke, his Son, and Heir apparent, to the Payment of the said Robert Cake's Debts, and to make Provision for the Wife and Children of the said William Coke, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act to subject the Estate of Robert Coke, of Trusley,

/ in the County of Derby, Esquire, and William Coke, his Son, and Heir apparent, to the Payment of the said Robert Cokes Debts, and to make Provision for the Wife and younger Children of the said William Coke.

Ordered, That Mr. Harpur do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Frampton' for the better vesting in Giles Frampton, Esquire, the Estate. Manor and Farm of Moorton, alias Moreton, and Hurst, in the County of Dorset, in Possession, and for the better securing the same, and the other Manors, Farms, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, late of William Frampton, Esquire, deceased, to him the said Giles Frampton, and such as are entitled in Remainder after him, upon the Death of Frampton,

Esquire, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Scobell,

Mr. Manley, Mr. England, Mr. Blofeld, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Clark, Sir William Hustler, Sir Dudley Cullum,

Mr. Clayton, Mr. Compton, Mr. Mr. Haw,

Sir Jacob Astley, Mr. Wilkins, Mr. Saule, Mr. King, Sir Math. Dudley, Mr. Storehouse, Mr. Vernon, Sir Fra.

Massam, Mr. Dyott, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Harvey, Colonel King; and all the Members, that serve for the Counties of Dorset and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

4 P A Petition

Wearing printed Cal-iicoes.

Recruiting the Forces.

Cawdrons

Estate.

Dover Harbour.

Torr's

Estate.

Manning the Navy.

Cary's

Estate.

Bramber

Election.

334 12° Felruarii. . 1703.

A Petition of the Printers and Stainers of Callicoes was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners have at great Expence learnt from India the Art of staining Callicoes in England, to Perfection, and for that Purpose have taken great I louses and Grounds, and therein employ many Thousands of Poor; and this Trade very little hinders the Consumption of our Wool, in regard Callicoes are mostly used for Children's Frocks, Aprons, Quilts for Beds, &c. which no Woollen Manufactures can supply, and, for Women's Garments, such Stuffs, as would serve for Callicoes, must be very light, and are also composed of Silk, Cotton, Mohair, Grogram, Yarn, and other foreign Commodities, as well as Wool; and that in the Western Plantations a Cargoe of Stuffs cannot be vended without some stained Callicoes, as most useful in hot Countries; and yet there is a Bill brought into the House, for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of England, and setting the Poor at work; which indeed is to restrain the Use of printed Callicoes, to the Ruin of the Petitioners, and the Discouragement of such useful Arts and Discoveries: And praying, that they may be heard by Counsel at the Bar of the House, or otherwise, as shall be thought fit, before the said Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill, for raising Recruits for the Land Forces, and for dispensing with Part of the Act for the Encouragement and Increase of Shipping and Navigation, during the present War was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House.

Resolved, That the Pill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers, and Mr. Hiccocks:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Robert Caxedron, Esquire, to settle Part of his Estate, which he hath improved, for raising Portions for his younger Children, without any Amendments:

Also, have agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term of Years, granted by an Act, passed in the Session of Parliament, held in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of King William the Third, for the Repair of Dover Harbour, without any Amendments:

Also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of James Torr, Gentleman, deceased, for Payment of his Debts, and for settling the other Part thereof to the Uses therein mentioned; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also, a Bill, intituled, An Act for the more regular and speedy manning the royal Navy, and Increase of Seamen; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also, a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Manor of Yeovilton, in the County of Somerset, and other Lands therein mentioned, of William Cary, Esquire, in Trustees, for discharging Incumbrances, and making Provision for his younger Children, and settling other Lands, in the County of Dcxon, in lieu thereof; to which they do likewise desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of the Lord Viscount Windsor, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the last Election of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bramber,in Sussex, the Petitioner, and

Samuel Sambrvok, Esquire, stood Candidates; and the Petitioner had a Majority of legal Votes, though the Constable of the said Borough polled several for Mr. Sambrook, w ho had no Votes, and Mr. Oxeai, and his Son, procured 13

several to vote for him, who otherwise would have voted for the Petitioner: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Mr. Speaker reported to the House, that they did Yesterday present their Address to her Majesty; and that her Majesty was pleased thereupon to give this gracious Answer:

Gentlemen,

I am very glad, to find my Message has been so acceptable to you: I hope you will effectually improve it, to the Advantage of the Church, as by Law established, for which no body can have more true and real Concern, than myself.

A Bill, for taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, was (according to Order) read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, to restrain the Exportation of Silver and Gold to the East India's-,

A Petition of Edicard Stringer (who is separately interested in the Right of Trade to the East India's, and not in the joint Stock) was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner is entitled to Part of the Fund of Two Millions, raised by an Act of Parliament, for the Service of the Crown, and for settling the Trade to die East India's; whereby the Petitioner hath a Right to trade yearly thither for the like Value, as he is interested in the said Fund, in Goods, Wares, foreign Coin, Bullion, or such other Commodities as might lawfully be sent thither: That there is a Bill depending in the House, to restrain the Exportation of Silver and Gold to the East India's, which, if it should pass, will not only infringe the Petitioner's Right, but be a total Prohibition of his small separate trading thither: And praying, that die Petitioner's Right, of exporting foreign Coin to the East India's, in the way of his Trade, may not be restrained.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of JohnBexcel I (who hath by Law a Right

to trade to the East India's, separate from the joint Stock) was presented to die House, and read; setting forth, that in pursuance of an Act of Parliament, made in the N inth and Tenth Year of his late Majesty 's Reign, the Petitioner was a Contributor towards advancing Two Millions of Money, for the Service of the Crown, and settling the Trade to the East India's; whereby the Petitioner, or his Assigns, hath a Right to trade yearly for the like Value, as he advanced, in Goods, Merchandizes, Coin, Bullion, or other Commodities, as may lawfully be sent thither; but there is a Bill de pending in the House, to restrain the Exportation of Silver and Gold to the East India's, which will not only be an Infringement of the Petitioner's Right in that Trade, but a total Prohibition of his future trading thither, by reason of his separate and small Proportion of Trade: And praying, that his said Right may not be prejudiced by the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be refeired to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Thomas Lake, Esquire (w ho is separately interested in the Right to trade to the East India's, and not in a joint Stock) was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner is entitled to Part of the Fund of Two Millions, raised in pursuance of an Act of

Parliament

Answer to Address.

Public

Accounts.

Exporting

Bullion.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

iuittd

2 Ann.

12° — i 40

335

Parliament, for advancing the said Sum, and settling the of Am Packer in Trustees, for the Purposes therein men-' Trade to the AW Lidia's;whereby he is entitled to trade tioned, was read the First time.

yearly thither in Wares, Coin, Bullion, and other Commodities, as might lawfully be sent, for the like Value, as the Petitioner is interested in the said Fund: That the Bill, depending in the House, to restrain the Exportation of Silver and Gold to the East Lidia's, will infringe the Petitioner's said Right, and, by reason of his small Proportion, and separate Trade to the East Lidia's, will be a total Prohibition thereof to him: And praying, that his Right

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time Friday Morning next.

upon

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Caw's vesting the Manor of Yeovillo/i, in the County of Sumer- Estate set, and other Lands therein mentioned, of Car if,

Esquire, in Trustees, for discharging Incumbrances, ami making Provision for his younger Children, and settling

Exporting

Bullion.

to export foreign Coin may not be restrained, and that he other Lands in the County of Devon, in lieu thereof, was may be heard before the passing of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Then the House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Pierrcpont took the Chair of the Committee.

read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Astley'i enable Sir John Astley, Baronet, to make a Jointure, upon Estate, his Marriage, during his Minority, and to enable him to buy any Rent-charge, or other Incumbrance, upon his Estate, was read a Second time. i

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Jacob Astley, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Ilarpur, Mr. England, Mr. Hi I-

Importing Salt-pet re.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Picrrepont reported from the said Committee, T

that they had made some Progress in the Matter to them kins, Mr. Mr. Turner, Lord Ilyde,

referred; and had directed him to move, that they may Mr. Sir Sir Mr. If

have leave to sit again. Mr- Corbett, Sir Briggs, Sir Holland, Sir

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning bert Dovers, Mr Clark, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Mr.

Bio fetid, Mr. Smith, Mr. Topham, Colonel Webb, and all, that serve for the Counties of Stafford and Salop: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the adjourned Debate, touching the Commitment of the Bill, for the reviving of an Act, made in the Fifth and Sixth Year of their late Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for the Importation of Salt-petre for One Year, be further adjourned until this Day Sevennight.

Duties on Logwood,

Westminster, kc. Nightly Watch.

, Army

Debts.

Promissory

Notes.

Punishing Mutiny and Desertion.

Packer's

Estate.

Ordered, That the Petitions, relating to the Duties up-

i Logwoc....

Sevennight,

A Bill, that the Ships, called the Golden Star and Golden Star being taken as Prizes, and condemned, may have the Free- and Bull dom of trading as English Ships, was read a Second time. S1]‘PS-Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Clayton,

Lord Coningsby, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Sir Robert

on Logwood, be taken into Consideration upon this Day 'P.avf,rsp Sir

Sevennight J Sir Robert Eden, Sir Hustler, Mr. Sir H al-

Ordered, That the Bill, for the better regulating the nightly Watch in the Counties of Middles etc, and Surrey, City and Liberty of I Vest minster, and Places adjacent within the weekly Bills of Mortality, and for the more effectual lighting the Streets in dark Nights, and paving and cleansing the same, be read the First time upon Tuesday Morning next, after the Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, to restrain the Exportation of Silver and Gold to the East India's.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, take into Consideration the Report from the Commissioners, appointed to take, examine, and determine, the Debt due to the Army, and for Transport Service, and an Account of the Prizes, taken during the War.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the- whole House, upon the Bill, forgiving like Remedy upon Notes, promising the Payment of Money, as is now upon Bills of Exchange.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

terYonge, Mr. Clark, Mr. Monson, Sir Wm. Robinson, Mr. Harley, Mr. Lee, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Yates, Mr.

Brewer, Sir Hen.Lyddall, Mr. Moor, Mr. Mr. Naylor, Mr. Brydges, Mr. Shackerlcy, Sir John Kay, Sir Tho.

Hobson; and all, that serve for the Cinque Ports, and for Sussex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill, to discharge the Governor and Company for Sword-blatle making hollow Sword-blades, in England, of the Sum of Company's 18,864/. 7 s. 1 id.by Mistake overcharged in the Pur- 01

chase-money, for several forfeited and other Estates and feitures> Interests in Ireland, purchased by them, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Gilbert Hcathcot, Sir Walter Yonge, Mr. Clark, Mr. Clayton, Sir

Wm. Robinson, Mr. Brydges, Mr. Hurley, Lord Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Blofeld, Mr. Sir Dudley, Sir Wm.Hustler, Mr. Rudge, Sir Kay, Mr.

Jenkins, Sir Fra. Massam, Sir Tho.Hales, Sir Cha. Hotharn,

Sir Robert Eden, Sir Hen. Lyddall, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Yates,

Mr. Ward, Mr. Lee, Mr. Herne, Mr. York, Mr. Champ-nyes, Colonel Soames: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill, to enable Trustees to sell such Part of the Lister's House, upon the Bill, for punishing Officers and Soldiers Estate of Richard Lister, Esquire, and Frances Pale Lister, Estate, who shall mutiny, or desert her Majesty's Service, in his Wife, sole Daughter and Heir of Sir Tho. Smith, Ba-England or Ireland, and for punishing false Musters, and ronet, deceased, in the County of and the County

for better Payment of Quarters in England, for the Year of the City of as remains unsold, in order to raise

1704. Money, for the Payment of the Debts of the said Sir

And then the House adjourned till Monday mas Smith, and for Portions for younger Children of the Morning, Nine a Clock. said Dances Pate Lister, and for applying the Overplus

__________ in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the same

Uses, and likewise for confirming such Leases and Sales, as have been made towards Discharge of the said Debts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Geo Beaumont, Sir John Mordant, Mr. Ilarpur, Sir Robert Eden,

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Sir Willoughby Hickman, Mr. Colton, Mr. Fleming, Mr. for making Provision for, and settling the Fortune Halford, Mr. Pigott, Sir John Williams, Sir John Vo l. 14. Molesu'orth,

Lunce, 14° die Februarii;

Anno 2 Annas Regina.

Praters.

N ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making Provision for, and settling the Fortune,

i i

Hawe's

Wearing

printed

Caliicoes.

Debtor s Petition.

Privilege of Public Officers.

Herbert's

Lfctate.

336

140 Februarii. 1703.

Molesicorth, Colonel Stringer, Sir John Kay, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. Portman, Mr. Shackerley, Sir JVm. Robinson, Sir Math. Dudley, Sir Fra. Mr. Heme,

Mr. Monson, Sir JVm. St. Q Mr. Rowncy, Mr.

GregoryMr. Gulston, Mr. Lawson, Mr. Sir

Chr. Ilalcs, Mr. Clark, and all, that serve for the Counties of Chester, Lancaster, and LeicesterAnd they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of John Haxce, of in the County of

Stafford, Gentleman, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner made three voluntary Settlements of his Estate upon his Children, of whom but two are living, the eldest not above Seven Years of Age, and since the Petitioner hath contracted several Debts, which, by reason of Taxes, and incident Charges, the Premises are so much incumbered, that there wilfnot be sufficient, during the Petitioner's Life, to maintain himself, and bring up his Children: That the Uncles, and nearest Relations of the Mother's Side, are sensible, it will be for the Interest of the said Infants, and Family in general, that Part of the Premises should be sold, for Payment of the said DebtsAnd praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Hill, for Sale of some Part of the Petitioner's Estate, for paying his Debts, and for settling other Part upon his Children.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. ccurt and Mr. Gape do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of the Merchants, and Planters, trading to, and interested in, the Island of Jamaica, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said Island being situate in a hot Climate, much of the Cloathing of the Inhabitants is stained Callicoes, which being light, and cheap, and capable of often washing, contributes very much to the keeping them clean, and in Health: That the Bill, depending in the House, for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of will re-

strain the wearing of such Callicoes in Jamaica, and will be a great Grievance upon the Inhabitants there: And praying, that the Petitioners may be heard by their Counsel, or otherwise, before the passing of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of several poor Prisoners in St. Edmonds Bury Gaol in the County of Suffolk, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said Gaol is so very small, and the Prisoners so numerous, that there is not room to lodge them in it, and will endanger a Contagion amongst them, if not speedily relieved by the House: That, if the Petitioners had their Liberty, they should be enabled to pay their Debts, and serve their Country: And praying, that the House w ill take their deplorable Condition into Consideration, and relieve them therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill, for the Discharge of such insolvent Debtors, as shall serve in her Majesty's Fleet, or Army, be read a Second time.

A Bill, for the further Explanation and Regulation of Privilege, in relation to Persons in publick Offices, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of Dame Mary Herbert, of the City of York, Widow and Relict of Sir Humphry Herbert, Baronet, in behalf of herself, and her Son, Sir Fho. Herbert, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said Sir Humphry, being very much indebted, devised all his Estate to Trustees, to pay his Debts; who have obtained Leave of this House to bring in a Bill, to rectify a literal Mistake in a common Recovery suffered by Sir Humphry

Hei'bert, and in the Deeds and Writs of Entry relating the reunto: [And therefore praying, that she may not be thereby injured of any Part of her Dower, or Thirds, of any Lands or Tenements, with then' Appurteriances, whereof the said Sir Humphry Herbert was at any Time seised, during their Intermarriage, nor his only Son, and Heir (being a Minor) divested of any legal Title to the Estate of the said Sir Humphry Herbert, his Father; and that the Petitioner may be heard by her Counsel, before the said Bill do pass. ]

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Phillip Packer, Esquire, was presented to Packer' the House and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner, Estate, having married Ann Ash, is thereby entitled to her whole personal Estate, as also to the Government and Care of her Person: That the Lords have passed a Bill, for the settling the Fortune of Ann Packer in Trustees, for the Purposes therein mentioned; whereby the Petitioner finds himself and Wife highly grieved, being made Parties, contrary to their Wills; and thereby the Husband contrary to all Precedent, finds himself divested of his Wife's Person and Estate, and the Wife, though not personally inspected, and under no Commission, represented a Lunatick by their Lordships: And praying the Justice and Relief of this House against such unprecedented Proceedings, and that he may be heard by Counsel against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the-Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Francis Robinson, Esquire, Provost-mar- Army shal-general of her Majesty's Forces, was presented to the Debt . House, and read; setting forth, that in the Years 1695,

1696, and 1697, the Petitioner did advance the Sum of 5521, for supplying French Prisoners in Flanders with Bread, and other Necessaries of Life; and all the said Money is still unpaid, though the Petioner duly passed his Accounts with the General, had Warrants for the same under his late Majesty's Hand, applied himself to the then Paymaster of the Army, and also to the Commissioners of Accounts, in order to obtain Debentures for the same; but they alleged, they had not Power to examine any Accounts, relating to the Contingencies of the Army: And praying, that his Accounts may be examined, and that some Provision may be made, for paying the Petitioner what shall appear due thereon.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Commissioners, appointed to take, examine, and determine, the Debt, due to the Army, and for Transport Service, and an Account of the Prizes, taken during the War; and that they do examine the same, and state the Matter of Fact to this House.

A Complaint being made to the House of a printed Privilege-Paper, intituled, " The Observator: From Wednesday, Libellous " Febr. the 9th, to Saturday, February the 12th, 1703;" Publ‘cation. published on Saturday last, as printed by John How in Talbot Court, in Grace-church Street, and sold by Benjamin Bragg in Ave Mary Lane, notwithstanding the Censure of this House upon John and the said

John How, and Benj. Bragg, in relation to a former printed Paper, intituled,"TheObservator;" upon account whereof they abscond from Justice, and cannot be found, or apprehended, pursuant to the Order of this House;

Resolved That John Tutchin, the Author of the Observator, having broken the Privilege of this House, and since absconded from Justice, and continues to write the said seditious and scandalous Papers, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that she will please to issue her royal Proclamation, for apprehending the said John Tutchin, promising a Reward for Discovery of him.

Resolved, That John How, and Benjamin Bragg, the Printer, and Publisher, of the Obse, having broke

the

[ ] These Words ax supplied from the original Petition.

if.

2 Ann.. 140 — 15"

the Privilege of this House, and since absconded from Justice, and continue to print, and publish, the said scandalous and seditious Papers, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that she will please to issue her royal Proclamation, for apprehending the said John How, and Benjamin Bragg, promising a Reward for Discovery of them.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House, as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Resumption The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a «r Grant . Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill, for resuming several Grants, made by the late King James, and by their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary (of glorious Memory) or by the said late King William.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had gone through the Bills, and made them into One; and made several Amendments, which the Committee had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon this Day Sevenniglit.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 15 die Februarii;

Anno 2® Annas Regince.

Praters.

T ill' ERED, That Mr. Bertie, Mr. Monson, Sir

Estate. " Robert Dovers, Mr. Fagg, Mr. Dry den, Mr.

and all the Members, that serve for the County of Kent, and the Cinque Ports, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill, to vest the Manor of Hanslopp and Castic-thru p, and all other the Lands and Hereditaments of Sir 1Peter Tyrrill, and Tho. Esquire, his Son, in Trustees, to sell Part thereof, for Payment of Debts, is committed.

Christ A Bill, for vesting in Sir Robert Atkins, Knight of the

Church Honourable Order of the Rath, late Lord Chief Baron of Ecclesiasti- her Majesty's Court of Exchequer, the Vicarage of Lower ca state. Snell,in the County of Gloucester, in Exchange with the

Dean and Chapter of Christ Church, for the per-

petual Nomination of a Preacher or Curate within the Parish Church of Waltham Holy Crosse, in the County of Essex, and for a Messuage or Tenement, and other Things, in Waltham Holy Crosse, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bromley, Lord Picrrcpont, Mr. Sir Chr. Hales, Lord

Coningsby, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Mr. Knotchbull,

Sir William Drake, Sir William Whitlock, Sir Robert Eden, Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. Henley, Lord Mr. Paget, Sir Wm.Coryton, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Poke, Sir Cyrill Wych, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Wyld, Mr. Tredenham, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Guy, Mr. Grahme, Mr. Monson, Mr. Gery, Mr Mr

pur, Mr. Annesley, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Gape, Mr. Levenz: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

igb/s A Petition of Sir John Conway, Baronet, Henry Ctyrway,

suae. his Son, and Maria MConway, his Daughter, (both Infants) by Dame Mary Conway, deceased, one of the Daughters and Coheirs of John Digby, Esquire, deceased, and also of Richard Esquire, Bridget and

Chariot la, his Daughters (both also Infants) by Charlotta Mostyn, deceased, the other Daughter and Coheir of the said John Digby, deceased, was presented to the Vol. 14.

Februarii. 337

House, and road; setting forth, that the said John Digby, being seized in Fee of divers Manors, Messuages, and Premises, in Buckinghamshire, did, in August, 1673, devise all his said Estate to his said Two Daughters, and their Heirs: That by Agreement, made between the Petitioner Sir John Conway, and some of the Relations of the said Dame Mary, the said Estate is agreed to be sold, that Sir John may thereby be enabled to pay his Debts out of a Moiety of the Money arising by such Sale, he settling and clearing his own Estate in shire, of 1,200l. per Annum, on his Son Henry, and making a Provision of 3,000l. as a Portion for his said Daughter; and the said Richard Mostyn is to have the other Moiety of the Money arising by such Sale, he having agreed with his Wife and Relations, and.settled another Estate on his Children; but, in respect of the Infancy of some of the Petitioners, a Purchaser will not venture to buy the said Estate, without an Act of Parliament:

And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for Sale of the said Buckinghamshire Estate, and dividing the Money between Sir John Conway and Richard Mostyn, and for settling the Estate of the said Sir John Conway, in the County of Flint, and making Provision for his Daughter, according to the said Agreement.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr.

Bulkley do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of the Heirs of William, Richard, John, Tax on Humphrey, and George, Pendrill.and of Elizabeth Yates, Place and all deceased, was presented to the House, and read; setting I>ension > forth, that, in Consideration of the faithful Services of the said deceased Persons to King Charles the 2d, at and from the Royal Oak, he did, by Letters Patents, grant unto Trustees several Fee farm Rents, of 450/. per Annum, in Trust for the said Persons, and their Heirs, whose respective Shares are branched out amongst their numerous Family, who are in low Conditions: And praying, that a Clause may be inserted in the Bill, for laying a further Tax upon Offices and Pensions, towards raising of Money for the Service of the War, whereby the said Fee-farm Rents may be exempted from the said Tax.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Governor and Company of Merchants Wearing of London, trading to the East India's, in their general Prlnted Court assembled, was presented to the House, and read; C'd 0 setting forth, that there is a Bill depending in the House, for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of England, and setting the Poor at work, which is to restrain the wearing and using of printed and stained Callicoes in England, Ireland, and the English Plantations;

That such Restraint will be injurious to the Trade of England, and will divest the Petitioners of a considerable Part of the Trade, which they purchased forvaluableConsiderations, under an Act of Parliament: And praying, that they may be heard by their Counsel against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, at the Bar of this House, against the sqid Bill, upon Thursday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

Ordered, That the Weavers be also heard by their Counsel, at the same Time.

Ordered, That the Merchants, and Planters, trading to, and interested in, the Island of Jamaica, be also then heard by their Counsel, upon their Petition, which lies upon the Table till the Second Reading of the said Bill.

A Petition of the English Company, trading to the East- Ditto. India's, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there is a Bill depending in the House, for the

more effectual Encouragement of the Woollen Manu-

factures oi-England, and setting the Poor at work; which Bill is to restrain the using and wearing, in England, Ireland, and the Plantations, printed, stained, and painted Callicoes, although done in England', which Restraint will be a great Diminution of the Petitioners Trade, a Prejudice to general Trade, and will lessen her Majesty's

4 Q Revenue

Wearing

Printed

Callicoei.

Ditto

Bullion entered for East India.

Licentious-nets of the Frets

15° Februarii. . 1703.

Revenue considerably: And praying, that they may be heard by their Counsel against the said Bill,

Ordered, That the Petitioners be also then heard by their Counsel against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Printers and Stainers of Callicoes be also then heard by their Counsel, upon their Petition, which lies upon the Table till the Second Reading of the said Bill.

A Petition of the Linen-drapers of the Cities of London send Westminster, and Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Bill in the House, to restrain the Use and wearing of printed Callicoes, does only concern some few Towns of England, and will not occasion one Tenth Part of the Consumption of English Wool, as is supposed, and in many Cases the Woollen Manufactures cannot supply the Want of printed Callicoes: That such Restraint will only give Encouragement to the Dutch Manufactures, made in Imita-tation of East India Commodities, which they have already imported in great Quantities, Five times dearer to this Nation, than Callicoes: That the publick Loss of the annual Duties on Indian wrought Silks, since they were prohibited here, amounts to 200,000 /. as appears by the Custom-house Books, and one Tenth Part of that Sum hath not been gained, by all the Subjects of this Realm, by the English Commodities vended in lieu thereof; besides, this Bill will be almost destructive to the Petitioners Trade, and hurtful to the Publick: And praying, that they may be heard by their Counsel against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Petitioners be also then heard by their Counsel against the said Bill.

A Petition of the Merchants, and Planters, concerned in the Island of Barbadoes, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that if the Bill, depending in the House, to restrain the wearing of printed and stained Callicoes in the Plantations, should pass, it will be a great Hardship upon the Inhabitants of Barbadoes, which being a very hot Climate, they generally use such Callicoes for Clothing, they being light, and cheap, and can be often washed, so as to keep the People sweet and clean, which touch conduces to their Health, and to oblige them to wear improper Clothing will have the contrary Effect: And praying, that they may be heard by Counsel, before the said Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Petitioners be also then heard by their Counsel against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Second reading the said Bill be adjourned until Thursday Morning next

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House, an Account of all the Bullion, Silver and Gold, entered for the s since the

last Account laid before this House.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House, an Account of what has been lost of the Duties of the Customs, by the late Prohibition of East India Goods.

Number of Apprentices, and preventing of Interlopers, like as was in the said expired Act.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Sir Cyrill Wych, from the Trustees for Sale of the Baker forfeited Estates in Ireland, presented to the House the Claim . Report upon the Petition of John Baker, eldest Son of Colonel Baker, late Governor of Londonderry, in behalf of himself, his Brother, and Sisters.

Ordered, That the Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Harcourt (according to Order) presented to the Hawe's House a Bill, for setting aside of voluntary Settlements, Eatate. made by John Howe, Gentleman, of his Estate in the '

Counties of Stafford and Warwick, and settling Part thereof on Trustees, for the Maintenance of his Son John, and Daughter Elizabeth, and raising of a Portion for the said Daughter, and the greatest Part thereof for the said John Howe, for his Life, with Remainder to his said Son in Tail, and settling the Residue thereof, in the County of Stafford, to pay his Debts; and the Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Hele reported from the Committee, to whom the st. I.eger s, ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for na- &c. Nat. turalizing Henry Boisrond de St. Leger, Peter de la Grange, Lewis Wadden, and others, was comtoitted; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House:

Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Loamdes (according to Order) presented to the Doti« on

House a Bill, for better securing and regulating the Duties Salt upon Salt; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, to enable Sir J Cooper, Knight, Cowptr' and Anthony Henley, Esquire, to make Partition, and Estate, grant building Leases, of several Messuages and Tenements in Lincoln's Inn Fields, in the Parishes of St. Giles

in the Fields and St.Clement's Danes, in the County of Middlesex, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act to enable Sir JohnCowper, Knight, and Anthony Henley, Esquire, to make Partition, and grant building Leases, of several Messuages and Tenements in Lincoln's Inn Fields, in the Parish of St.Giles the Fields, and St. Clement's Danes, in the County of Middlesex.

Ordered, That Mr. Hungerford do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House, an Account of what new Sorts of slight Linen, and other Stuffs, have been imported from Holland since the Prohibition of East India Goods.

A Petition of the free Workmen Printers, of the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there is a Bill depending in the House, to prevent the Licentiousness of the Press; wherein there is a Clause, that no Books, or Pamphlets, shall be printed, until licensed: That since the Expiration of an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second (for preventing the printing seditious Books and Papers, and limiting the Number of Printers, and Printing Presses) the Petitioners are become so numerous, that there is scarce Business enough for them all at present, and, if they are confined to licensing, most of them, and their Families, will be reduced to Want: And praying the Consideration of the House, and that, if the said Bill do pass, a Clause may be inserted for limiting the

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard, Gresham and Doctor Edisbury: Bequest *

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the better enabling the Mayor, and Commonalty, and Citizens, of the City of London, and the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of the Mercers of the said City, to pay the Charities given by the last Will and Testament of Sir Thomas Gresham; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill, to repeal a Proviso in an Act of YqrkCitizen the Fourth Year of the Reign of King William and Queen J>18 8l|tloa Mary, which prevents the Citizens of the City of York 1 from disposing of their personal Estates by their Wills, as others, inhabiting within the Province of York, by that Act may do, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act to repeal a Proviso in an Act of the Fourth

Year

2 Ann.

i 50 — r 6°Febrmrii.

339

Irish Forfeitures.

Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, which prevents the Citizens of the City of York from disposing of their personal Estates by their Will, as others, inhabiting within the Province of York, by that Act may do.

Ordered, That Mr. Jenkins do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrenoe thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill, to enlarge the Time, for the Purchasers of the forfeited Estates in Ireland to make the Payment of their Purchase-money, was read the Third time.

And several Amendments were proposed to be made;

viz.

Press 4th, L- 29. To leave out "Two," and insert " One" instead thereof.

Pr. L. To insert " nevertheless, this Act shall " not make void any special Agreement, made between " the said Trustees, or any of the Purchasers, touching " the computing or determining the Interest upon auy " Debentures, applied, or to be applied, to the purchasing any of the said Estates."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Time, for the Purchasers of the forfeited Estates in Ireland to make the Payment of their Purchase-money.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further adjourned till this Day Sevennight.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for the better Relief, Employment, and Settlement, of the Poor.

Licentious- The Order of the Day being read, for the House to ness of the resolve itself into, a Committee of the whole House, upon PreM. the Bill, to prevent the Licentiousness of the Press; Printing Law A Petition of William Rawlins and Samuel Books. Assignees of Richard and Edward Atkins, Esquires, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Suggestions contained in the Petition of Daniel Brown, and others, in behalf of themselves, and other Booksellers and Printers of presented to this House

on the 7th Instant, are groundless and false, and tend to the Prejudice of her Majesty's Prerogative, and the invalidating the Petitioners just Right in the Patents, granted for printing of Law Books by several Kings and Queens of this Realm: And praying, that they may be heard by their Counsel against the said Allegations, before the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Consideration of the said Petition is referred.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be also referred to the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next (after the' Committee upon the Bill, for taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom) resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, to prevent the Licentiousness of the Press.

Examination Ordered, That the Report of the Address to her Ma-ofsuspected jesty, upon the Occasion of the Representation of the by Lords, be made upon Friday Morning next

The Lord Pierrepont reported from the said Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Friday Morning next.

A Bill, for the better regulating the nightly Watch in We tmin t«r, the Counties of Middlesex, and Surrey, City and Liberty Ac. nightly of Westminster, and Places adjacent within the weekly atch>

Bills of Mortality, and for the more effectual lighting the Streets in dark Nights, and paving and cleansing the same, was (according to Order) read the First time.

And the Question being put, That the Bill be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Call of the House.

Poor Laws.

Exporting

Bullion.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill, to restrain the Exportation of Silver and Gold to the East India's.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Pierrepont took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Vol. 14.

Mercurii, 16 die Februarii;

Anno 2 Ann® Regina.

Pjt AYERS.

AN ingrossed Bill, for naturalizing Rene - Ranc's, &c.

shew Decker, and others, was read the Third

time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be.

An Act for naturalizing Rene Ranc, Matthew Decker, and others.

Ordered, That Mr. Crosse do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill, for prolonging , the Time, granted Importing by an Act of Parliament, made in the First Year of her thro.wn Majesty's Reign, for importing into England thrown Silk, of the Growth of Sicily, from Leghome, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for prolonging the Time, granted by an Act of Parliament, made in the First Year of her Majesty's Reign, for importing into England thrown Silk, of the.

Growth of Sicily,from Leghome.

Ordered, That Mr. Moor do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill, to establish and confirm a Partition, style's an Agreement, of, and touching, the Estate of Sir Estate.

Style, late of Wateringbury, in the County of Kent,

Baronet, deceased, was read the third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act to establish and confirm a Partition, and Agreement, of, and touching, the Estate of Sir Thomas Style, late of Wateringbury, in the County of Kent, Baronet Ordered, That Mr. Brewer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Bulkley (according to Order) presented to the Digby's

House a Bill, for Sale of the Estate late of John Digby, Estate. Esquire, deceased, in the County of Buckingham, and dividing the Money between Sir John Conway, Baronet, and Richard Mostyn, Esquire, and for settling the Estate of Sir John Coirway, in the County of Flint, and making a Provision for his Son and Daughter, according to an Agreement for that Purpose; and the same was received, and read the'First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard, and Jtakins' Doctor Edisbury: Estau.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act, to enable John Jenkins, Esquire, to sell Lands in the Counties of Durham and Northumberland, for Payment of Debts charged thereupon, without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr.

Mr. Speaker communicates the Content of a Letter.

Sfipply Bill; Tax onPlaces and Pension *

Ways and Means.

Golden Star and Bull Ships.

Sword-blade Company's Purchase of Irish For-teitures.

Hawes'Claim on Irish Forfeitures.

340 16 — 170 Febrmrii. A. 1703.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, that he did last Night receive a Letter from Mr. Tut chin, the Author of the Obseroator: The Contents whereof he mentioned to the House, and delivered the Letter to the Clerk.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill, for laying a further Tax upon Offices and Pensions, and for charging several Professions, towards raising of Money for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Friday Morning next.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 17 dieFebruarii;

Anno 2 Ann® Regina.

Sale of the Irish Forfeitures, and the Bond, and Evidence,

was lodged with their Officer: That by a Clause in an Act, for enlarging the Time for John Hill, Esquire, and his Wife, to enter their Claims before the said Trustees, with relation to a Judgment against Robert Grace, See. the said Trustees were impowered to ascertain, and direct the Payment of, the Debts, chargeable upon Sir Patrick's Estate, out of the Money arising by Sale thereof; and, pursuant to that Act, the Petitioner petitioned the said Trustees for an Allowance of the sard Debt; but by Mischance the said Bond, and Evidence, was mislaid, so as the Petitioner could have no Relief, before the Trustees Power expired; since which, the said Bond, and Evidence, have been found, and re-delivered to the Petitioner: And praying, that the said Debt may be paid out of the Arrears of Rent, yet unreceived, of Sir Patrick Trant's Estate.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Trustees for Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, to examine the same, and state the Fact to this House.

A Petition of Eliz. Clowdesley, Widow, one of the ciowdesUy» Creditors of the late Sir Patrick Iiaronet, de- Claims oa

ceased, was presented to the House, and read; setting lor' forth, that the said Sir Patrick, by Deeds, subjected his feltures Estate in Ireland to the Payment of his Debts, of what Kind soever, was afterwards outlawed for High Treason, his Estate vested in the Trustees for Sale of Irish Forfeitures, and they, by Act of Parliament, directed to examine and pay his Debts out of the Money arising by Sale of his Estate: That the Petitioner's Debt was 268/. upon a running Account between 1682, and 1C88, for which she applied to the said Trustees; but her Witnesses being in England, and only Affidavits produced in Ireland, the Trustees did not direct the Payment of the said Debt, which she is ready to prove here in England: And praying, that the said Trustees may examine it.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Trustees for Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, to examine the Matter of Fact, and state the same to this House.

Prayers. An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Torr'sEitate.

MR. Conyers reported from the Committee, to whom for Sale of Part of the Estate of James Torr, Gentleman, the Bill, that the Ships called the Golden Star and deceased, for Payment of his Debts, and for settling the Bull, being taken as Prizes, and condemned, may have other Part thereof to the Uses therein mentioned, was the Freedom of trading as English Ships, was committed; read the First time.

that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time; had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the Bill in at An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Gresham' the Clerk's Table. for the better enabling the Mayor, and Commonalty, and Be<l«est9-

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed. Citizens, of the City of London, and the Wardens and

Commonalty of the Mystery of the Mercers of the said Sir Mathew Dudley reported from the Committee, to City, to pay the Charities given by the last Will and whom the Bill, to discharge the Governor and Company Testament of Sir Thomas Gresham, was read the First for making hollow Sword-blades, in England, of the Sum time.

of 18,864/. ~s. i\d. by Mistake overcharged in the Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Purchase-money for several forfeited and other Estates and

Interests in Ireland, purchased by them, was committed; An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled An Act Fennor that they had made some Amendments to the Bill, which for setting aside a voluntary Settlement made by Mary Estate, they had directed him to report to the House: Which he Fermor, Widow, and for ratifying a Partition, made of read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards the Manors of Mersham and Pett, and divers Lands in delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were the County of Sussex, between her, and Bartholomew once read throughout, and then a Second time one by Walmesley Esquire, and others, was read a Second time, one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mitchell, agreed unto by the House. Colonel Mr. Harpur, Mr. Hooker, Mr. Went-

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be worth, Mr. Sir Coriton, Mr. Sir

ingrossed. Fra. Blake, Mr. Renda, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Lawson,

Mr. Johnson, Mr. Mason, Mr. Brewer, Sir Roger Brad-A Petition of George Hawes, Gentleman, was pre- show, Sir Math. Dudley, Sir John Kay, Mr. Halford, sented to the House, and read; setting forth, that Sir Mr. Ash, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Lmcther, Sir Turner,

Patrick Trant was indebted to the Petitioner 200l. per Sir Tho. Hales, Sir Isaac Rebow, Mr. Harcourt, Mr.

Bond, and in May 1688, made a Conveyance of his Knatchbull, Mr. Sir Blake, Sir Phill. But-

Estate, and subjected the same to the Payment of his ler. Sir Tho. Mackworth, Mr. Hampden-, and all, that Debts, by a Schedule, wherein the Petitioner's Debt was serve for the Counties of Northampton, Sussex, and York: included; and the said Conveyance, Debt, and Truth of And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Premises, were fully proved before the Trustees for the Speaker's Chamber.

Lamplugh's

Estate.

Linen imported from Holland, fee.

a Ann. t70 Februa 341

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled An Act for settling the Estate of Doctor deceased,

pursuant to his Marriage Article, and Settlement, prepared for that Purpose, and for Provision for his younger Children, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Mordant, Sir Cha. Turner, Sir Math. Dudley, Mr.

Mr. Yates, Sir John Kay, Mr. Harpur, Sir Con-ton, Sir Gerv. Elwes, Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. Palmer, Sir

Dudly Cullum, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Johnson,

Mr. Dryden, Mr. Pigot, Mr. Lowndes, Mr.

Mr. Clark, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Dashwc-od; and all, that serve for the Counties of Norfolk and Somerset And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House being informed, that several Officers from the Commissioners of the Customs attended, they were, called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

The Return of the Commissioners of the Customs; together with,

An Account of what new Sort of slight Linen, and other Stuffs, have been imported from Holland, since the Prohibition of East India Goods, to the 12th Instant;: and also,

An Account of all the Bullion, Silver, and Gold, entered for the East India's, from the 25th of December,

1703, to the 15th of February, 1703, inclusive; and also,

An Account of what has been lost of the Duties of the Customs by the late Prohibition of East India Goods, from Michaelmas, 1701, to Mich 1703; and also,

An Estimate of the Customs of the said prohibited Goods, imported in Nine Ships, since Michaelmas, 1703.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are bound up with foe other Papers of this Session.

The said Return of foe Commissioners of the Customs is, as followeth; viz.

To foe honourable foe Commons of England, in Parliament assembled:

IN Obedience to an Order of this honourable House, dated the 15th Instant, we do humbly lay before this House, by the Hands of foe proper Officers, An Account of all the Bullion, Silver and Gold, entered for the East India's since the last Account laid before this honourable House;

Also, An Account of what has been lost of foe Duties of Customs, by the late Prohibition of East India Goods;

And, An Account of what new Sorts of slight Linen, and other Stuffs, have been imported from Holland, since the Prohibition of East India Goods.

Upon the latter of which Articles we crave Leave humbly to observe to this honourable House, that many of those striped and coloured Linens which have been made, and introduced, to answer foe Purposes of the said prohibited East India Goods, being Linens of the Fabrick and Manufacture of Holland, have been entered, and pay Custom, as Holland's Linen, being the Duty, as we conceive, properly chargeable upon them by the Book of Rates; and, being a better Duty, than that ad,

which foe Importers would have put upon foe Officers of the Customs, we have caused to be insisted upon, as well in point of Right for the Crown, as for the Discouragement of the Innovation of those Sorts of Fabricks, to foe Prejudice of our Manufactures; so that those Sorts of Linens are not distinguished, in the Books of foe Customs, from other Holland's Linen.

Which being what, we conceive, is expected from us, is humbly submitted.

Custom-house, London,

17th Febr. 170L Wm.Cutiford, Rich. Breton, Sam. Clarke, A. Maynwaring.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon foe Table, to be perused by foe Members of foe House.

Vol. 14.

An ingrossed Bill, from foe Lords, intituled, An Act Holworth/s for vesting divers Manors and Lands of Matthew - E ut -worthy, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and purchasing other Manors, or Lands, of equal Value, and limiting the Manors, or Lands, to be purchased, to the same Uses, as the Lands to be sold are limited, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Mordant, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Rowney, Sir John Kay,

Mr. Pagit, Mr. Bridgman, Sir Tho. Hales, Mr. Dryden,

Mr. Yates, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Clayton,

Mr. Conyers, Sir Fran.Massam, Mr. Heme, Sir Dudley Cullum, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Fagg, Sir Gerv. Elwes, Mr.

How, Mr. Harpur, Mr. Wilkins, Sir Math Dudley, Mr.

Dashwood, Mr. Harley, Mr. Wilkins-, and all, that serve; for the Counties... Norfolk, Suffolk, and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in foe Speaker's Chamber.

A Message from foe Lords, by Sir Robert Legard, and Sir Richard Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to foe Bill, intituled, An Act Ferrar'uDebt to enable foe Lord High Treasurer of England, or Com- >the Crown, missioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to compound with John Ferrar, Esquire, for a Debt, due from him as Surety for John Mason, Gentleman, late Receiver-general for foe County of Cambridge, end Isle of Ely, without Amendment:

And also, to foe Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting in Bowe<

T rustees Part of the Estate of Thomas Harlackenden Bowes, E ut . Esquire, for Payment of foe Debts and Legacies, wherewith the said Estate in charged, and for preserving the Residue, clear of Charges, for foe Benefit of Thomas Bowes, Esquire, an Infant, without Amendment.

And then foe Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Bromley (according to Order) presented to foe Queen Anne' House a Bill, for foe making more effectual her Majesty's gracious Intentions for the Augmentation of foe j 11clergy. Maintenance of the poor Clergy, by enabling her Majesty to grant, in Perpetuity, the Revenues of the First fruits and Tenths; and foe same was received, and read foe First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Counsel, and Parties, attending to be heard, upon Encouraging the Petitions against the Bill, for foe more effectual En- Manu&c-couragement of foe Manufactures of England, and setting tures foe Poor at Work; they were called in:

And the Bill was read a Second time:

And foe Petitions against the Bill were also read:

Arid the Counsel we're heard, for the Printers and.

Stainers of CaMicoes, and for the Linen-drapers, and the Two East India Companies; and several Witnesses were examined, on Behalf' of the Linen-drapers, and Two Gentlemen,- on Behalf of foe Merchants, and Planters,1 of Jamaica, and Barbadoes; and also the Weavers were heard

And the the Counsel, and other Persons, withdrew

And a Motion being made, That foe Bill be committed;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Debate be adjourned;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:-

Tellers for the ] 92.

Tellers fprthfNqe, -' } 80.

So it wa£ resolved in foe Affirmative.

Resolved, That foe Debate be adjourned until Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Recruiting resolve itself into a Committee of tire whole House, dieforcu

4 R upon

Promissory

Notes.

Punishing Mutiny and Desertion.

; -J;

Cary's

Estate

Kops Nat.

Cotton's

Estate.

\Vl) of ler's

K Uie,

343 170 — 18° Febraarii. A. 1703.

upon the Bill, for raisin Recruits for the Land Forces, awl for dispensin'? with Part of the Act for the Encouragement and Increase of Shipping and Navigation during the present War.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for giving like Remedy upon Notes, promising the Payment of Money, as is now. upon Bills of Exchange.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for punishing Officers and Soldiers, who shall mutiny, or desert her Majesty's Service, in England, or Ireland, and for punishing false Musters, and for better Payment of Quarters in England, for the Year 1704.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 18® die Februarii;

Ordered, That Sir Robei't Edeii do Carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, with any Amendment

Mr. Dormer reported from the Committee, to whom Tyrrill' % the Bill, to vest the Manor of Hanslopp and Castlethropp, E»tat«. and all other the Lands and Hereditaments of Sir Peter Tyrrill, Baronet, and Thomas Tyrrill, Esquire, his Son, in the County of Bucks, in Trustees, to sell Part thereof, for Payment of Debts, and to settle other Lands and Hereditaments there, being of an equal Value, in lieu of the Lands to be sold, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the sarhe to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they bad directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Anno 2 Ann® Regina.

P RAVERS.

, A N ingrossed Bill from tire Lords, intituled, An Act il for vesting the Manor of , in the county of ' Somerset, and other Lands, therein mentioned, of

William Cary, Esquire, in Trustees, for discharging Incumbrances, and making Provision for his younger Children, and settling other Lands in the County of Devon, in lieu thereof, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sir Francis Massam, Sir Robert Mr. Harpur, Sir

Rich. Onsloze, Mr. Naylor, Sir Math. Dudley, Mr. Heine, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Sir Gerv. Etwes, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Hei'vey, Sir JVm. Mf. Verncy, Mr. Yates, Mr. Lh'yden, Mr. Mr. Bulkley, Mr.

Clayton, Mr Sharpe, Mr. T and all, that serve

for the Counties of Cornwall, Devon, Somerset, and South Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act f6rNaturalizing Isaac Kops, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

' , Ordered, That Sir- Francis Massam do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

j An. ingrossed Bill, for enabling Bernard Colton, Esquire, to sell some Part of his Estate, for Payment of" his Debts, and for confirming ,several Conveyances,; already made, of several other'Parcels of his Estate, by hnnself and Trustees, to the seyerad, Purchasers thereof, w_as read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made in Press 14,

L. 30; after " Purchasers" to leaveiout to " by" in:she 3.6line, and to insert " and." ,

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, . agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the 'Fable accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass > and that the Title be, An Act for enabling Bernard Cotton, Esquire, to aejll some Part of his Estate, for Payment of Debts, end for confirming several Conveyances,; already made, of several other Parcels of his Estate, by :hupsfeff and Trustees, to the several Purchasers thereof. (

Ordered, That Mr. Harpur a caxry the Bill to foe Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Sir George. Wheeler, Knight, and Doctor in Divinity, to make Jxases of some Houses and Ground- in Channou Roto, in Westminster, was read the Third time,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled,' An Act Awdley'» for the making void certain Uses, Estates, and Trusts, ‘‘delimited in the Marriage Settlement of Henry,

Esquire, of certainManors and Lands, contained in that Settlement, and settling other Manors and Lands, of better Value, to and for the same Uses, Estates, and Trusts, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Davers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

A Petition of Alexander-Pitfdld, Esquire, and Nicholas Packer's Goodwin, was presented to the House, and read; setting Estate, forth, that the Petitioners, are considerable Creditors,. by Mortgages and Judgment, of Philip Packer, Esquire, who has married Mrs. Ann Ash, and thereby has a Right to her Fortune, which becomes subject to his Creditors Demands; and so the Lord Keeper has ordered, and that;

Mr. Packer's Estate should be cleared from his Incumbrances, by his Wife's Fortune, and then be settled on him and her, as usually in Settlements: That Mrs. Packer's Relations have so far acquiesced will; the said Order, that they have brought great Part of her Fortune into Court, aha, if they had pressed the Execution of the said Order, might have had a satisfactory Settlement before now; and yet, without Mrs. Packer' Consent, are endeavouring to pass a - Bill, depending in this House, for making Provision for, and settling the Fortune of Ann Packer in Trustees, for the Purposes therein mentioned: And , praying, that the Petitioners may be heard at the Bar of the House against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the; said Bill be read a Sedbnd time.

A -Petition of several Officers, belonging to the Regi- The bringing merit late Melonier's, was offered to the House. UP Petition

And the Question being put, That the Petition be neg‘ brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

A Complaint being made to the House, that - Privilege.

wyn, Esquire, by Anthony Mesey,his Attorney, had arrest-

ed, and prosecuted in the Court of New Windsor, William Kilpin, a Servant of George Granville, Esquire, a Member oif this House, in Breach of the Privileges thereof;

OrderedThat the Consideration of the said Complaint, be- 'referred tq the Corqmjttee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, add report the same, . with, their Opinion therein, to the House. ..... v.

Ordered, That Mr. Bertie.do carry the Bill, to enable. Cowper *

Sir JohnCvwper, Knight, and Anthony Henley, Esquire, to E<tdle-

make

Privilege of Public k O&ceis.

Ways and Means.

4 ANN.' 18° Februarii, 343

make Partition, and gfaht building Leases, of several Messuages and Tenements in Lincoln's Inn , in the Parish of St.Giles in the Fields, and St. Clement's Danes, in the County of Middleto the Lords anti desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for the further Explanation and Regulation of Privilege, in relation to Persons in publick Offices.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to lier Majesty, the Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are, as follow; viz.

1. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards the Supply granted to her Majesty, an additional Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Duties, be laid upon all Goods and Merchandize imported.

2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said additional Subsidy, and Duties, be equal to One Third of the Subsidy, and Duties, granted to his late Majesty King William the 3d, by an Act, made in the 8th and 9th Years of his said late Majesty (intituled An Act for granting to his Majesty a further Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage upon Merchandizes imported, for the Term of Two Years and Three Quarters, and an additional Land Tax for one Year, for carrying on the War against France) and since continued, during her Majesty's Life.

3d, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said additional Subsidies, and Duties, be granted for a Term of Three Years.

4th, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards the Supply granted to her Majesty, a further Duty, of Three Pound per Tun, be laid upon all French Wines, brought in as Prize.

5th, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said further Duty be granted for a Term of Three Years.

6th, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties upon unrated Goods and Merchandizes, imported from the East India's, be charged according to the Value, for which they are sold at the Candle.

7th, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, out of the Duties, so charged, there be an Allowance made for the Duties themselves.

8th, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a further Deduction be made for what shall be allowed to the Buyers for prompt Payment

9th, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a further Deduction of Six Pound per Cent be allowed for the Charges in keeping the Goods, from the Time tire Goods are imported, until the Sale at the Candle.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That, towards the Supply granted to her Majesty, an additional Subsidy of Tonnage' and Poundage, and other Duties, be laid upon all Goods and Merchandize imported.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

Several Amendments were severally proposed to be made; viz.

By leaving out " 8th and 9th," and inserting, instead thereof, " 9th and 1 oth

Also, by leaving out " upon Merchandizes imported, " for the Term of Two Years and Three Quarters, and " an additional Land Tax for one Year, for carrying on " the War against France," and inserting, instead thereof, " towards raising the yearly Sum of 700,000 /. for the " Service of his Majesty's Household, and other Uses " therein mentioned, during his Majesty's Life."

Vox.. 14.

And the same were, upen the (Question'Severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, so amended, That the said additional Subsidy, and Duties, be equal to One Third of the Subsidy, and Duties, granted to his late Majesty King William the Third, by an Act, made in the 9th and 10th Years of his said late Majesty (intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a further Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, towards raising the yearly Sum of 700,000 I. for the Service of his Majesty's Houshould, and other Uses therein mentioned, during his Majesty's Life) and since continued, during her Majesty's Life.

The 3d, 4th, and 5th, Resolutions, being severally read a Second time,' were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The 6th Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by inserting " except Coffee," after " India's"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, so amended, That the Duties upon unrated Goods and Merchandizes, imported from the East India's (except Coffee) be charged according to the Value, for which they are sold at the Candle.

The [aJ 8th and 9th Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question-severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions; and that Mr. Solicitor-general, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Conyers, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Conyers also reported from the said Committee, that they had directed him to move, that an Account be laid before the House, of all such Goods and Merchandizes, liable to pay Customs, and not inserted in tire Book of Rates, and of the Values thereof, upon Importation and Exportation.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House, an Account of all such Goods and Merchandizes, liable to pay Customs, and' not inserted in the Book of Rates, and of the Values thereof, upon Importation and Exportation.

Mr. Granville reported from the Committee, appointed to draw up an humble Address, to be presented to her. Majesty, to clear this House from the Misrepresentations of the House of Lords, in their Representation presented to her Majesty; that they had drawn up an Address accordingly, which they had directed him to report to' the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was twice read.

And an Amendment being proposed, ' to leave out " from their Lordships themselves, who by this means " combining," and, instead thereof, inserting " should " the Lords combine:"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Address, so amended: And the same is, as followeth;

Most gracious Sovereign,

YOU Majesty having, with great Goodness, declared from the Throne to your Parliament, that divers ill Practices and Designs had been carried on in Scotland by Emissaries from France, which might have proved extremely dangerous to the Peace of these Kingdoms; and that you would lay the Particulars before your Parliament, as soon as the several Examinations could be fully perfected, and made publick without Prejudice; we, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Commons, resting secure and satisfied in your Majesty's great Wisdom and Care,

[a] The Proceedings of the House upon the 7th Resolution of the Committee are not mentioned in the Journal.

most

Examination of suspected Persons by Lords — Address on Lords Representation.

344 18° Februarii.

A. 1763.

Examination of suspected Persons by Lords — Address on Lords Representation.

most thankfuffy acknowledged the Confidence you have been pleased to repose in us:

But finding upon the Ix>rds Journals, that their Lordships, the very same Day, made two Orders; one, to remove your Majesty's Prisoners out of your Custody into their own; and the other, to commit their Examination

solely to a Committee of Seven Lords, chosen and appointed by themselves; by which your Majesty seemed excluded from any Power over the said Prisoners;

Your loyal Commons, justly sensible of the dangerous Consequences of such Proceedings, thought themselves obliged to declare their Concern at this Violation of your royal Prerogative, and the known Laws of the Laud, in an humble Address presented to your Majesty.

Your faithful Commons are well assured, when tills Matter comes to be rightly stated, and understood, a Zeal, so well intended, and so well grounded, will rather lie imputed to them as meritorious, than liable to Exception; and therefore, since their humble Address has been so artfully misrepresented by the Lords, in their late Representation, presented to your Majesty on,

the 18th of January, and published and spread with unusual Industry through all Parts of the Kingdom, they look upon thei.:.>elves under an indispensable Necessity of appearing before your Majesty in their own Justification.

Their Lordships think fit to take Offence at the Manner and Words of our Address, and accompany this Exception with Reflections, and Insinuations, more harsh, and more odious, than the most opprobrious Language: But as we made use of no Terms, but what were suitable to the Occasion; so it will appear by Precedents, that the same have been frequently and reciprocally used by both Houses to each other; nor could the Commons, in Respect to your Majesty, assert your royal Prerogative in Words of less Force, than those, in which they have vindicated their own Privileges.

Whatever Expressions our Zeal for your Majesty and the Publick might have inspired, we could never have offered to our Sovereign so ungrateful a Remembrance, as the Destruction of the Monarchy by a detestable Assembly, composed of Members ot both Houses, who, being alike Partakers in the Guilt, ought equally to share the Reproach.

With much more Reason might we observe, both on behalf of your Majesty, and the Commons, thut their Lordships, not contented with preferring their own Examinations to yours; not contented with excluding your Majesty, and the Commons, to whom parliamentary Enquiries most properly belong; appropriate to their House only, even in their Application to their Sovereign, the Name of a Parliament; an Instance, not to be paralleled, unless by that very Assembly, that subverted the Monarchy.

It is not the Question at present, as stated by the Lords, whether their Lordships have a Power of taking into Custody, while under Examination, Persons accused of criminal Matters, cognizable in Parliament; but, that their Lordships have a Right to take the Prisoners of the Crown, and the Examination of them, solely into their own Hands, without your Majesty's Consent, and in such a Manner, as must necessarily prove <an Exclusion of your Majesty, and this House, is the Proposition, your Commons deny, and for which their Lordships have produced no Precedent

This unhappy Occasion has been at the same time accompanied with the most surprising Instances of Contradiction, and counter Orders, to your Majesty, both preceding and subsequent to it, but especially on the 29th of January last, when your Majesty, with your accustomed Goodness, communicated to the Lords the Papers relating to the Scotch Conspiracy, with an Exception only of some Matters, not vet proper to be made publick, without preventing a further Discovery of Secrets of greater Importance, with which, your Majesty assured their Lordships, they should also be acquainted, as soon as it could be done without Prejudice: However their Lordships, upon what Provocation, or for what Reason, no where

2

appears, immediately addressed to yoiir Majesty, pressing you to lay before them the whole Matter, and ail Papers relating the reunto; by which your Majesty was put under a Necessity, either to give their Lordships a Refusal, or to comply with their unexpected Importunity, to the endangering the publick Service. These Proceedings, so extraordinary in their Nature, and in their Manner, could not but sensibly affect your faithful Commons, whose earnest Desire it is, to see both your Houses of Parliament, and the whole Body of your People, intirely agreed, to pay the Deference, due to your Majesty's Wisdom, to confide in your Care, and 'to promote and maintain your Honour and Dignity.

Their Lordships, not satisfied with assuming this unprecedented Power, liuve endeavoured, with a great deal of Art, to persuade your Majesty of the Necessity of it, to prevent the Designs of ill Princes, and their Favourites: But as it may seem unreasonable, for their Lordships to begin to practise upon a good Prince such Methods, as are pretended only to be needful against an ill one; so it is our humble Opinion, that the Danger might be much' greater, admitting this Precedent. Should the Lords combine to defend one another from Enquiries, and Prosecutions, all parliamentary Impeachments might be eluded, secret Designs carried on, the innocent aspersed, without Reparation, and the guilty acquitted, without Tryal: Nor is that Instance, mentioned by the Lords, an unseasonable Caution; since that Resolution in a neighbouring Kingdom, alluded to by their Lordships was occasioned by the Encroachments of a prevailing Cabal of Lords, who endeavouring to enslave the People, and to betray their King, and their Country, to a foreign Power, obliged the Church and the Commons to unite in the publick Defence.

Your faithful Commons have found themselves so happy under your Majesty's Administration, that they please themselves with more agreeable Prospects; and, renouncing such Examples of unseasonable Jealousies and Fears, most thankfully receive foe Blessings of your Reign; nor could they have made a more grateful Return for your Majesty's generous Protection of their Liberties, than by a suitable Concern for your Prerogative.

If their Lordships had consulted their own Journals, with the same Care, that we always take to be rightly informed, they would hardly have alfirmed, that a direct Appeal to the Throne, without any previous Desire of Conference, had been an unprecedented Practice: Their Books are filled with Variety of Instances to the contrary. But, without examining their Books, it seetns very surprising, that their Lordships could so soon forget their Address, presented to your Majesty the last Session, on behalf of foe Lord Bishop of Worcester, and their Address to the late King, on behalf of William Earl of Edward Earl of Orjord, John Lord Somers and Charles Lord Halifax, impeached by the Commons of high Crimes and Misdemeanors; and when this House formerly expostulated with the House of Lords, for proceeding in the very same Method, of which they now complain, their Lordships made a most solemn Declaration, in these Words:

" That they must ever assert a Liberty in their House, " to apply to the Throne, by themselves, for the doing " any thing warranted by Law, &c."

Nor can the Lords, we presume, upon second Reflection, deny the Commons the same Liberty, which their Lordships themselves have so strongly asserted, and so frequently practised.

Your loyal Commons sincerely concur with their Lordships, in declaring, that we will never contribute, by any Act of ours, to foe Diminution of the Rights of foe Crown; and, that we will not suffer it in others, your Majesty, their Lordships, and the whole World, may judge, from the Example we have now given. If their Lordships do truly wish, the House of Commons may, ill all Times to come, speak, and act, with that Regard, to foe Prerogative, which they allow us the Honour to have now taken up, we shall be very unfortunate, to

continue

2 Ann. i 8° — 190 F 345

continue under their Displeasure at the same time when they seem to hope, that those, who succeed us, will take Pattern by us.

We wish, tljeir Lordships also, on their Wrt, may continue, in all Times to come, to speak with that Regard to parliamentary Impeachments, which they seem so lately to have taken up; since w« have Reason to apprehend, that the Misunderstandings, which have of late Years arisen between the Two Houses, have been principally owing to the Artifices of some particular Persons among themselves, whom the Commons thought it their Duty, for the publick Safety, to bring to Justice: How much more difficult will all such Endeavours be rendered, should their Lordships be once admitted sole Examiners of Accusations against each other, as they are already sole Judges?

We are accused, but most unjustly, of exciting, and earnestly desiring, your Majesty to exert your Prerogative against the House of Lords. We appeal to the Words of our Address, if it is possible, naturally, to impose any such Sense upon any Expression, that is there. We are sorry, their Lordships should descend so low, as to the straining and wresting of Words; by which they rather discover an unfortunate Inclination to make us seem culpable, upon any Terms, than that they, in Truth, believe us so. We know, how vain and how fruitless an Application it would be, to excite your Majesty to any Abuse of your Power, which, we are convinced, you will always exercise for the general Good; and so far are your Commons from entertaining any such Desire, that we heartily wish to see a good Correspondence preserved between the Two Houses; nor would forbear to purchase it at any Rate, except the giving up the Rights of your Majesty, by whom we are protected, and the Liberties and Properties of the People, by whom we are intrusted.

These few Instances, so plain, and so uncontestable, we presume, will be sufficient, without trespassing much longer upon your Majesty's Time, to discredit whatever else has been alleged, to create in your Majesty, and those we represent, an ill Opinion of us. We have been careful and industrious, to avoid, as far as was consistent with our necessary Justification, all Occasion of reviving Animosities; and, how great soever the Provocation has been, your Majesty having declared, how uneasy you are under such Misunderstandings, we shall make no Difficulty to lay aside our Resentments, who shall always be ready to# sacrifice our Lives and Fortunes to yourQuiet and Service: Nor can we doubt, but we must stand fully acquitted to the whole World, and especially to your Majesty, since the Zeal, that we have shewn, and the Reproaches, that we have borne, have been owing to no other Cause, but the Defence of an excellent Queen, in whose Hands God Almighty has placed the executive Authority over these Nations; which Authority it has been the only Endeavour of your faithful Commons to preserve as intire, as our Laws and Constitution allow.

May it please your most sacred Majesty:

It is with the deepest Concern, and a Grief not to be expressed, that your dutiful and loyal Commons have found themselves engaged in Disputes of this Nature, by which they have been so unseasonably interrupted in finishing the Supplies, and other Matters of the highest. Importance: How zealously they have applied themselves to the Discharge of their Duty, appears from their having already presented your Majesty with the greatest Part of their Aids, with a Dispatch, and Unanimity, beyond Example; nor could the few Rills, yet depending, have met the least Obstruction or Delay, but from the indispensable Necessity of vindicating your Majesty's royal.Prerogative, the Privileges of our own House, and the Rights and Liberties of all the Commons of in several Iii-

«tances invaded almost at the same Time. We wish, there may have been more of Mistake, than Design, in those, who have created these unhappy Differences. However, we desire, the Remembrance may be henceforth blotted out; and that there may remain- no other Impression in the Hearts both of Lords and Commons than Vox- 14.

a sincere and passionate Concern fof your Majesty's Welfare and Glory, nor any other Contention ever hereafter arise, but by whom the publick Good shall be best advanced, the Protestant Succession, and the Church of England, best secured, and the just Rights and Preroga1-tives of the Crown best supported.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council, do humbly know her Majesty's Pleasure, when she will be attended by this House.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Exporting whole House, to whom the Bill, to restrain the Ex porta- Bulllon tion of Silver and Gold to the East Indies, was committed, be made upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Supply Bill} whole House, to whom the Rill, for laying a further Tax upon Offices and Pensions, and for charging several Pro- pen ' n" sessions, towards raising of Money for the Service of the

War, and other her Majesty's Occasions,.....be made

upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, in- Packer's tituled, An Act for making Provision for, and settling the Estate. Fortune of Ann Packer in Trustees, for the Purposes therein mentioned, be read a Second time upon this Day Sevennight.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Committees. That all Committees be adjourned;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

} 44.

So it passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till To-morro#

Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 19 die Februarii;

Anno 2° Annte

Prayers.

A BILL, for Sale of the Estate late of John Digby, Digby's I\ Esquire, deceased, in the County of Buckingham, Estate, and dividing the Money between Sir John Conway, Baronet, and RichardMestyn, Esquire, and for settling the Estate of Sir John Comoay,in the County of and

making a Provision for his Son and Daughter, according to an Agreement for that Purpose, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Richard Middleton, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Bulkley, Sir Tho. Hales, Sir Jos. Jekyll, Mr. Pagit, Sir Brian Stapleton, Lord

Sir Math. Dudley, Sir Chr. Hales, Mr. Bulteele, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Bertie, Sir tlobert Eden, Sir,

Mr. Clayton, Sir Fra. Child, Mr. Blofeld, Mr. Dryden,

Mr. Clark, Mr. Lloyd, Sir John Kay; and all, that serve for the Counties of Bucks, Chester, and Salop, and for Wales: And they are are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill, for setting aside of voluntary Settlements, made ITawe' by John Howe, Gentleman, of his Estate in the Counties Estate, of Stafford and Warwick, and settling Part thereof on Trustees, for the Maintenance of his Son John, and Daughter Elizabeth, and raising of a Portion for the said

Daughter and the greatest Part thereof for the said Hazce, for his Life, with Remainder to his said Son in Tail, and settling the Residue thereof, in the County of Stafford, to pay his Debts, was read a Second time.

4 S Resolved,

Lord Dillon's Lstlate.

St. Leger's &c. Nat.

345 190 Februarii. A. 1703.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Eden, Sir IPm.Strickland, Sir Fran. Alassam, Mr. Clayton,

Mr. Pigott, Mr. IFylde, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Clark, Sir

Robert Dovers, Sir Jos. Jekyll, Lord Mr. Pagit,

Mr. Conyers, Sir Tho. Hales, Mr. Guy, Sir Tredenham,

Mr. Gape, Mr. Fagg, Mr. Bright, Mr. Snell, Mr. home, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Dryden, Major Halsey, Mr. Btofeld; and all, that serve for the County of Stafford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Hungerford reported from the Committee, to whom

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Henry Lord Viscount Dillon, in the Kingdom of Ireland, for Payment of his Debts, and for settling an Equivalent in other Part of his Estate on the Viscountess his Wife, for her Jointure, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were twice read, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, and are, as follow; viz.

Press 5. L. 20. After " free" add, " or any other " Estate or Interest."

Line 25. After " made" add Clause A; being a Saving to Jasper Roth, of London, Merchant, of all such Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand, of, in, or to, any of the Premises mentioned in the Act by virtue of a Deed, dated the 2d of May, 1699, with other Securities, for Payment of 1,000l. and Interest, as he had before the Act

The , House proceeded to take into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Henry Boisroid de St. Leger, Peter de la Grange, Lewis and others, was committed.

And the Amendments made by the Committee, were twice read, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, and are, as follow; viz.

Press 3. L. 4. After " Sweedland" insert, " Peter " Combccrozc, Son of Peter Combecroze, by " his Wife, born at St.Jean in the CevennesArthur la " Conte, Son of Arthur la Conte, by Mary his Wife,

" born in the Island of Dolleron, in the Province of Xaintonge, in France; Jacob Son of

‘4‘ Meulh, by Judith his Wife, born in the Duchy of Albret,in the Kingdom of France; Geo. Brown, Son of

" Geo. Brown, by Sarah his Wife, born at Stockholme, in " Sweedland; Anthony Cherumbault, Son of James f‘ rumbault, by Mary his Wife, born in the Kingdom of " France; Stephen Petitit, Son of John Petitit, by " guerite his Wife, born at Paris, in France; Abi'aham " Roussier, Son of James Roussier, by Mary his Wife,

" born at Fillfragnan,in the Province of Poitou, in

" Nicholas le Fontaine, Son of Peter le Fontaine, by " his Wife, born in Normandy, in FrancePeter Foyer " Richausse, Son of Peter de Foyer de Richausse, by Mary

" his Wife, born in the County of Blois, in the Province " of Orleance, in France; John Desminier, Son of Robert " Desminier, by Atm his Wife, born at Montague, in the " Province of Poitou, in FranceJohn Son of

" Abraham Commang, by Ann his Wife, born at Aspe,

" in France; John Raimond, Son of James Raimond, by " Ann his Wife, born in the Province of Poitou, in France

" Anthony Bruce, Son of William Bruce, by Katherine his " Wife, born in the City of in Languedoc:

" Walter Nich. Brassc, Son of Nick. Brasse, by Margaret his Wife, born at Nimegen, in Gelderland; Andrew Jaquet, Son of Peter by Mary his Wife,

" born at Geneva; Daniel Du/tourg, Son of Daniel Dubourg, by Susannah his Wife, born at Peauh de Gonteant, in Guienne, in France; John Painteur, Sonof

" Paul Paint eur, by Ckarlottehis Wife, born in Normandy, in France; John Lapradelle, Son of John Lapradelle, by Mary his Wife, born at La Roche Faucaut, in the Province of Angoumois, in France; Ben. Mesclop " du Roy, Son of John Mesclop du Roy, by Marguerite his

" Wife, born at Berjerac, in Guienne; Peter Gaussen,

" Son of John Gaussen, by Margaret his Wife, born at " Lunet,in the Province of Languedoc,in France;Daniel

" Tirel, Son of Peter Tirel,by Ehis Wife, born at

" Caen, in Normandy,in France; Jacob Crosse, Son of " Jacob Crosse, by Maty his Wife, born at La Cau, in the Province of Languedoc, in France; Peter " Son of Stephen Callie, by Ann his Wife, born in the " Town of Orleance; John Anthony Matteux, Son of " John Matteux, by Judith his Wife, born at Rouen,

" in Normandy."

Press 3d, L. 7th. After " Bawdowi insert, " Peter " Combecroze, Arthur la Conte, Jacob Meulh, Geo.

" Brown, Anth.Cherumbault, Stephen Petitit, Abr.

" Roussier, Nich. le Fontaine, Peter Foyer Richausse,

" John Desminier, John Commang, John Raimond,

" Anthony Bruce, JFalter Nich. Brasse, Andrew " quet, DanielDubourg, John Painteur, John Lapradell, Benjamin Mesclop du Roy, Peter Gaussen,

" Daniel Tirel, Jacob Crosse, Peter Callie, John " Anthony Matteux."

L. 17. After " his" insert " her."

L. 25. After " he" insert " she."

Pr. 5. L. 2. After " Bawdowin" insert " Peter Cotnbecroze, Arthur la Conte, Jacob Geo. Brown,

" Anth. Cherumbault, Stephen Petitit, Abr. Roussier,

" Nich. le Fontaine, Peter Foyer Richausse, John " Desminier, John Commang, John Raimond, Anthony Bruce, Walter Nich. Brasse, Andrew Jaquet,

" Daniel Dubourg, John Painteur, John Lapradell,

" Benjamin Alesclop du Roy, Peter Gaussen, Daniel " Tirel, Jacob Crosse, Peter Callie, John Anthony

" Alatteux."

Ordered, That Mr. George Rodney Bridges have Leave Leave of to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraor- AbseQC -dinary Occasions.

An ingrossed Bill, that the Ships, called the Golden Star Golden Star and Bull, being taken »as Prizes, and condemned, may and Bull have the Freedom of trading as English Ships, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title he,

An Act, that the Ships, called the Golden Star and Bull, being taken as Prizes, and condemned, may have the Freedom of trading as English Ships.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas I Froth have Leave to go Leave of into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Absence. Occasions.

An ingrossed Bill, to discharge the Governor and Com-r Sword-blade pany for making hollow Sword-blades, in England, of the Company s Sum of 18,864/. 7-y. 1 f d. by Mistake overcharged in irish For-° the Purchase-money for several forfeited and other Estates feitures. and Interests in Ireland, purchased by them, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act to discharge the Governor and Company for making hollow Sword-blades, in England, of the Sum of Eighteen thousand Eight hundred Sixty-four Pounds, Seven Shillings, and One Penny Half-penny, by Mistake overcharged in the Purchase-money for several forfeited and other Estates and Interests in Ireland, purchased by them.

Ordered, That Sir Mathew Dudley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ivory' for supplying the Defect of the Execution of a Power in EsUte

Sir John Ivory, Knight, deceased, for making Provision for his younger Children, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Brian Stapleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment

An

Jr fejli

a Ann.

19° — 210 Februarii.

Jartnan'

tit late.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the vesting of Nine Messuages in the Parish of Giles in the Fields, in the County of , being the Estate of

William Jarman, and Mary his Wife, in Trustees, to be

sold, and for settling, in lieu thereof, a Messuage, and certain Lands, in Ivhipsna Tottrenhoe, and in the County of Bedford, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Freeman do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Queen Anne's A Bill, for the making more effectual her Majesty's Bounty of gracious Intentions for the Augmentation of the Mainte-toC ercy1.13 nance of die poor Clergy, by enabling her Majesty to grant, in Perpetuity, the Revenues of the First fruits and Tenths, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Duties on Salt-

A Bill, for better securing and regulating the Duties upon Salt, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next (after the Committee upon the Bill, for the making more effectual her Majesty's gracious Intentions for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the poor Clergy, by enabling her Majesty to grant, in Perpetuity, the Revenues of the First fruits and Tenths) resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for Relief of such Persons, as by Contracts, made before the Duties were laid upon Salt, are to pay Rents in Sait.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction also to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to continue the Commissions and Deputations to the inferior Officers of Excise, and Salt Duties, notwithstanding the Demise of his late Majesty.

Scotch Mr. Secretary Hedges acquainted the House, that her

Conspiracy, Majesty had commanded him to lay before the House, a Copy of Mr. Keith's Narrative; and also a Copy of a Letter, directed to Mr. Smith; which contain the Particulars, her Majesty thought fit for some Time to reserve; And he delivered them in at the Clerk's Table where the same were read.

Mr. Speaker The Speaker acquainted the House, that he had re-eommuni- ceived another Letter from Mr. the Author of

cates Con- jj)e Observator; and mentioned the Contents thereof to Letter. the House, and delivered the Letter to the Clerk.

Publick The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a

Accounts. Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Dolben took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Dolben reported from the said Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon 'Thursday Morning next.

Resolved, That the Number of the Commissioners in the said Bill be Seven.

Resolved, That no Person be a Commissioner, who hath any Office of Profit, or is accountable to her Majesty.

Resolved, That the Commissioners may be Members of this House.

Ordered, That the Commissioners be chosen by

Balloting.

Vol. 14.

347

Ordered, That the Members do, upon Thursday Morning next, prepare Lists, to be put into Glasses, of Seveii Persons Names, to be Commissioners in the said Bill.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Licentious-Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, to restrain " 8 lhe the Licentiousness of the Press. reM'

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Dolben took the Chair of the Committee;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Dolben reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Petitions, relating to the Duties upon Duties on Logwood, be taken into Consideration upon this Day Logwood. Sevennight.

Ordered, That the Report from the Commissioners, Army Debts appointed to take, examine, and determine, the Debts, due to the Army, and for Transport Service, and also ah Account of the Prizes, taken during the War, be taken into Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning,

Nine a Clock

Luna, 21 die;

' Ann® Regime.

Anno 2'

Praters.

ORDERED, That the ingrossed Bill, from the Manning tbs Lords, intituled, An Act for the more regular and Navy, speedy manning the royal Navy, and Increase of Seamen, be read upon Wednesday Morning next.

Mr. Bromley reported from the Committee, to whom Christ the Bill, for vesting in Sir Robert Atkins, Knight of the Church honourable Order of the Bath, late Lord Chief Baron of C£ te her Majesty's Court of Exchequer, the Vicarage of Lower Sxvell, in the County of Gloucester, in Exchange with the Dean and Chapter of Christ Church, in Oxon, for the perpetual domination of a Preacher or Curate within the Parish Church of Waltham Holy Crosse, in the County of Essex, and for a Messuage or Tenement, and other Things in Waltham Holy Crosse, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once reud throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of Sir Thomas Smith, Baronet, was presented Lister's to the House, and read; setting forth, that there is a Bill bsute. depending in the House, to enable Trustees to sell such Part of the Estate of Richard Lister, Esquire, and Frances Fate Lister, his Wife, sole Daughter and Heir1 of Sir -Thomas Smith, Baronet, deceased, in the county of,

as remains unsold, in order to raise Money, for the Payment of the Debts of the said Sir Thomas Smith, and for Portions for younger Children of the said Frances Pate Lister, and for applying the Overplus in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses, and likewise for confirming such Leases, and Sales, as have been made towards Discharge of the said Debts; which Bill tends to the Disinherison of the Petitioner, and to his Prejudice in other Particulars, for which the Petitioner hath preferred his Bill in Chancery, to recover his Right, the said Estate being entailed upon him, and his Issue Male: And

praying,

348

praying, that lie may be heard by his Counsel against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard by his Counsel thereupon, if he think fit, before the Committee.

torr'sEstate. An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of James Torr, Gentleman, deceased, for Payment of his Debts, and for settling the other Part thereof to the Uses therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Kay, Earl of Dysert, Sir Fra. Child, Mr. Clark, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Brian Stapleton, Sir John Packington, Mr. Pitfeild, Mr. Pudsey Mr. Bulkley, Mr. Colchester,

Mr. Yates, Mr. Ashton, Mr. Johnson; and all, that serve for the County of York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Gresham's An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Bequest . the better enabling the Mayor, and Commonalty, and Citizens, of the City of London, and the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of the Mercers of the said City, to pay the Charity given by the last Will and Testament of Sir 77/o. Gresham, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Francis Child, Mr. Bridgman, Sir Jos. Jekyll, Mr. Mr.

Annesley, Mr. Pitfeild, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Yates, SirC//r.

Musgrave, Mr. Mountague, Mr. St. John, Mr. Gulston, Mr. Harley, Sir Wm. Pritchard, Sir Jeffry Jeffries, Sir Gilbert Heathcot, Mr. Clark, Sir John Fleet, Mr. Hayes, Colonel Perry, Mr. Dolben, Sir John Kay: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, that the Lecturers, provided fof by the Bill, be Graduates in one of the Universities.

Christ A Petition of Samuel Jones, Esquire, and other Persons,

Church on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants

Ecclesias- within the Parish of Waltham Holy Crosse, in the County

tical Estate. of Essex,was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that a Bill is brought into the House, for vesting in Sir Robert Atkins, Knight of the Bath, the Vicarage of Lower Swell, in the County of Gloucester, in Exchange with the Dean and Chapter of Church, in for the perpetual Nomination of a Preacher or Curate within the Parish Church of Waltham Holy Crosse, in the County of Essex, and for a Messuage or Tenement, and other Things, in Waltham Holy; which Bill the Peti-

tioners conceive to be prejudicial to them, for that Edward Denny, Earl of Norwich, by his last Will, dated in August, 1636, did bequeath the Manor and Lordship of . Waltham Holy Crosse (he being seised thereof) to divers Trustees, and particularly a Rent-charge of too/, per Annum, payable out of Cleverhambury Farm, and a Messuage, then in the Tenure of John Clerk, and also Ten

Loads of Pollard Wood for Firing, yearly, off the Waste of the said Manor, for the Maintenance of a Preacher, to preach the Word of God sincerely within the said Church . of Waltham, to continue for ever, the said Preacher to be chosen by his Trustees; and devised, that if his Heir should desire to have the said House, he might, provided he appoint another convenient Habitation for the Parson; and that, when any Three of the Trustees should die, the Survivors shall elect Three others, to be equally concerned in the said Trust with the Survivors, so that there shall be always Three, at the least, to manage the said Trust: That the Petitioner Jones has purchased the said Manor under the Title of the said Earl, and the other Petitioners are interested in the said Charities; and Mr. Joseph Darby, the present, and other Incumbents, have been admitted by the Trustees into the said Curacy, upon the Recommendation of the Parishioners; and the said Sir Robert Atkins is no otherwise entitled to the Premises,

A. 1703.

than as he happens to be the surviving Trustee: And praying, that Sir Robert Atkins may not be admitted to make any private Advantage to himself of the said Trust, but that the same may be executed in such Manner, as the said Will directs.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read the Third time.

Sir Mathew Dudley reported from the Committee, to Adam' whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate for Sale of certain Lands in Chancein the County of Northampton, of William Adams, Clerk, for Payment of Debts, and Portions to his younger Brothers and Sisters, and for settling other Lands, of greater Value, upon his Wife and Children, in lieu thereof, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, and are, as follow; viz.

Press 4th, Line 14th. After " younger" insert, "on " the Body of the said Alary to be begotten."

Press 7th, Line 14. After "may" insert, " during her " natural Life."

Press the 8th, Line the 29th. After the Word "may," insert the Words, " during her natural Life;" and then leave out the Words, " in the first Place."

An ingrossed Bill, to vest the Manor of Hanslop and Tyrriir Castlcthrop, and all oilier the Lands and Hereditaments of Estate. SirPe/er Tyrrill, Baronet, and Thomas Tyrrill, Esquire, his Son, in the County of Bucks, in Trustees, to sell Part thereof, for Payment of Debts, and to settle other Lands and Hereditaments there, being of equal Value, in lieu of the Lands to be sold, was read the Third Time.

Resohed, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be.

An Act to vest the Manor of Hanslop and Castlethropp, and all other the Lands and Hereditaments of Sir Peter Tyrrill, Baronet, and Thomas Tyrrill, Esquire, his Son, in the County of Bucks, in Trustees, to sell Part thereof, for Payment of Debts, and to settle other Lands and Hereditaments there, being of an equal Value, in lieu of the Lands to be sold.

Ordered, That Mr. Dormer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Petition of Richard Finch, Thomas Finch, and An- Bramber thony Refford, Burgesses of the Borough of Bramber, in Election, the County of Sussex,was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Rights of the said Borough have been greatly violated of late Years, in their Election of Members to serve in Parliament, and particularly by Samuel Sambrook, Esquire, Mr. Owen, and his Son, and their Agents, who, by Bribery, and other indirect Practices, did procure the said Mr. Sambrook to be returned a Member, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, although he was not duly chosen: And praying, that they may be permitted to prove the said Matters, in order to prevent the like Practices for the future, and for their present Redress therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That the Matter upon the said Petition be heard by the said Committee at the same time, when they do hear the Matter of the Petition of the Lord Viscount Windsor.

Mr. Scobell, from the Commissioners, appointed for Earl of taking, examining, and stating, the-publick Accounts of Kanelagh the Kingdom, presented to the House their Reply to the Acc( uuts' J3 Answer

21° Februtiriu

Encouraging

Manufac-

tures.

Queen appoints to be attended.

Answer to Address.

Resumption of Grunts.

Privilege of pu lick Officers.

Exporting

Bullion.

St, Le gei's, &c. Nat.

i Ann.

21 — 22 ' Februarii.

349

Answer of the Earl of Ranelagh to that Part of their Re port, relating to his Lordship's Accounts.

And the Title thereof was read:

And the Reply is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the same be taken into Consideration upon Friday Morning next

The House (according to Order) resumed the adjourned Debate, touching the Commitment of the Bill for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of England, and setting the Poor at Work.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

},3o.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to & Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Secretary Hedges acquainted the House, that her Majesty having been (according to Order) waited upon, to know, when she would be attended by this House, her Majesty has been pleased to appoint this Afternoon, at Four a Clock, at St. James's.

Mr. Secretary Hedges also acquainted the House, that their Address having been presented to her Majesty, that she would please to issue her royal Proclamation, for the apprehending of John Tutchin Author of the Observator, John How, of Talbot Court in Grace-church Street, the Printer, and Benjamin Bragg, the Publisher; her Majesty has been pleased to give the necessary Directions for the said Proclamation.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill,' for resuming several Grants, made by the late King James, and by their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary (of glorious

Memory) or by the said late King William, was committed, be made upon this Day Sevennight.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for the further Explanation and Regulation of Privilege, in relation to Persons in publick Offices.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, to restrain the Exportation of Silver and Gold to the East Indies, was committed, be made upon Friday Morning next

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 22® die Februarii t Anno 2® Ann® Regina.

Prayeus.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Henry Boisrond de St. Leger, Peter de la Grainge, Lewis JFadden, and others, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That foe Bill, with the Amendments, do pass. Ordered, That Mr. Hele do carry the Bill to the Lords and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, with some Amendments; to which they desire Uicir Lordships Concurrence.

Vol. 14.

A Petition of Frances Countess of Salisbury, and her Resumption Son, James Earl of Salisbury, under Age, was presented Gnua to the House, and read; setting forth, that a Fee-farm Rent, of 661. 13 s.4 d.being heretofore reserved to the Crown, out of the Great and Little Park of Briggstock, in Northamptonshire, the same were, 9® Jacobi primi, granted to the said Earl's Ancestor, whereby the said Fee-farm Rent was (as apprehended) either granted, or extinguished, the Rent being never afterwards paid, or put in Charge; but the late King William, in the 7th'

Year of his Iteign, granted the same, and all Arrears, to the Earl of Bradford, for 916/. 13 a. 4 and thereupon Process issued out of the Exchequer, and, for Quietness sake, the Petitioner purchased the Earl of Interest for 2,000l. for the Benefit of her said Son; and afterwards, by Order from the Treasury, the surviving Trustees, for Sale of Fee-farm Rents, also conveyed the said Premises to the Petitioner, for further Assurance: And praying, that a Clause may be inserted in the Bill, depending in the House, for resuming several Grants, made by their late Majesties King William and Queen Alary (of glorious Memory) or by the said late King William, for saving the Petitioners Right to the said Fee-farm Rent, and Arrears.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be made from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill was committed.

Mr. Paget reported from the Committee, to whom AstUy's the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Sir John Astley, Baronet, to make a Jointure, upon his Marriage, during his Minority, and to enable him to buy any Rent-charge, or other Incumbrance, upon his Estate, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned bad given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the

Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House:

Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, and are, as follow;

Press 2. L. 37. Leave out " Olds tone," and insert'

" Odstone."

Press 4. L. 37. The same Amendment.

A Petition of Richard Uthwait, and Tho. Moor, was Army Debts, presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there is due to the Petitioners for their Pay, as Commissaries of the Musters in Flanders, during the late War, these several Sums; viz. to Uthwait 1,218/. and to Moor 457 /. in order to the Payment whereof, this House did, upon the said Petitioners Application, order, on the 20th of April, 1699, that they should be paid as far as the General Officers; but the Commissioners of Accounts for ' the Army object, that they cannot (without a Clause in an Act of Parliament) state the Petitioners Arrears, because they are not upon the Establishment: And praying, that the House will direct the Payment of the Petitioners Arrears.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition he referred to the Commissioners, appointed to take, examine, and determine, the Debts due to the Army, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes, taken during the late War; and that they do examine the same, and state the Matter of Fact to this House.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) presented to the Supply Bill; House a Bill for granting to her Majesty an additional Duty or Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, for Three Years; and for laying a further Duty upon French Wines, condemned as lawful Prize; and for ascertaining the Values of unrated Goods, imported from the East Indies: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the BilLbe read a Second time.

4 T Aa

3T5'0 126Fehruarii. 1703.

Rowdier' An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act E»tat«. for the vesting the Manor of in the County of Radnor, and other I>ands in the County of Salop, of Mary Bawdier, and William , Gentle

man, in certain Trustees, for the Payment of the Debts, and making Provision for the younger Children, of the said William Bawdier, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John Williams do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Army Debts. ' The House being informed, that Mr. Atkins and Mr.

Farrer, Two of the Commissioners, appointed to take, examine, and determine, the Debts, due to the Army, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes, taken during the late War, attended, they were called in, and, at the Bar, presented their Returns to the References, made to them by this House, upon the Petitions of the Officers and Soldiers of the Four Companies at New York; and of the Officers of the English and Dutch Train of Artillery; and of Francis Robinson, Esquire, Provost-marshal-general of her Majesty's Forces. And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Returns w»ere read.

And the Returns are, as follow; vis.

I. IN Obedience to an Order of Reference from this honourable House, bearing Date the 2d Instant, upon _ the Petition of the Officers, Soldiers, Clothiers, and Victuallers, of the Four Companies at Nczv York, we humbly report, as follows:

That, in order to the better enabling us to state the Matter of Fact of the Petition, as directed by the said Order, we sent a Precept to the Commissary-general of the Musters, for an Abstract of the Respites, charged on the said Companies within the Time of the Arrear demanded; and received an Account, that there were no Rolls in that Office, relating to those Companies, no Musters being taken by any Officer deputed by him, having no Allowance by the Establishment for that Purpose.

At the same time we sent another to the Earl of lagh, late Paymaster of the Army, for an Account of what has been paid to the said Companies since their last Clearing, and what remained due on the 25th of March, 1699; from whom we received an Account of the Payments -, but having only the Rolls of §ix Musters in his Office, since the First of January, 1691, the Time of their last Clearing, he was not enabled to make a perfect Computation of their Pay; and that, according to the Establishment, and the said Musters, if that Manner of computing shall be allowed, there appears to be due to the said Companies the Sum of 13,264/. 3s. 3d.

But we think it fit for us to observe, that a Surplusage of 30/. per Cent, out of the said Establishment, arising by the Difference of the Value of Money in that Province, hath been directed, by Warrants to the Governor, to be applied to the Pay of a Chaplain, and several Persons, thereby added, and the Overplus to the Contingent Use of the said Companies, and the Fortifications of the Province, an Account whereof was to be given to the Committee of Trade and Plantations, and the Lords of the Treasury; whereby, out of the Balance aforesaid, there is to be deducted, for the Uses mentioned in the said Warrants, the Sum of - - £. 3,060 19 2

And then the Proportion of the said Sum of 13,264/. 3 s. 3</. re- maining due to the Officers and) 10,203 4 1

Soldiers of the said Companies,]

-Will be - - r -

13 264 3 3

Which we humbly submit.

SAtkins, Farrer, TLister, Geo. Langton. II.

II. IN Obedience to an Order of Reference from this honourable House, dated the 5U1 Instant, upon the

Petition of several Officers and Attendants on the English and Dutch Trains of Artillery, employed in the Reduction of Ireland, we humbly report, That, according to the Account, brought to us, of the said Trains, there appears some Arrears due to most of the Persons named in the said Petition.

That they made no Application to us, within the Time limited by the Act for issuing forth Certificates.

That, upon our Examination, it hath appeared, some of them were then in Ireland, some in remote Parts, beyond Sea, and others in England-, who allege, they heard nothing of the Act for their Relief.

All which is humbly submitted.

S. Atkins, Geo. Langton.

Tho. Lister, Wm. Farrer.

III. IN Obedience to an Order of Reference from this honourable House, bearing Date the 14th Instant, upon the Petition of Francis Robinson, Esquire, Provost-marshal-general of her Majesty's Forces, we humbly report, as follows:

That we find Two Warrants, signed by his late Majesty, directing the Payment of 5,379 Gilders, 8 Stivers, unto Captain Francis Robinson, as Provost-marshal-ge-neral of the Forces; whereof 2,633 Gilders, 19 Stivers, are said to be for so much expended by him in subsisting the Prisoners of War, committed to his Charge in the Campaigns of 1695, 1696, and 1697; and the other Sum of 2,945 Gilders, 9 ‘Stivers, is for his extraordinary Disbursements, during that Time, in the said Service.

That the Petitioner did apply himself to us, as he alleges, and was informed, that, the Warrants being directed to be paid out of the Monies applicable for the contingent Uses of the Army, we did not conceive ourselves impowered to certify the said Debt

Which we humbly submit.

S. Atkins, Wm. Farrer,

Tho. Lister, Geo. Langton.

Ordered, That the said Returns do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lord Dillon' for Sale of Part of the Estate of Henry Lord \;iscount Estate. Dillon, in the Kingdom of Ireland, for Payment of his Debts, and for settling an Equivalent in other Part of his Estate on the Viscountess his Wife, for her Jointure, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That t.he Bill, with the Amendments, do.pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Brewer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, with some Amendments; to which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Ilolford, and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act narc's, &c. for naturalizing Rene Ranc, Mathew Decker, and others, Nat-without any Amendment:

And also to a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the i cgb'# Estate of Thomas Legh, late of Ridge, in the County of Estate. Chester, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, for the Payment of his Debts, perfecting his Purchases, and better effecting the Purposes in his Will, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of several Proprietors of the Benefit Malt Interest on Lottery Tickets, in behalf of themselves, and others,

Proprietors thereof, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that this House hath made Provision to allow an additional Interest on the Blank Tickets, from the 25th of March, 1699; but the Benefit Tickets carry no Interest, whereby they are at above 301, per Cent Discount: That the total Benefit Tickets amounted to 48,800l. of which 30,235/. was paid off withifi the'l ime -limited by Parliament, and there still remains only unpaid thereof 18,565/. That- it is almost Five Years, since they became, deficient, and almost Three, belorc they

wiil

Answer to Address.

Mr Speaker communicates Contents of a Letter.

Poor Laws.

CL Ann. 22" — 230 Februarii.

351

"Hill come in Course of Payment, and near Seven, before many of them will be paid off: That the Petitioners are informed, there has lain dead in the Exchequer a Sum, wluch arose by the former Duties on Malt, applicable for the Payment of the Malt Tickets, which will be sufficient to pay a like Interest on the Benefit, as bn the Blank, Tickets: And praying, that their Hardships, in relation to the Interest for their Money in Arrear upon the said Benefit Tickets, may be taken into Consideration, and the Petioners relieved for the same.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee; and that they do examine the same, and report the Matter of Fact to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Mathew Dudley, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Lmondcs, Mr. Take, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Clark, Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Mr.

Dolben, Mr. Be re, Sir Walter Mr. Dryden, Mr.

Gulston, Sir Robert Davers: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Speaker reported, that he, with the House, did Yesterday present their humble Address to her Majesty; land that her Majesty did thereupon give the gracious Answer following:

Gentlemen,

I Return you many Thanks for the great Concern, which you express far me and my just Rights.

Your Dispatch of the Supplies is a great Advantage to the publick Service.

And I am very well pleased with the Assurances you give me of your Care, to avoid any Occasion of Difference between the two Houses, especially at this Time, when there is so apparent a Necessity of strengthening ourselves against the malicious Designs of our Enemies.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, that he had received another Letter from Mr. Tut chin, the Author of the Observator; the Contents whereof he mentioned to the House, and delivered the Letter to the Clerk.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for the better Relief, Employment, and Settlement, of the Poor;

A Petition of the Churchwardens, and Overseers, of the Poor, and several ancient Inhabitants, of the Parishes of Ft. Bridget, diets Bride, St Sepulchre's, and St. Martins, Ludgate,in the Ward of Faringdon without, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Fleet Prison is situated in St. Bride's Parish, and the Rules of the said Prison extend to all the said Three Parishes; so that many insolvent Debtors, whose Settlements are in other Parishes, turn themselves over to the said Prison, and after take Flouses in the said Rules, where they, and their Families, live, and shelter themselves; by means whereof the Petitioners respective Parishes, become often chargeable with the Relief of the Wife and Children of such Prisoners: And praying, that some Provision may be made, to prevent the said Parishes from being burdened with the Wife and Children of such Prisoners.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House (according to Order) resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Humphry Maclcworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Humphry Mackworih reported from the said Committee, that they had made some Progress in the Bill, and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven, night, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Blouse, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock

Vol. 14.

Mercurii, 23° die Februarii;

Anno 2° Anna; Regina:.

Prayers.

f)RDERED, That the Committee, to whom the Digby's Bill, for Sale of the Estate late of John Digby, Estate Esquire, deceased, in the County of Buckingham, and dividing the Money between Sir John Conway, Baronet, and Richard Mostyn, Esquire, and for settling the Estate of Sir John Conway, in the County of Flint, and making a Provision for his Son and Daughter, according to an Agreement for that Purpose is committed, have Leave to sit Tomorrow Morning, instead of Saturday next, which the Committee have appointed.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Astley's to enable Sir John Astley, Baronet, to make a Jbinture, Estate, upon his Marriage, during his Minority, and to enable him to buy any. Rent-charge, or other Incumbrance, upon his Estate, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Paget do carry the Bill to the IxjitIs, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, with sortie Amendments; to which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled,'An Act Adam's for Sale of certain Lands in Charwelton, in the County Estate, of Northampton, of William Adan\s, Clerk, for Payment of Debts, and Portions to his younger Brothers and Sisters, and for settling other Lands, of greater Value, upon his Wife and Children, in lieu thereof, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Mathew Dudley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, with some Amendments; to which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Reports from the Trustees, for Sale Irish of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, be taken into Const- Forfeitures, deration upon Saturday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

A Bill, for granting to her Majesty an additional Sub- Supply Bill; sidy of Tonnage and Poundage, for Three Years, and L)uty£n for laying a further Duty upon French Wines, condemned as lawful Prize, and for ascertaining the Values of unrated Goods, imported from the East Indies, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House, to a Committee of the whole. House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill, for raising the Militia for the Year 1704, not- Raising the withstanding the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privilege. Privileges, touching the Complaint Of the Breach of Privilege against the Lord William Pbe made upon Saturday Morning next.

A Bill, for Discharge of such insolvent Debtors, as insolvent shall serve in her Majesty's Elect, or Army, was read a Debtors. Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Hustler, Sir Robert Eden, Sir Math. Dudhy, Mr. Bingham, Mr.- Hunger/ord, Mr. Gape, Mr. Pudsey, Mr.

Clayton, Sir John Kay, Mr. Johnson, Colonel Colchester,

Mr.

35 2 3° — 24° F . 1703.

0

Mr. Tredenham, Mr. Sir Dudley Cullum, Mr.

Yates, Mr. CartwrightMr. How, Mr. Mr. Bto~ j'eild, Mr. Sainbrook, Mr. Mr. , Mr.

Stevens, Colonel Stringer, Mr. J ' Colonel

Mr. Ogle>, Sir Fra. Mas Mr. Pigott, Colonel Perry: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

High Price A Petition of several Inhabitants of London, and Parts of bait. adjacent, great Consumers of Salt, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that Salt of late Years has frequently advanced to excessive Prices in and about London, and this "Winter has been sold at 3 per Pound Weight, and < been so scarce, that the Petitioners have been prevented

from killing Hogs, for Bacon; which has beeh a great Prejudice to the Petitioners, and a Grievance to the poorer Sort of People, who mostly feed on salted Provisions; which Hardship, the Petitioners conceive, proceeds from the Discouragement, Traders in Salt have had, from laying up such Stores, as they used to do, for keeping Salt at moderate Rates: And praying, that the Occasion of the extraordinary Dearness of Salt may be enquired into, and that the like Inconveniencies may be prevented for the future.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for the better securing and regulating the Duties upon Salt, is committed.

Scotch Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn

Contpiracy. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Papers, communicated by her Majesty to this House, relating to the treasonable Correspondence carried on with St. Germans, and the Court of France.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford, and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

Holden's The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Estate. Act for Sale of some Part of the Estate of John Holden,

Gentleman, and Robert Holden, his Son, for Payment

of their Debts, and disposing younger Children Apprentices, wijth an Amendment; to which they desire the Concurrent of this House:

Lord Dillon's Also, the Lords have agreed to the Amendments made Estate. by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Henry Lord Viscount Dillon, in the Kingdom of Ireland, for Payment of his Debts, and for settling an Equivalent in other Part of his Estate on the Viscountess his Wife, for her Jointure:

York Citizens Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Disposition An Act to repeal a Proviso in an Act of the 4th Year of by Will. the Reign of King William and Queen which

prevents the Citizens of the City of York from disposing of their personal Estates by their Wills, as others, inhabiting within the Province of York, by that Act may do, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Promissory Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Mom-Notes. jog next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for giving like Remedy upon Notes, promising the Payment of Money, as is now upon Bills of Exchange.

Punishin" Resolved, That this House will (after the Committee Mutiny and of the whole House, upon die Bill, for raising Recruits Desertion, for the Land Forces, and for dispensing with Part of the Act for the Encouragement and Increase of Shipping and Navigation, during the present War) resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for punishing Officers, and Soldiers, who shall mutiny, or desert her Majesty's Service, in England or Ireland, and for punishing false Musters, and for better Payment of Quarters in England, for the Year 1704.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Supply Bill;

whole House, to whom the Bill, for laying a further 'la on

Tax upon Offices and Pensions, and for charging several pe ^ uasnd

Professions, towards raising of Money for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions,.....be

made Tomorrow Morning.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Recruiting Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for raising Uie orce -Recruits for the Land Forces, and for dispensing with Part of the Act for the Encouragement and Increase of Shipping and Navigation, during the present War.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they . had made some Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

1

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Mom- Punishing fog next, (after they have been in a Committee, upon Mutiny and the Bill, for raising Recruits for the Land Forces, and IJeserU011 for dispensing with ‘ Part of the Act for the Encouragement and Increase of Shipping and Navigation, during the present War) resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for punishing Officers, and Soldiers, who shall mutiny, or desert her Majesty's Service, in England or Ireland, and for punishing false Masters, and for better Payment of Quarters in England, for the Year 1704.

Ordered, That the fogrossed Bill from the Lords, in- Manning the tituled, An Act for the more regular and speedy manning Navy, the royal Navy, and Increase of Seamen, be read upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That Sir Gilbert Heathcot, Sir John Kay, Interest 00 Mr. Monson, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Soames, Mr. Blojeld, Mr. f-'°L ry

Jenkins, Mr. Wentworth, Mr. fPicker, Lord lc eU"

Mr. Harley, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Proprietors of the Benefit Malt Lottery Tickets is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 24 die Februarii',

Anno 2 Annas Regina.

Praters.

THE House proceeded to take into Consideration Holden' the Amendment, made by the Lords to the Bill, Estate, intituled, An Act for Sale of some Part of the Estate of John Holden, Gentleman, and Robert Holden, his Son, for Payment of their Debts, and disposing younger Children Apprentices.

And the same was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, and is, as followed!; viz.

Press 8. L. 31. After " Payments" insert, " together " with all such Interest, as shall be then due to the Persons above-named, upon their respective Securities."

Ordered, That Mr. Harpur do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendment.

Ordered, That Mr. Toke, Mr. Cox, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Insolvent-Hungerford, Mr. Manley, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Harpur, Mr. btor -Jenkins, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill, to discharge such insolvent Debtors, as shall serve in her Majesty's Fleet, or Army, is committed.

A Bill, for the Ease of Sheriffs, in the Execution of their Office, and passing their Accounts, was read a s‘cn ' Second time.

Refojvfd,

Supply Bill; 'lax nn OOires and Pensions.

Povey's

Accounts.

Increase of Seamen.

Adams9

Estate.

St. Leger's, dec. Nat.

Sword-blade Company's Purchase of Irish For- — feilures.

Keyte's

Estate.

Supply Bill; Annuities

Bukerstaffi s

Estate.

2 An n. 24° Fehruarit. 353

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bulkier/, Also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Barbier'e, be. Sir Cha.Hot ham, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Fagg, Mr. Dolben, to naturalize Daniel John Kerron Chesne, and Nat.

Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Stonehouse, Sir Cha. Windham, Sir others; to which they desire the Concurrence of this Rich. Onslow, Mr. Meyrick, Sir Godfrey Copley, Mr. House:

Goring, Mr. Woollastonf Mr. Halsey, Sir Walter Yong, Also, the Lords have agreed to the Amendments, Astley's

Mr. Conyers, Mr. Boscawen, Mr. Toke, Mr. Morgan, made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to en- Estate.

Mr. Jolliffe, Mr. Jessop, Mr. Will,ins, Mr. Musgrave, able Sir John Astley, Baronet, to make a Jointure upon Mr. Coke, Mr. How, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Clark, Mr. Ver- his Marriage, during his Minority, and to enable him to tiey, Mr. Coke, Mr. Topham, Mr. Harley, Sir Fra. Mas- buy any Rent-charge, or other Incumbrance, upon his sam: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Estate.

Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. And then the Messengers, withdrew.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for laying a further Tax The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Bickerstaffe' upon Offices and Pensions, and for charging several Pro- Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, EstaW sessions, towards raising of Money for the Service of the An Act for vesting several Estates of Sir Charles War, and other her Majesty's Occasions, was committed, BickerstaffKnight, in Trustees, to be sold, for Pay-the Amendments, the Committee had made to the Bill, me«t of Debts, and making Provision for his Wife and which they had directed him to report to the House; Daughter.

which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and And the sae were once read throughout, and then a afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the Second time one by one, and, upon the Question seve-same were read. rally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, and are.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said follow;

Report be adjourned till One a Clock. Press L. 31. After shall" leave out " with all

" convenient Speed from time to time," and insert, in-The House being acquainted, that Mr. Pocey, the stead thereof, " within Six Months from Lady-day,

Receiver to the late Commissioners for Sick and Wounded which shall be in the Year ot our Lord One thousand Seamen, and Exchange of Prisoners of War, attended, " Seven hundred and Four." he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House L. 38. After the Word " be' insert, "the

his Answer to the Observations of the Commissioners for " best Bidder or Bidders for." taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts. L. 39. Leave oat " willing to purchase."

And then he withdrew. Ordered, That Colonel Lee do carry the Bill to the

And the Title of the said Answer was read. Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed

The Answer is bound up with the other Papers of this to the said Amendments.

Session.

Ordered, That a Copy of the said Answer be delivered to the said Commissioners.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford, and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Increase of Seamen, and better Encouragement of Navigation, and Security of the Coal Trade, without any Amendment:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House to a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of certain Lands in Charwelton, in the County of Northampton, of William Adams, Clerk, for Payment of Debts, and of Portions to his younger Brothers and Sisters, and for settling other Lands, of greater Value, upon his Wife and Children, in lieu thereof:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House to a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Henry Boisrond de St. Leger, Peter de la Grange, Lewis IVadden, and others:

Also, the Lords have agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Act to discharge the Governor and Company for making hollow Sword-blades, in England, of the Sum of 18,864/. 7 s. 1 \d. by Mistake overcharged in the Purchase-money of several forfeited and other Estates and Interests in Ireland, purchased by them, without any Amendment: And also to a Bill, intituled, An Act for settling the Manor of Creech, in the County of Somerset, in Trustees, to enable them to renew Leases, for the Maintenance of the younger Sons of William Keyte, Esquire, deceased, during their Minority, without any Amendment:

And also to a Bill, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty, for carrying on the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions, by selling Annuities at several Rates, and for such respective Terms, or Estates as are therein mentioned, without any Amendment:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting several Estates of Sir Charles Bickerstaffe, Knight, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of Debts, and making Provision for his Wife and Daughter, with some Amendments; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

V o l. 14.

Sir Thomas Hanmer reported from the Committee, to r)ig),y s whom the Bill, for Sale of the Estate late of John Dighy, Estate. Esquire, deceased, in the County of Buckingham, and dividing the Money between Sir John Baronet,

and Richard Mostyn, Esquire, and for settling the Estate of Sir John Conway, in the County of and making a Provision for his Son and Daughter, according to an Agreement for that Purpose, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had

g'ven their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the ommittee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the BUI, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, H'gh Priest of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, of Sa t was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that Salt is very often raised to extraordinary Rates in and about London, being at this Time sold at Ten Shillings per Bushel, and hath been this Winter at much higher Prices: That the Dearness and Scarcity of Salt is a great Obstruction to Trade, and a heavy Burthen to the People, especially the Poor: And praying, that the Causes of such Scarcity may be considered, and such Remedy provided by the Bill, depending in the House, for the better securing and regulating the Duties uptrn Salt, as shall seem most proper to lower the Price of Salt

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her The Chap- Majesty, that she wilt be graciously pleased to bestow lain, some Dignity in the Church upon Mr. Stratford, Bachelor in Divinity, Chaplain to this House.

4 U

Poor Law *

Chtfsfc Church Ecclesiastical Estate.

Proceedings of Lords on Scotch Conspiracy.

£)uties on Salt.

Royal Assent to Bills.

354 24 Februarii A. 1763.

Ordered \That the said Address be presented to her Majesty l>y such Members of this House, as are of her Majesty's most honourable Pry Council.

Ordered, That the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for the better Relief, Employment, and Settlement, of the Poor, was committed, be discharged from proceeding further upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill be committed to a private Committee.

And it is referred to . # *

Ordered, That the Reason for referring the said Bill to a private Committee be entered in the Journal; which was, For that it was declared, that it was not intended, the Bill should pass the House from a private Committee; but that they should only prepare the same for the Consideration of the House the next Session of Parliament

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, for vesting in Sir Robert Atkins, Knight of the honourable Order of the Bath, late Lord Chief Baron of her Majesty's Court of Exchequer, the Vicarage of Lower Swell, in the County Of Gloucester, in Exchange with the Dean and Chapter of Christ Church, in Oxon, for the perpetual Nomination of a Preacher or Curate within the Parish Church of Waltham Holy Crosse, in the County of Essex, and for 'a Messuage or Tenement and other Things, in Waltham Holy Crosse, be read the Third time upon this Day Seven-night.

Ordered, That Mr. Jones, and the other Petitioners against the said Bill, be heard by their Counsel at the Bar oi this House, upon the Third reading the said Bill.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Atkins, and the other Trustees under the Will of the late Earl of Nonvich, and the Dean and Chapter of Christ , be then heard

also by their Counsel, if they think fit

Ordered, That the Deed of Trust, lately made by the said Sir Robert Atkins, be produced to this House, upon the said Hearing.

Ordered, That some Members be appointed to search the Journals of the House of Lords, what Proceedings have been, since the last Report to this House, upon the Papers, communicated to the Lords by her Majesty, relating to the Conspiracy.

And it is referred to Sir William Whitlock, Sir Hump. Mackworth, Sir Roger Mostyn, Colonel Grahme, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Bromley.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the City of London, and Parts adjacent, being great Consumers of Salt, on behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that Salt.frequently advances to excessive Prices in and about London, and this Winter was sold at 3 d. per Pound; which has been a great Grievance to the Poor, who mostly feed on salted Provisions, and is occasioned, as conceived, by a Mismanagement of the present Laws, for the Salt Duties, which hindered the Traders in Salt from laying up such Stores, as they used to do: And praying, that such Methods may be taken by the Bill, depending in the House, for the better securing and regulating the Duties upon Salt, as may moderate the Price of Salt for the future.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Message from her Majesty, by Mr. Ashton, Deputy Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Queen commands this honourable House to attend her Majesty in the House of Peers immediately.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend her Majesty:

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, that her Majesty had been pleased to give the royal Assent to Six publick Bills, and Twenty-eight private Bills, as follow; vix.

2

An Act for granting an Aid to ber Majesty, for carrying ort the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions, by setting Annuities at several Rates, and for such resjiective Terms or Estates, as are therein mentioned 5

An Act for the publick registering of all Deeds, Conveyances and Wills, that shall be made of any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the West Riding of the County of York, after the :_<jth Day of September, 1704:

An Act for the erecting a Work-house in the City of Worcester, and for setting the Poor on work there:

An Act for enlarging the Term of Years, granted by an Act passed in the Session of Parliament, held in the Eleventh and Twelfth Year of King William the Third, for the Repair of Dover Harbour:

An Act to repeal a Proviso in an Act of the 4th Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, which prevents the Citizens of the City of from disposing of their personal Estates by their Wills, as others, inhabiting within the Province of York, by that Act may do:

An Act for the Increase of Seamen, and better Encouragement of Navigation, and Security of the Coal Trade:

An Act for settling and confirming several Exchanges, with Ralph Earl Montague, of several Lands and Commons of Simon Motion, and others, lying in in the County of Northampton, for several Lands of the said Earl's, lying near to the same, and for confirming several Agreements relating to the said Exchanges:

An Act for confirming the Execution of a certain Agreement, made between Ralph Lord Grey, Baron of IVerke, and Charles Lord Ossulstone, and the Lady Mary his Wife, touching certain Manors, Lands, and Tenements, in the Counties of Northumberland, and City of London, and also between Lazorence Earl of Rochester, and the said Lord Grey, concerning other Manors, Lands, and Tenements, in the said County of Northumberland, County Palatine of Durham, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed:

An Act for confirming, and better Execution of, Articles, and the Agreements therein contained, for the Disposition and Division of the Estate of the late Lord Jermyn among his Coheirs:

An Act for vesting several Estates in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, and several Leasehold Estates, in Trustees, to be sold, for raising Portions for the younger Children of George Lord Carteret, deceased, and for laying out the Overplus of the Money, raised by such Sales, in Purchase of other Lands:

An Act to enable the Guardian of the Earl of Warwick and Holland, during his Minority, to make Leases of several Messuages in or near

An Act to enable Arabella Foot to lay out Monies, belonging to her Son Topham Foot, in Purchases of Lands, for his Benefit:

An Act to enable Sir Thomas Ttpping, Baronet, to sell the Manor of Ickford, in the County of Bucks, for Payment of a Debt charged thereon, and laying out the surplus Money in Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses:

An Act for vesting Lands in Essex, devised by Robert Kemp, Esquire, deceased, to the Children and Grand-Children of Elizabeth Outlau', and one of his Sisters and Coheirs, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Benefit of the Devisees:

An Act to enable Robert Catvdron, Esquire, to settle Part of his Estate, which be has improved, for raising Portions for his younger Children:

An Act to enable John Jenkins, Esquire, to sell Lands in the Counties of Durham and Northumberland, for Payment of Debts charged thereupon:

An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer of England, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to compound with John Ferrar, Esquire, for a Debt due from him, as Surety for John Mason, Gentleman, late Receiver-general for the County of Cambridge, and Isle of Ely:

An

o Ann. 4° — 150 Februarii. 353

An Act for vesting in Trustees Part of the Estate of And it is referred to Toed Mordaunt. Sir Wm. Drake, Thomas Harlaclcenden Bowes, Esquire, for Payment of Sir Il'ich. , Mr. Bromley, Sir Hump. Macktcorth,

the Debts and Legacies, wherewith the said Estate is Mr. Sir Tho. Sir Darera, Mr.

charged, and for preserving the Residue, clear of Charges, Bingham,' Sir Nick. Morris, Mr. Bere, Mr. Stephens, Sir for the Benefit of Thomas Bowes, Esquire, an Infant: Tho. Sir Richard Vivian, Mr. Manley, Mr. Tre-

An Act for the making void certain Uses, Estates, fusis, Mr. Cursor, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Granville, Sir Wm. and Trusts, limited in the Marriage Settlement of Hemy Strickland, Mr. Cesar, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Awdley, Esquire, of certain Manors and Lands, contained Vernon, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Mr.

in that Settlement, and settling other Manors and Lands, Moor, Mr. Mr. Stauhop, Mr. Goring, Mr. Pocley.

of belter Value, to and for the same Uses. Estates, and

Trusts:

An Act to enable Sir George Knight, and

Doctor in Divinity, to make Leases of some Houses and Ground in ChanonRou\ in Westminster: An Act for naturalizing Isaac Kopps:

An Act for supplying the Defect of the Execution of a Power in Sir John Ivory, Knight, deceased, for making Provision for his younger Children:

An Act for vesting the Estate late of Tho. Legh, late of Ridge, in the County of Chester, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, for the Payment of his Debts, perfecting his Purchases, and better effecting the Purposes m his Will: An Act for naturalizing Rene Ranc, Mathew Decker, and others:

An Act to enable Sir John Astley, Baronet, to make a Jointure upon his Marriage, during his Minority, and to enable him to buy in any Rent-charge, or other Incumbrance, upon his Estate:

An Act for the vesting of Nine Messuages, in the Parish of St. Giles in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, being the Estate of William Jarman, and Mary his Wife, In Trustees, to be sold, and for settling, in lieu thereof, s Messuage, and certain Lands in Whipsnade, Tottrenhoc, and Studham, in the County of Bedford:

An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Henry Lord Viscount Dillon, in the Kingdom of Ireland, for Payment of his Debts, and for settling an Equivalent in other Part of his Estate on the Viscountess his Wife, for her Jointure: An Act for the vesting the Manor of Michadl-church, in the County of Radnor, and other Lands in the County of Salop,of Mary Bowdler, and Gentleman, in certain Trustees, for Payment of the Debts, and making Provision for the younger Children, of the said William Bawdier:

An Act for Sale of certain Lands in Charwelton, in the County of Northampton, of William Adams, Clerk, for Payment of Debts, and Portions to his younger Brothers and Sisters, and for settling other Lands, of greater Value, upon his Wife and Children, in lieu thereof;

j; An Act for naturalizing Henry Boisrond de St. Leger,

Peter de la Grainge, Lewis Wadden, and others:

An Act to discharge the Governor and Compuny for making hollow Sword-blades, in England, of the Sum of 18,864/. 7 s.\\d. by Mistake overcharged in the Pur-i chase-money for several forfeited and other Estates and

Interests in Ireland, purchased by them:

An Act for settling the Manor of Creech, in the County of Somerset, in Trustees, to enable them to renew Leases, for the Maintenance of the younger Sons of William Keyt, Esquire, deceased, during their Minority:

An Act for Sale of some Part of the Estate of John Holden, Gentleman, and Robert Holden, his Son, for Payment of their Debts, and for disposing of younger Children Apprentices: And,

An Act for vesting several Estates of Sir Charles

staff e, Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of Debts, and making Provision for his Wife and Daughter.

Commission- The House (according to Order) proceeded to the «r» of pubUck balloting for Commissioners, for taking, examining, and Accounts. stating, the publick Accounts.

I And the Clerk, and Clerk Assistant, went on each Side

the House with Glasses, and received the Lists from the Members; which were brought up to the Table.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to examine the Lists, and report, upon which Seven Persons Names the Majority falls; and that they do withdraw into the Sj>eaker's Chamber.

Vol. 14.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Publick whole House, to whom the Bill, for taking, examining, Account , and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, was committed, be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report Supply Bill; from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the TaxouOffices Bill, for laying a further Tax upon Offices and Pensions, 8n<11>en»ion9 and for charging several Professions, towards raising of Money for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions, was committed, be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Queen Anne' Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for the Bounty; making more effectual her Majesty's gracious Intentions |eJ.gr"lta for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the poor Clergy, by enabling her Majesty to grant, in Perpetuity, the Revenues of the First fruits and Tenths.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bromley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bromley reported from the said - Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made some Amend-; ments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow,

Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Duties on

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Salt, whole House, upon the Bill, for the better securing and regulating the Duties upon Salt.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 25 die Februarii;

Anno 2® Annas Regina.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Grainge' for vesting Part of the Estate of Joseph Grainge, Estate. Esquire, and Elizabeth his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold, and to dispose of the Money, arising by such Sale, pursuant to their Marriage Settlement, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Annesley,

Mr. Musgrave, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Poultney, Mr. Walpole,

Mr. Manley, Mr. JVard, Mr Crosse, Sir Mr. Halsei/, Mr. Palgrave, Mr. Sir Robert

Davers, Mr. Topham, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Coke,

Mr. Dolben, Mr. Scobell, Mr. England, Mr. Conyers,

Mr Blofc/d, Mr. Clark, Mr. lick, Mr. Sir Cha.

Turner, Mr. Onsloir, Sir Win. Coriton; and all, that serve for the County of Surrey: And they are to meet this-Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Hoblyn reported from the Committee, to whom Cary's the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate, for vesting the Manor of Yeovilton in the County of Somerset, and other Lands therein mentioned, of William Cary, F.squire, in Trustees, for discharging Incumbrances, and making Provision for his younger Children, and settling other Lands, in the County of Devon, in lieu thereof, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true;

and,

11 ol worthy's Estate.

Lam plugins Estate.

JFrafnpton's

Estate.

Supply Bill; Tux on Offices and Pensions.

2 5° Febrtiarii. 1703.

and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made an Amendment to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which lie read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, and is, as followeth; viz.

Pr. 5. L. 4. After " Waste" insert, " with Power to " him, the said JVm. Cary, of making Leases, as in the " said Marriage Settlement is expressed."

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Manors and Lands of Holworthy, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and purchasing other Manors, or Lands, of equal Value, and limiting the Manors, or Lands, to be purchased, to the same Uses, as the Lands to be sold are limited, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Mr. Crosse reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling the Estate of Doctor deceased, pursuant to his Marriage Articles, and Settlement, prepared for that Purpose, and for Provision for his younger Children, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found foe same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to foe Bill, to foe Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where foe same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, and are, as followeth;

Press 3. L. 27. Leave out the 2d " of," and insert "or."

Press 5. L. 6. Leave out " Seven," and insert " Seventy."

Press 6. L. 32. Instead of " th an," r ted " tlcm."

Pr. 15. L. 45. After " Three," insert " said."

Pr. 16. L. 6. After " charged," insert " with."

Mr. Bingham reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better vesting in Giles Frampton, Esquire, the Manor and Farm of Moorton, alias Moreton, and Hurst, in the County of Dorset,in Possession, and for the better securing

the same, and the other Manors, Farms, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, late of William Frampton, Esquire, deceased, to him the said Giles Frampton, and such as are entitled in Remainder after him, upon the Death of Tregomcell Frampton, Esquire, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to 6e true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they bad directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with foe Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, and are, as follow; viz. *

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do now' proceed upon the adjourned Consideration of the , Report from the Committee of foe whole House, to whom the Bill, for laying a further Tax upon Offices and Pensions, and for charging several

Professions, towards raising of Money for foe Service of the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions, was committed;

' It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That foe said adjourned Consideration be proceeded upon at One a Clock.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for the further Explanation and Regulation of Privilege, in relation to Persons in publick Offices.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Topham took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Topham reported from the said Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to report the same to the House, when the House will pleas# to receive the same.

Ordered, That foe Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for granting to her Majesty an additional Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, for Three Years, and for laying a further Duty upon French Wines, condemned as lawful Prize, and for ascertaining the Values of unrated Goods, imported from foe East Indies.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when foe House will please to receive foe same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Wednesday Morning next

Ordered, That foe Commissioners of the Customs do attend this House upon Wednesday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, to give their Opinion to this House, concerning the prolonging the Time of the Drawback for Goods exported.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, that there had been with him, Yesterday, in the Evening, the Prolocutor of the Lower House of Convocation, and Four more of the same House; viz. foe Dean of Winchester, Doctor Edwards, Principal of Jesus College in Doctor Smaldridge, and Doctor who brought

him the following Order; which Mr. Speaker read to the House; viz.

J By the Lower House of Convocation.

Die Mercurii, Febrtiarii 23°, 1703-4.

ORDERED, That Mr. Prolocutor, Mr. Dean of Winchester, Doctor Edwards, Doctor Smaldridge, and Doctor Atterbury, do attend Mr. Speaker of the honourable House of Commons, and acquaint him, that, after the Clergy's having waited on her Majesty with their most humble Sense of her unexampled Bounty to her poor Clergy, the Lower House of Convocation cannot but take notice, with how much Kindness and Generosity yourself, Sir, and the Honourable House of Commons, had prevented them by your Address upon the same Subject; wherein you have been pleased, not only to express your Readiness to assist and further her Majesty's most charitable Intentions, but so far likewise to espouse the Interest of foe Clergy, as to pay your own most hearty Thanks on their Behalf.

Our House, Sir, commands me to return their most humble Acknowledgments to you, and to that honourable House, for this so singular a Favour; which you have enlarged, by promising to pursue such Methods, as may best conduce to the Support, Honour, Interest, and future Security, of the Church of England, as now by Law established: And they beg Leave, at the same time, with the most sensible Gratitude, to profess, that they cannot have any greater Assurance of what your honourable

House

Privilege of publick , Offices.

Supply Bill; Duly oil French W iues.

Queen Anne's Bounty of First Fruits to Clergy — Onler from Convocation.

a Ann.

2 5 — 26° Februarii.

357

Packer *

Estate

Licentious, ness of the Press.

Earl of

Kanelagli s

Accounts.

Exporting

Bullion.

Publick

Accounts.

House has now promised, than the constant Experience they have had of what it always has performed.

J. Aldrich, Prolocutor.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making Provision for, and settling the Fortune of Arm Packer in Trustees, for the Purposes therein mentioned, be read a Second time upon this Day Fortnight.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, to prevent the Licentiousness of the Press, was committed, be made upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Reply of the Commissioners of the publick Accounts to the -Answer of the Earl of Rant high to that Part of their Report, relating to his Lordship's Accounts, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning, at Eleven a Clock.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom die Bill, to restrain the Exportation of Silver and Gold to the East India's, was committed, be made upon Thursday Morning next, after the Report of the Bill, to prevent the Licentiousness of the Press.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom die Bill, for taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, was committed;

Mr. Manley reported from the Committee, appointed to examine the Lists, upon which Seven Persons the Majority fell, to be Commissioners in the said Bill, that the Majority falls upon,

Sir William Drake, Knight and Baronet 261.

Francis Scobell, Esquire - 2,50.

Willia/n Bromley, Esquire - 195.

Robert Byerley, Esquire - - - 193.

Henry Purnell, Esquire - - - 180.

Sir Godfty Copley, Baronet - - 171.

The Honourable Arthur Annesley, Esquire 159. Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, till the Report be made of the said Bill.

Then Mr. Dolben (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, was committed, the Amendments, the Committee had made to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read through-> out, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Commissioners Names were inserted into the Blank, left in the Bill for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for laying a further Tax upon Offices and Pensions, and for charging several Professions, towards raising of Money for die Service of the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions, was committed, be further adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Q , Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the

Bounty " whple House, to whom the Bill, for making more effectual of First Fruit her Majesty's gracious Intentions for the Augmentation to Clergy. Gf the Maintenance of the poor Clergy, by enabling her Majesty to grant, in Perpetuity, the Revenues of the First fruits and Tenths, was committed, be made upon Monday Morning next

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Vo L. 14

Supply Bill; Tax 011 Offices und Pensions.

Sabbati, 260 die Februarii;

Anno 2 Annae Regina.

P R A y e us.

AN ingrossed Bill, for Sale of the Estate of John Digby' Digby, Esquire, deceased, in the County of Bucks, Estate, and dividing the Money between Sir JohComcay, Baronet,

and Richard Mcstyn, Esquire, and for settling the Estate of Sir John Comcay, in the County of Flint, and making a Provision for his Son and Daughter, according to an Agreement for that Purpose, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act for Sale of the Estate late of John Digby, Esquire, deceased, in the County of Buckingham, and dividing the Money between Sir John Comi'ay, Baronet, and Richard Mostyn, Esquire, and for settling the Estate of Sir John Conway, in the County of Flint, and making a Provision for his Son and Daughter, according to an Agreement for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Hanmer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Tbpham (according to Order) reported from the Privilege-Committee of the whole House, to whom thf Bill, for Pubuck the further Explanation and Regulation of Privilege, in 0tiiceni relation to Persons in publick Offices, was committed; that they had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

And an Amendment being proposed to be made to the Bill: the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House,

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Hare ourtreported from the Committee, to whom Havre',

the Bill, for setting aside of voluntary Settlements, made Esute. by John Hazce, Gentieman, of his Estate in the Counties

of Stafford and Warwick, and settling Part thereof on Trustees, for the Maintenance of his Son John, and Daughter Elis, and raising of a Portion for the said Daughter, and the greatest Part thereof for the said John Hazce, for his Life, with Remainder to his said Son in Tail, and settling the Residue thereof, in the County of Stafford, to pay his Debts, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee;-and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were onee read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon tl»e Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Cary's vesting the Manor of Feovilton,in the County of Somerset, Estate, and other Lands therein mentioned, of William Cary Esquire, m Trustees, for discharging Incumbrances, and making Provision for his younger Children, and settling other Lands in the County of Devon, in lieu thereof, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hoblyn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, with an Amendment; to which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Hollworthy's vesting divers Manors and Lands of Matthew Hollworthy. Estate. Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and purchasing other Manors, or Lands, of equal Value, and limiting the Manors, or Lands, to be purchased, to the same Uses, as the Lands to be sold are limited, was read the Third time.

4 X Resolved,

Mayne's and

Papillon's

Accounts

Drawback

on Goods Exported.

Irish

Forfeitures.

Relief of Capl. Koch.

Andrewes

Estate.

358

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Sir William Drake, from the Commissioners for taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts, presented to the House their lieply to the Answers of Esquire, one of the late Commissioners of the Victualling, and of Philip Papiilon, Esquire, late Cashier of the Victualling, and Instrument to the Earl of Or ford, late Treasurer of the Navy.

And the Titles thereof were read.

And the Answers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Replies be taken into Consideration uppn Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House, upon Wednesday Morning next, an Account, for Five Years, ending at Christmas last, of the Drawback of Goods exported; distinguishing the Goods exported in Time from those exported out of Time.

The House (according to Order) proceeded to take into Consideration the Reports from the Trustees, for Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

And the same were again read; viz.

Upon the Petition of John Baker, eldest Son of Colonel Baker, late Governor of London behalf of him-

self, his Brother, and Sisters; and,

Upon the Petition of Dr. Charles Crow, Bishop of Cloyne; and,

Upon the Petition of Richard Stone, Esquire.

An ingrossed Bill, for making good the Defect of the Provision, intended for Captain James Roch, was read the Third time.

Aningrossed Clause, was offered, as a Rider, to the Bill, on the behalf of Mr. Baker.

And the same was twice read, and, by Leave of the House withdrawn.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, on the behalf of the Bishop of Cloyn.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks tilled up.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read the Third time;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the . } W~

Tellers for the Noes,{ Jj >; j 78.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Clause was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Clause be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, to the Bill, on the behalf.of Mr. Stone.

And the same was twice read, with a Blank for the Sum to him.

Resolved, That the Blank be filled up with " 500l."

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That, the Clause be read the Third time;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for making good the Provision, intended for Captain James Roche out of the forfeited Estates in Ireland; and for restoring to the Bishoprick of Cloyne, in the said Kingdom, the Manor and Lands of Donomore.

Ordered, That Mr. Dolben do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford, and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Ixirds have agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Act to charge the Estate of Ambrose Gentleman, with

Moneys for Payment of Debts, and for supplying some

A. 1703.

Defects in the Settlement of the said Estate, for making a Jointure, and Leases, upon the said Estate, without any Amendments:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made Cary's by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Manor of Yeovilton, in the County of Somerset, and other Lands therein mentioned, of William Cary, Esquire, in Trustees, for discharging Incumbrances, and making Provision for his younger Children, and settling other Lands, in the County of Devon, in lieu thereof.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Bromley (according to Order) reported, from the Privilege. Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, upon the Complaints of a Breach of Privilege against the Lord William Powlet (a Member of this House) and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table; where the same were read, and are, as> follow; viz.

Upon the Complaints of a Breach of Privilege against the Lord William Powlet, by William Young, in delivering to several Persons, Tenants to the said Lord William Powlet, of Lands in the County of Lincolne,

Copies of a Writ of Execution of an Order, to stay Rents in the Hands of the said Tenants; and also against John Lauze, Lancelot Tolson, Tho.; and Rickard Walpoole, for employing the said William Young to deliver the same:

That the Counsel for the Lord William Powlet opened the Matter, that the Lord William Powlet had been in Possession of the Lands in Question ever since the Death of his Father, the late Duke of Bolton; and that the Persons, who served the Order, at the time of such Service,. took notice, that they were Tenants to the Lord Powlet.

Wm. Marshall, And it appeared by the Evidence of some Jos. Chapman, Tenants of the Premises, that they had been John Whaling, Tenants to the Lord William Powlett about Five Years; and William Young, when he served them with the Order, which was about the 20th November last, did so far take notice, that they were Tenants to the Lord William Powlet, as to forbid them paying Rent to his Lordship.

This fact seemed to be admitted.

And the several Proceedings were, as follow:

John Lauze was Plaintiffin Chancery against Sir Charles Windham, and others, Executors of the late Duke of Bolton; to which Suit the Lord Wm. Powlet is no Party.

23 July, 2° Anna Reginas, the Plaintiff, upon an Allegation, that the Defendants had not given Obedience to a. former Order, in bringing to Mr. Gay, a Master in Chancery, such Securities, as they had in their Hands, relating to the Premises, to the end an Assignment might be prepared, for the Defendants to execute, the Plaintiff obtained an Order, for staying the Rents in the Tenants Hands, unless the Defendants complied, within One Monti), with the former Order, in bringing to the said Master such Securities, and executing of an Assignment.

On the nth of November, William Young served the Tenants with a WTrit of Execution of that Order.

29th November following, the Plaintiff obtained a further Order, for delivering Possession to the Plaintiff, quieting the Plaintiffin that Possession; and that the Rents, stayed in the Tenants Hands, should be paid to the Plaintiff, unless Cause was shewed to the contrary by a certain Day.

9th December, upon a Motion made by the Defendants Counsel, the time for shewing Cause was enlarged to the then next general Seal.

1 lth December, William Young made Affidavit of serving the Tenants with a Writ of Execution of the Order of the 23d of July.

20th December, a Motion was made by Sir Thomas Powis, and others, of the Lord William Powlett'$ Counsel, insisting, that there was no reason to make his Lordship a Party to that Suit, his Lordship s Title accruing after the

Plaintiff's

26° FebruariL

3 Ann. 36° — 38° Februarii.

359

Plaintiff's Pill was filed; and it was by the Lord Keeper referred to the Master, to examine, whether the Proceedings in this Cause were regular, or not

25 January, upon the Petition of the Lord lett, the Time was enlarged for Ten Days.

That the Counsel on the other Side insisted, that the Clerks could not take Notice, the Lord JVm.

Tenants were concerned, he being no Party to the Suit; and besides that, if there was any Privilege originally, it was waved, by the Lord JVm. Powlett's appearing in Chancery, and submitting to the Orders of that Court: Apd cited the Case of the Lord De la and Sir

John Cutler.

That it was admitted, that the Lord was in Court, upon the Motion made the 20th December; and that he attended the Master upon the Reference, directed by that Order.

Mr, John Tolson gave an Account, that Sir

introduced his Motion, the 20th December, by saying, the Lord JVm. Perwlet might insist upon Privilege, but he could not advise him to do it; and that being a Clerk in the Chancery Court, and appearing for the Plaintiff before the Master, asked the Lord JVm. if he might

speak for his Client, without Breach of Privilege: That his Lordship answered, he had a mind to trick him; but Mr. Tolson replying, that he did not ask him to wave his Privilege, his Lordship gave him Leave to go on; and accordingly he did then, on behalf of his Client.

That, by way of Reply, it was observed, that the Case of Sir John Cutler did not come up to this, the Lord William Pcm-lct being no Party to this Suit; and that what were alleged as Instances of his waving of his Privilege, were subsequent to the Breach of it, now complained of.

And that, upon the Whole, the Committee came to these Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That William Young, by delivering to several Persons,

Tenants to the Lord William Perwlet (a Member of this House) of Lands in the County of Copies of a

Writ of Execution of an Order, to stay Rents in the Hands of the said Tenants, is guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Mr. John Lauze, by employing JVm. Young, to deliver to several Persons, Tenants to the Lord JVm, Penelett (a Member of this House) of Lands in the County of Lincolne, Copies of a Writ of Execution of an Order to stay Rents in the Hands of the said Tenants, is guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Mr. Lancelott Tolson, a Solicitor in Chancery, by employing William Young to deliver to several Persons, Tenants to the Lord William Perwlet (a Member of this House) of Lands in the County of Lincolne, Copies of a Writ of Execution of an Order, to stay Rents in the Hands of the said Tenants, is guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Mr. Richard JValpoole, an Attorney at Law, by employing William Young to deliver to several Persons, Tenants to the Lord William (a Member of this

House) of Lands in the County of Lincolne, Copies of a Writ of Execution of an Order, to stay Rents in the Hands of the said Tenants, is guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Debate be adjourned;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That William Young, by delivering to several Persons, Tenants to the Lord William Pou-let (a Member of this House) of Lands in the County of Lincolne, Copies of a Writ of Execution of an Order, to Vol. 14.

stay Rents in the Hands of the said Tenants, is guilty of Privilege, a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

The rest of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the said William Young be, for his said Breach of the Privilege of this House, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the said Mr. John Lauze be, for his said Breach of the Privilege of this House, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Anns attending this House.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Lancelot Tolson be, for his said Breach of the Privilege of this House, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending tins House.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Richard JValpoole be, for his said Breach of the Privilege of this House, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the Report from the Commissioners, Army Debts, appointed to take, examine, and determine, the Debts, due to the Army, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes, taken during the late War, be taken into Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn- Encouraging

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole fJaegUfac" House, upon the Bill, for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of England, and setting the Poor at work.

Ordered, That the Reply of the Commissioners, for EarlofRane-taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts, l gb'» Ac-to the Answer of the Earl of Ranelagh, be taken into c0"nts Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

Ordered, That Sir Fran. Massam, Sir Dud- To rr'» Estate.

ley, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Snell, Sir John William, Mr.

Stringer, Mr. Gape, Mr. Sanderson, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, for Sale of Part of the Estate of James Torr, Gentleman, deceased, for Payment of his Debts, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luncc, 28® die Februarii;

Anno 2® Ann® Regina.

Prayers.

SIR John Kay reported from the Committee, to whom Torr's Estate.

the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of James Torr, Gentleman, deceased, for Payment of his Debts, and for settling the other Part thereof to the LTses therein mentioned, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lamplugh for settling the Estate of Doctor Lamplugh, deceased, Estate, pursuant to his Marriage Articles, and Settlement, prepared for that Purpose, and for Provision for his younger Children, was read the Third time; and some other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Crosse do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Bill,

with

36o a8° Februarii. 1703.

with several Amendments; to which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Army Debts. The House being acquainted, that Mr. one of the Commissioners, appointed to take, examine, and determine, the Debts, due to the Army, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes, taken during the late War, attended; he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House their Return, or Report, upon the Petition of Rickard Uthw and Tho. Moore. And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Report was read.

And the Report is, as followeth; viz.

I N Obedience to an Order of Reference from this honourable House, dated the '22d Instant, upon the Petition of Richard Uthwat and Tho. we humbly

report as follows:

That we find, by an Account thereof from the Earl of Ranelagk, late Paymaster of the Army, that the Petitioners have been subsisted, as Deputy Commissaries of the Musters; and that there is an Arrear of Pay, due to Mr. Uthwat, of 344/. and to Mr. Moore, of 191 /. 3$. upon the 31st of December, 1698, to which Time the General Officers were paid.

That, not being inserted in the Establishment of the Forces in 1692, they had a Warrant from the late King to the Paymaster, dated June 27th, 1701, directing the Payment of their whole Pay, as Deputy Commissaries of the Musters, at Ten Shillings per diem, to the 31st of December, 1698.

That, on their Application to this honourable House, jt was ordered, Apr. 20th, 1699, that the Petitioners, Richard Uthwat and Thomas Moore, should be paid, as far as the General Officers shall be paid.

That the Petitioners did apply to us, and were told, that their Arrears could not be stated by us, they being on no Establishment

Al) which is humbly submitted.

Coa nt Garden, 23 Tho. Lister, Geo. Langton,

Febr. 1703. Farrer.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Baker's Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for

Claims. the further recompensing of John Baker and his Family, for the Services of Colonel Baker at Londonderry; and that Mr. Haw, Mr. Walpole, and Mr. Conyers, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Hawe's An ingrossed Bill, for setting aside of voluntary Settle-

Estate. ments, made by John Hawe, Gentleman, of his Estate in the Counties of Staffoid and Warwick, and settling Part thereof on Trustees, for the Maintenance of his Son John, and Daughter Elis, and raising of a Portion for the said Daughter, and the greatest Part thereof for the said John Hawe, for his Life, Remainder to his said Son in Tail, and settling the Residue thereof, in the County of Stafford, to pay his Debts, vvas read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for setting aside voluntary Settlements, made by John Jfawe, Gentleman, of Estates in the Counties of Stafford and Warwick, and settling some Part of the said Estate upon the said John Haw, and his Son, and for making Provision for the Maintenance of his Son and Daughter, and raising a Portion for such Daughter, and selling the Residue, for Payment of his Debts.

Ordered, That Mr. Harcoyrt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.'

.Nottingham Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Knight of the Shire for the County of -

ham, in the Room of Gervas Eyre, Esquire, deceased.

Frampton' An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act E»ut . for the better vesting in Giles Frampton, Esquire, the Manor and Farm of Moorton, alias and Hurst, in

the County of Dorset, in Possession, and for the better securing the same, and the other Manors, Farms, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, late of William Frampton, Esquire, deceased, to him the said Giles Frampton, and such as are entitled in Remainder

after him, upon the Death of Tregonwell Frampton,

Esquire, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bingham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Sir Humphry Mackworth reported, that the Members, Proceeding appointed, had been to inspect the Journal of the House °"

of Lords, what Proceedings have been, since the last Re- °n~

port to this House, upon the Papers, communicated to the Lords by her Majesty, relating to the Conspiracy; but that they did not find any Proceedings, as yet, entered in their Journals; but that out of the Papers, for making up the same, they had taken Copies of the Proceedings they found therein: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are, as follow; viz.

Die Martis, 8# Febr. 1703.

UPON the reading this Day, in the House, several Papers, relating to the Conspiracy in Scotland, It is Ordered by, <$fc. That the Gentleman-usher of the Black Rod attending this House, his Deputy or Deputies, do forthwith attach the Body of Robert Ferguson, and keep him in safe Custody, until further Order of this House; and that no Person be suffered to speak with him. And this shall be sufficient Warrant on that behalf.

To the Gentleman-usher of the Black Rod attending this House, his Deputy and Deputies, and every of them.

Die Martis, 22 Febr. 1703.

IT is Ordered by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, That the Gentleman-usher of the Black Rod, his Deputy or Deputies do forthwith find one Mr. Challoner, alias Chambers, a Scotch Minister, and bring him to this House, in order to his being examined.

Ordered by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, That the Lord Steward, Duke of Somerset, Earl of Sunderland, Earl of Scarborough, Lord Viscount Toxcnshend, Lord Wharton, and Lord Somers,

shall, and are hereby appointed to, be a Committee, to . examine further into the Scotch Conspiracy; and have hereby Power to send for Persons, and Papers, as they shall see Cause: And they, or any Four of them, to meet, when, where, and as often as, they shall think fit; and report to the House, when they please: And that the Papers, now before the House, relating the reunto, be delivered to the said Committee.

It is Ordered by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in "Parliament assembled, That the Gentleman-usher of the Black Rod, his Deputy or Deputies, do forthwith take into his or their Custody or Custodies the Bodies of

Campbell and Mrs. Fox, now in the Messengers Hands; and that they be not allowed Pen, Ink, or Paper, nor any Person or Persons to speak with them, without Leave from the Lords Committees, appointed to examine into the Scotch Conspiracy.

It is Ordered by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, That all the Officers, or Keepers, in whose Custody any Person or Persons, who are committed in relation to the Scotch Conspiracy, do keep the Prisoner or Prisoners, in their Custody, in safe and close Confinement, and not allow any Person or Persons to speak with them, nor allow Pen, Ink, qr Paper, without Leave of this House.

Mercuni 23 Die Febr. 1703.

THE Duke of Somerset reported from the Committee, appointed to examine further into the Scotch Conspiracy; viz. That they desire, your Lordships will be pleased

a Ann. a8° — 19" Februarii.

pleased to address to the Queen, to issue a Proclamation to any to come in, to explain the Gibbrish Letters, with a Reward to any Person, that shall do it within so many Days after the Date of the Proclamation.

To which the House agreed, and ordered as fol-ioweth; viz.

It is Ordered by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled. That an humble Address be made to her Majesty from this House, humbly to desire her Majesty to issue her royal Proclamation, to promise a Pardon, and a Reward of Five hundred Pounds, to any Person or Persons, who shall, within Six Days after the Date of the said Proclamation, make known to the Lord Steward, Duke of Somerset, Earl of Scarborough, Earl of Sunderland, Lord Viscount Lord Wharton,

and Lord Somers, being the Lords Committees, appointed by this House to examine into the Scotch Conspiracy, the Key, or Cypher, whereby the Four Letters, written in Gibbrish language, may be fully explained; and also the Persons Names, to whom the said Letters are directed, from whom they came, and by whom subscribed.

It is Ordered by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, That the Duke of Somerset, and the Lord Wharton, do humbly attend her Majesty, with the Address.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Report be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Papers, communicated by her Majesty to this House, relating to the treasonable Correspondence carried on with St. Germans, and the Court of France.

Scotch Con- Mr. Secretary Hedges presented to the House, Copies piracy. of several Papers, relating to the said Conspiracy, by a Schedule of them.

And the Titles of them were read, as by the Schedule; which Schedule is, as followeth; viz.

1. Mr. Ferguson's Letter and Declaration.

2. Extract of Mr. Letter to Mr. Secretary,

dated the 20th July, 1703.

3. Copy of a Letter to Mr. Stanhope, from Amster-

dam, dated 15th July, 1703.

4. Extract of Mr. Stanhop's Letter to Mr. Secretary,

dated the 34 August, 1703.

5. Copy of Captain Hamilton's to Brigadier Mait-

land, dated 23 July, 1703,

6. Commission to Lord to be Colonel of a

Regiment of Foot in Scotland.

7. To Mr. Smith, to be left for him at the Marine

Coffee-house, near James's Church, in Pic-kadilly.

. Deposition of Mr. Oliphant, 14 Jan. 170$;.

9. Mr. Campbell's further Examination.

10. Copy of Mr. Keith's Letter to Earl of Notting-

ham.

11. Mr. A/ircA'msfe'sNarrative, received 29 Jan. 1703.

12. Extract of the Duke of Letter to

the Quefen, 11 August, 1703.

13. Extract of Ditto to the Queen, 25 Sept 1703.

14. Copy of the Letter to L. M — y.

15. From Philarchus.

16. To Philotheus.

17. To my Lord 3.

18. To my Lord 7.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Papers, and also of the Papers formerly laid beifore the House by her Majesty's Direction, be referred to the said Committee of the whole House.

Resumption Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the of Grants, whole House, to whom the Bill, for resuming several Grants, made by the late King James, and by their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary (of glorious Memory) or by the said late King William, was committed, be made upon Saturday Morning next.

Raising the Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Mom-Militia. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Vo 1. 14.

House, upon the Bill, for raising the Militia for the Year 1704, notwithstanding the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Scotch Con-Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Papers, spiracy. communicated by her Majesty, relating to the treasonable Correspondence carried on with St. Germans, and the Court of France.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair:

Mr. Freeman took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Freeman reported from the said Committee, that they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same,

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the adjourned Consideration of the Supply Bill} Report from the Committee of the whole House, to Tm on Places whom the Bill, for laying a further Tax upon Offices and "" eM,0, Pensions, and for charging several Professions, towards raising of Money for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions, was committed, be further adjourned till Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Queen Anne' whole House, to whom the Bill, for making more effec- ®ounty of tual her Majesty's gracious Intentions for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the poor Clergy, by enabling ' her Majesty to grant, in Perpetuity, the Revenues of the First fruits and Tenths, was committed, be made Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 29 die Januarii;

Anno 2 Anns Regina.

Prayers.

N ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Torr1 Estate, for Sale of Part of the Estate of James Torr, Gentleman, deceased, for Payment of his Debts, and for settling the other Part thereof to the Uses therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John Kay do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers, and Mr. Hiccocks:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Act to Phillippson' vest Part of the Estate of Sir ChristopherPhillipson, Knight, Estate, m Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of Debts, and for charging Part thereof with Maintenance for a Daughter, who is a Lunatick, without any Amendment:

And also to a Bill, intituled, An Act to establish and style' confirm a Partition, and Agreement, of, and touching the Estate. Estate of Sir Thomas Style, late of Wateringbury, in the County of Kent, Baronet, without any Amendment:

And also to the Amendments, made by this House to L&mplugh's a Bill, intituled, An Act for settling the Estate of Doctor EstaU-Thomas Lamphcgh, deceased, pursuant to his Marriage Articles, and Settlement, prepared for that Purpose, and for Provision for his younger Children.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. How (according to Order) presented to the House Ba er-g a Bill, for the further recompensing of John Baker, claim . Gentleman, and his Family, for the Services of Colonel Baker, at Londonderry; and the same was received, and read the First time.

4 Y Resolved,

Army Debts.

Supply Bill» Duty on French Wines.

Duty on Iron imported.

Privilege.

Earl of Or ford's Accounts.

3<Si

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Report from the Commissioners, appointed to take, examine, and determine, the Debts, due to the Army, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Frizes, taken during the late War, upon the Petition of Richard XJthwat and Thomas Moore.

And the same was again read.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for punishing Officers, and Soldiers, who shall mutiny, or desert her Majesty's Service, in England or Ireland and for punishing false Musters, and for better Payment of Quarters in England, for the Year 1704, is committed, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for making Provision for satisfying Mr. Uthzeat and Mr. Moore, what is due to them.

The House also proceeded to take into Consideration the Report from the said Commissioners, upon the Petition of the Officers, Soldiers, Clothiers, and Victuallers, of the Four Companies at New York, in America.

And the same was read.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for making Provision for the Pay, due to the Four Independent Companies at New York, pursuant to the Establishment, and such Muster-rolls, as are in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given, upon the Report of the Bill, for granting to her Majesty an additional Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, for Three Years, and for laying a further Duty upon French Wines, condemned as lawful Prize, and for ascertaining the Values of unrated Goods, imported from the East Indies, to offer a Clause of Appropriation of the Aids given this Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given also, upon the said Report, to offer a Clause, for applying the Orders for reversionary Annuities, and also such of the Debentures on the forfeited Estates in Ireland, as are, or shall be returned, pursuant to a Clause in the Act of the First Year of her Majesty's Reign, for making good Deficiencies, to satisfy the Out-pensions of Chelsea Hospital, and other publick Debts, during the last War, as the Lord Treasurer shall direct

A Petition of the Manufacturers of Iron, that live in and near London, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that since the great Duties have been laid upon Sweeds and Irish Iron, the Price of Iron hath been so much inhanced, that our Iron Manufactory hath been subjected to great Discouragements, which some Merchants have made an Advantage of, ,by importing vast Quantities of foreign Nails, and other wrought Iron Wares, from Holland, and immediately shipped the same off to our Plantations, and other foreign Parts, encouraged by the Drawback upon Exportation; so that if a further Duty be laid upon Iron imported, the English Manufactury thereof will lie under far greater Discouragements: And praying, that no further Duty may be laid on Iron imported, and a Stop put to the Drawback of foreign hammered and wrought Iron Wares, and Nails, so exported.

Ordered, That leave be given, upon the Report of the Bill, for granting to her Majesty an additional Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, for Three Years, and for laying a further Duty upon French Wines, condemned as lawful Prize, and for ascertaining the Values of unrated Goods, imported from the East Indies, to offer a Clause, that there may be no Drawback upon manufactured Iron, imported into this Kingdom.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Complaint of a Breach of Privilege against Mr. Granville, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Godfrey Copley, from the Commissioners, for taking,

examining, and stating, the publick Accounts, presented to

A. 1703.

the House their Reply to the Answer of the Earl of Or ford, late Treasurer of the Navy, to their Observations upon his Lordship's Accounts.

And the Title thereof was read.

And the Reply is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Reply be taken into Consideration upon Thursday Morning next

A Petition of Thomas Bowrey, of London, Merchant, ship on behalf of himself, and others, Owners of the Cargo of Prosperous, the Ship Prosperous, designed for East India, was presented to the House, and read; and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn- Promissory ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Notes. House, upon the Bill, for giving like Remedy upon Notes, promising the Payment of Money, as is now upon Bills of Exchange.

Resoloed, That this House will, this Morning (after the Recruiting Report of the Committee from the whole House, who were th® Forces, to consider of the Papers, communicated by her Majesty to this House, relating to the treasonable Correspondence carried on with St.Germans, and the Court of France) resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill, for raising Recruits for the Land Forces, and for dispensing with Part of the Act for the Encouragement and Increase of Shipping and Navigation, during the present War.

Mr. Freeman (according to Order) reported from the Proceeding Committee of the w hole House, to whom it was referred of Lords o» to consider of the Papers, communicated by her Majesty Sc.otc1' Con to this House, relating to the treasonable Correspondence spirac ‘ carried on with St. Germans, and the Court of France, the Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is, as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that the House be moved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, That she will be pleased to reassume the just Exercise of her Prerogative, and take to herself the Examination of the Matters, relating to the Conspiracy, communicated to this House by her Majesty; and to give Assurance, that they will defend her Majesty's sacred Person and Government against all Persons concerned in the said Conspiracy, and all other Conspirators whatsoever; and to declare that the establishing of a Committee of Seven Lords, for the sole Examination of the said Conspiracy, is of dangerous Consequence, and may tend to the Subversion of the Government.

The said Resolution being read a Second time:

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, That she will be pleased to re-assurae the just Exercise of her Prerogative, and take to herself the Examination of the Matters, relating to the Conspiracy, communicated to this House by her Majesty; and to give Assurance, that they will defend her Majesty's sacred Person and Government against all Persons concerned in the said Conspiracy, and all other Conspirators whatsoever; and to declare, that the establishing of a Committee of Seven Lords, for the sole Examination of the said Conspiracy, is of dangerous Consequence, and may tend to the Subversion of the Government;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, luBrydg } 14

Tellers for the Noes, {sh 'johnIMand:]

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved,

a 9 Februarii,

a Ann.

Recruiting the force *

Punishing Mutiny and Desertion.

Queen Anne' Bounty of First Fruits to Clergy.

Barbier's, 4c. Nat.

Irish Forfeitures.

Privilege of

Publick

Officers.

Povey's

Accounts.

9° Februariu — r° Martiu , 363

Resolved, That the said Resolution be presented to her Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council, do humbly know her Majesty's Pleasure, when she will be attended by this House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill, for raising Recruits for the I And Forces, and for dispensing with Part of the Act for the Encouragement and Increase of Shipping and Navigation, during the present War.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next (after the said Committee) resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Officers, and Soldiers, who shall mutiny, or desert her Majesty's Service, in or Ireland, and for

punishing false Musters, and for better Payment of Quarters iu England, for the Year 1704.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for making more effectual her Majesty's gracious Intentions for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the poor Clergy by enabling her Majesty to grant, in Perpetuity, the Revenues of the First fruits and Tenths, was committed, be made Tomorrow, at Twelve a Clock, in a full House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 1

Anno a® Annas Regina.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to naturalize Daniel Barbier, John Kerron Chesne, and others, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Cyrill Wyche, from the Trustees for Sale of the for-

feited Estates in Ireland, presented to the House their Reports upon the Petitions of Geo. Hawes, Gentleman, and of Eliz. Clowdesly, Widow, one of the Creditors of the late Sir Patrick Trant, Baronet.

And the Titles thereof were read.

Ordered, That the said Reports do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

An ingrossed Bill, for the further Explanation and Regulation of Privilege of Parliament, in relation to Persons in publick Offices, "was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for the further Explanation and Regulation of Privilege of Parliament, in relation to Persons in publick Offices.

Ordered, That Mr. Topham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Bromley, from the Commissioners for taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts, presented to the House their Replies, to the Answer of Mr. Povey, Receiver to the late Commissioners of Sick and Wounded,

<S ;c.

And also to the Answer of the late Commissioners of Sick and Wounded, 8gc.

And also to Mr. Henry Baker's Answer:

And also to Mr. Auditor Bridges' Answer:

And also to Mr. John Knight's and Mr. Bartholomew . Burton's Answers.

And the Titles thereof were read.

And the said Replies are hound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Vol. 14.

Ordered, That the said Replies do lie upon the Table, to be considered Tomorrow Morning, with the other Replies, already presented to the House.

A Bill, for the further recompensing-of John Baker's Gentleman, and his Family, for the Services of Colonel Claim . Baker at Londonderry, was (according to Order) read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel Byerley, Sir Math. Dudley, Mr. Conyers, Lord Powlet,

Mr. Manley, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Topham,

Sir Cyrill Wyche, Mr. Morgan, Sir John Kay, Mr.

Mr. Stonehouse, Mr. St. John, Mr. How, Mr.

Sir Fra. Child, Mr. Dryden, Sir Fra.Massam, Mr. Yates, Lord Coningsby, Lord Marquis Hartington, Mr. Clarke,

Colonel Stringer, Mr. Chase, Mr. Walpole: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House being informed, that the Commissioners of Drawback the Customs, and several Officers of the Customs, at- ° Go° tended (according to Order) they were called in; and, export at the Bar;

The Commissioners of the Customs presented to the House their Opinion, in Writing, concerning the prolonging the Time of the Drawback of Goods exported:

Ana Doctor Davenant presented to the House, An Estimate of the Value of foreign Goods and Merchandize, exported in Time, and out of Time, to each Country respectively, in distinct Years, from the 25th Day of December, 1698, to the 25th of December, 1702, exclusive:

And Mr. Feme presented to the House, An Account of what Debentures have been paid and allowed by Henry Feme, Receiver-general of his Majesty's Customs, for the Drawback of Goods exported, from the 29th of February,

1699, 0 Christmas, 1703.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles thereof were read.

Ordered, That the said Opinion, and Accounts, do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for granting to her Majesty an additional Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, for Three Years, and for laying a further Duty upon French Wines, condemned as lawful Prize, and for ascertaining the Values of unrated Goods, imported from the East Indies, was committed, be made.

And the said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Bromley (according to Order) reported, from the Privilege. Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, upon the Complaint of a Breach of Privilege against George Granville, Esquire (a Member of this House) and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are, as follow; viz.

Upon the Complaint made to the House, that William Sherwin, Esquire, by Anthony Meysey, his Attorney, had arrested and prosecuted, in the Court of New Windsor, William Kilpin,a Servant of Geo. Granville,

Esquire (a Member of this House) in Breach of the Privilege thereof:

That the Persons complained of did not appear, nor any Counsel on their Behalf; hut it being proved, that they had been duly summoned to appear before the Committee, and answer the said Complaint, the Committee proceeded to examine Witnesses, to prove it.

Mr. Wm. Collyer, And, upon the Examination of Three

Fra. Peacock, Witnesses, it appeared, that William Kilpin,

William Kilpin. a Servant to Mr. Granville, upon the 29th September last, was arrested by Mr. Meysey, an Attorney at Law, at the Suit of the said Mr. Sherwin, and his Wife, in an Action for Defamation of his Title; and the Declaration being produced to the Committee, it appeared to be for delivering a Paper to the Tenants of the Manor of Clewer, asserting the Title of Sir BcviU Granville to

that

Queen Anne's Bounty of First Fruits to Clergy.

Answer to Address.

Duties On Sait.

Supply Bill; Duty on French Wines.

364 1® Martii. A. 1703.

that Estate, and denying the Title of Mr. and

his Wife, which they set up, by bastardizing the late Duke of Albermarle.

Mr. Herbert, ----- --- That this Declaration was delivered

to the Defendant's Attorney about a Fortnight ago, and since Mr. Meysey has declared himself willing to pay the Costs, and bad discontinued the Action, in order to it; but it was observed, this was not till after the Complaint made to the House.

Thereupon the Committee came to these Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That William Sherwin, Esquire, by employing Mr. Anthony "Meysey, an Attorney at Law, to arrest and prosecute, in the Court of New Windsor, William Kilpin, a Servant of George Granville, Esquire (a Member of this House) is guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Anthony Meysey, an Attorney at Law, in arresting and prosecuting, in the Court of New Windsor, William Kilpin, a Servant of George Granville, Esquire (a Member of this House) is guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the said William Sherwin be, for his said Breach of Privilege, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the said Anthony Meysey be, for his said Breach of Privilege, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Mr. Bromley (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for making more effectual her Majesty's gracious Intentions for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the poor Clergy, by enabling her Majesty to grant, in Perpetuity, the Revenues of the First fruits and Tenths, was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That there shall be but one Bond given for Payment of the First fruits, instead of the Five Bonds formerly required, and given by the Clergy.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks filled up: And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingro86ed.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported, that their Address having been presented to her Majesty, That she would be graciously pleased to bestow upon Mr.

Chaplain to this House, some Dignity in the Church; her Majesty was pleased to say, she does design to bestow upon him some Dignity in the Church, as is desired.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for better securing and regulating the Duties upon Salt;

Resolved, That this House will (after the Report of the Bill, for granting to her Majesty an additional Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, for Three Years, and for laying a further Duty upon French Wines, condemned as lawful Prize, and for ascertaining the Values of unrated Goods, imported from the East Indies') resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day, for the Report of the Bill, for granting to her Majesty an additional Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, for Three Years, and for laying a further Duty upon French Wines, condemned as lawful Prize,

3

and for ascertaining the Values of unrated Goods, imported from the East Indies, being read;

A Petition of several Merchants, Planters, was presented to the House, and read; and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for granting to her Majesty an additional Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, for Three Years, and for laying a further Duty upon French Wines, condemned as lawful Prize, and for ascertaining the Values of unrated Goods, imported from the East Indies, was committed, the Amendments, made by the Committee to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause of Appropriation was offered to be added to the Bill.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks were filled up; and other Amendments made thereunto: And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for appropriating the Moneys in the Exchequer.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks filled up: And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, relating to wrought Iron.

Ana the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks were filled up; and other Amendments made thereunto: And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, relating to Goods already imported.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks filled up: And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for allowing a longer Time for Exportation of foreign Goods, than by Law is granted.

And the Commissioners of the Customs Opinion was read.

And the Clause was once read, and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, relating to Tobaccoes.

And the same was once read.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be Adjourned till Friday Morning next

Mr. Secretary Hedges reported, that her Majesty had Queen ap-been pleased to appoint to be attended by this House P°inU.l® Tomorrow, at Four a Clock in the Afternoon, at St. atten James's.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Mom- Duties oa ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Salt-House, upon the Bill, for better securing and regulating the Duties upon Salt

Ordered, That the Reply of the Commissioners for Earl of taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts, Ranelagh'a to the Answer of the Earl of jRanelagh, be taken into AccounU Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning Nine a Clock.

v

School for

Navigation-

Committees.

Public Accountants.

Uarbier's, &c. Nat.

Public

Accounts

Army

Debts.

v

lb L '

Ann.

2° Martii.

3 5

Jovis, 2 die Martii; Anno 2 Ann

Praters.

A7 ICIIOLAS Budiani, JohnHenry LaP

' fane, Isaac Cailliroell, Lewis du , William,

Mathew Test,as, Mathew Durousseau, Peter

Jokn Camin, Hannihall Roussy, and Paul de

took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

Mr. Lowndes (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, for establishing a School in the Parish of St. James, within the Liberty of for teach-

ing Sciences relating to Navigation; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for the better and more effectual charging Accomptants, and Receivers, with Interest Money, received, and to be received, from time to time; and that Mr. and

Mr. Conyers do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to naturalize Daniel Barbier, John Kerron du Chesne, and others, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. Clark, Lord Powlett, Sir Math.

Dudley, Sir Dudley Cullum, Mr. Sir Robert

Ju/en, Sir Cerv. Elwes, Mr. Be re, Sir Gilbert

Sir IFalt. Verge, Sir I fin. CoritMr. Gee, Mr.

Colonel Colchester, Mr. Manley, Mr. Dryden, Mr. Sam-breoke, Mr. Pudsey, Mr. Fagg, Mr. Gregory: And they

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, for the taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, was read the '1 bird time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That none of the Commissioners shall accept of any Employment of Profit under her Majesty, during the Continuance of the Act.

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unlo by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for the taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. lhlbendo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Petition of Colonel John late Gover-

rior of Londonderry, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner was in the Army in Ireland before the late Troubles there, and in the Beginning joined himself with the Protestants in the North, and marched with them into , whereof he

was Governor in the most difficult Time of the Siege, after the Death of Governor Barker, till the Town was relieved, and afterwards joined the Army: That the Petitioner received his Pay, during the War; hut, upon stating his Accounts alter the Peace, was abated out of his Arrears about Eleven Months' Pay, for that he. had not so long been upon the Establishment of the Army: That the Petitioner, with others, petitioned the House of Commons in 169S, and a Committee reported, that there was a considerable Sum due to them, and above 1,200l. to the Petitioner, who is now a Prisoner in the Fleet; from whence lie cannot be at Liberty, or pay his Debts, contracted during the Service, unless he be paid his said Arrears: And praying, that his said Services may be considered, and he relieved, either by his Pay, or some Gratuity in lieu thereof.

Vol. 14.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Commissioners, appointed to take, examine, and determine, the Debts, due to the Army, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes taken during the late War; and that they do examine the same, and state the Matter of Fact to this Flouse.

A Petition of the Lady Mary Kirk, Widow and Re- Army lift of the late Lieutenant General Kirk, deceased, was Debts, presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner's late Husband was Lieutenant General of his late Majesty's Forces until his Death, which was upon the 2cth of October, 1691; since which she hath several times made Application to the Paymaster-general, to have an Account of her said late Husband's Pay stated, whereby the Commissioners of Accounts for the Army might have been enabled to certify the same, that so the Petitioner might have received Debentures, as other General Officers have done, thereby to enable her to pay her Husband's Creditors, who are very pressing for their Money: And praying, that the House will give the Paymaster Direc tions to state the said Accounts, and the said Commissioners certify, what is due for the Petitioner's Hus- band's Pay.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition he referred to the said Commissioners; and that they do examine the same, and state the Matter of Fact to this House.

A Petition of Margaret and Mary Molloy was presented Dish to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners torlelture claimed an Estate of 800l. per Annum, before the Trustees for the Sale of Irish Forfeitures, of which the Petitioners were for a long time seised before the Act of Resumption, and nothing could he objected against their Title, but a Conveyance thereof, made by their Ancestor (when non compos mentis) to Mr. Geoghegan; yet their Claim was dismissed by the said Trustees, by reason (as was alleged) that the Petitioners, not'being privy in Blood, could take no Advantage, in Strictness of Law, of the said Disability; and that the Petitioners are very necessitous, and have nothing to depend on, but their said Claim to the said Estate: And praying, that, since the Petitioners cannot well be enabled to try their Title at Law to the said Estate, being sold by the said Trustees, the House w ill relieve them out of the Money arising by such Sale, or out of the Arrears still owing in Ireland, or otherwise, as the House shall think fit.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Trustees; and that they do examine the same, and state the Matters of Fact to this House;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

fp I, r , 1 T. f Sir Tho. I

i diets for the Yeas,) M|. . ' j 70.

Tellers for the Noes, f

' ( Mr. Price:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

43.

A Petition of John Grace, in relation to the forfeited Ditto Estates in Ireland, by him claimed, was offered to the House.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Petition be brought up;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas Sir BoZe 7

etteis for me ieas, Mr Sha: j 3/‘

Tellers for the Noes,[

So it passed in the Negative.

7

Ordered, That Leave he given to bring in a Bill, for Publirk the more orderly paying, and assigning, the Bankers Annuities. Annuities ot Three Pounds per Centum per Annum; and that Mr. Lowndes, and Mr. Ward do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

4 Z Ordered,

Licentiousness of the Press.

Encouraging

Manufac-

tures.

Parsing the Militia.

Supply Bill; Tax on Places and Pensions.

Earl of

itanelagh *

Accounts.

sex porting Bullion.

Insolvent Debtors.

Answer to

Address.

a6 — 5° Maftii. A. 1703.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, to prevent the Licentiousness of the Press was committed, be made upon Monday Morning next

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom -ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of England, and setting the Poor at Work.

Resolved, That this House will, ujvoti Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for raising the Militia for the Year 1/04, notwithstanding the Month's Pay, formerly ad- vanced, be not repaid.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for laying a further Tax upon Offices and Pensions, and for charging several Professions, towards raising of Money for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions, was committed, be made upon this Day Seven-night.

The House (according to Order) proceeded to take into Consideration the Replies of the Commissioners of Accounts to the Answers of the several Persons, named in the Report, and Observations, of the said Commissioners.

And the Answer of the Earl of Ranelagh, and the Reply thereunto, being read;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Replies be adjourned till Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Auditors of the Imprest do attend this House upon Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Objections of the Commissioners of Accounts to the declared Accounts of the Earl of lagh, to the Year 1692, be delivered to the Auditors of the Imprest.

Ordered, That the Earl of Ranelagh have a Copy of the Commissioners Reply to his Lordship's Answer.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, to restrain the Exportation of Silver and Gold to the East Indies, was committed, be made upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 3 die Martii;

Anno 2# Annas Regina.

Prayers.

SI R Mathew Dudley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill, for the Discharge of such insolvent Debtors, as shall serve in her Majesty's Fleet, or Army, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed, and the Residue agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Men, listed by virtue of the Act, should not be discharged, but by the Colonel.

And the same was once read, and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Speaker reported, that he, with the House, did Yesterday present their humble Address, of the 29th of February last, to her Majesty; and that thereupon her Majesty was pleased to give the gracious Answer following:

' Gentlemen,

THE great Marks of Trust and Confidence, which you have given me in this Address, are very acceptable to me. I thank you for your Advice, and shall constantly exercise my just Prerogative, for the Security and Satisfaction of my Subjects.

Resolved, That this House will celebrate her Majesty's Ilei- Majesty's Inauguration Day at the Church of St. Margarets, /Vest- u/blT'1

minster. celt-brated.

Ordered, That Francis Atterhury, Doctor in Divinity, Dr> Atter-be desired to preach before this House, at Margaret's, bury to Westminster, oil the 8th Day of March Instant, being preach, the Day of her Majesty's Inauguration; and that Mr.

Sharp and Mr. Brewer do acquaint him therewith.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers, and Mr.

Iliccocks:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Act Relief of for making good the Provision, intended for Captain Cap. Itocln James Rock, out of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, and for restoring to the Bishoprick of in the said

Kingdom, the Manor and I ands of Donomorc, without any Amendment:

Also, the Lords have agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Irish Act to enlarge the Time, for the Purchasers of the for- Forfeitures, felted Estates in Ireland to make the Payment of their Purchase Money without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House (according to Order) proceeded in the fur- Supply Bill; ther Consideration of the Report from the Committee of Duty on the whole House, to whom the Bill, for granting to her Majesty an additional Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, nes‘ for Three Years, and for laying a further Duty upon French Wines, condemned as lawful Prize, and for ascertaining the Values of unrated Goods, imported from the East Indies, was committed.

And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

And the Clause, relating to Tobaccocs, was, by Leave of the House, withdrawn; and another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, instead thereof.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks were filled up, and the Clause amended:

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,

For giving further Time for Payment of the Duties on Tobacco.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks were filled up, and the Clause amended:

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. 1/rwndes (according to Order) presented to the Public Ac House a Bill, for better charging several Accom plants with complains. Interest Monies by them received, and to be received.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Recruiting Committee of the whole House, to consider further of llie orce?-the Bill, for raising Recruits for the Land Fqrces, and for dispensing with Part of the Act for the Encouragement and Increase of Shipping and Navigation, during the present War.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered.

a Ann. 3 — 40 M. 367

Ordered \That the Report be made Tomorrow

Morning.

Punishing Resolved', That this House will, upon Monday Mom-

Mutiny iind ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Desertion. House, upon the Bill, for punishing Officers, and Soldiers, who shall mutiny, or desert her Majesty's Service, in England or Ireland, and for punishing false Musters, and for better Payment of Quarters in England, for the Year 1704.

Army Debts. Ordered, That the Reports from the Commissioners, appointed to take, examine, and determine, the Debts, due to the Army, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes, taken during the late War, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock. 1

Sabbati, 4° die Martii',

Anno 2° Ann® Regime.

Praters.

Army Dtbts. r« "'HE House proceeded to take into Consideration the JL Report of the Commissioners, appointed to take, examine, and determine, the Debts, due to the Army, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes, taken during the late War, upon the Petition of Francis Robinson, Esquire, Provost Marshal General of the Forces.

And the same was again read.

Ordered, That the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for punishing Officers, and Soldiers, who shall mutiny or desert her Majesty's Service in England or Ireland, and for punishing false Musters, and for better Payment of Quarters in England, for the Year 1704, was committed, have Power to receive a Clause, relating to the Debt to the said Francis Robinson, Esquire.

Pnl.iic Ac- A Bill, for better charging several Accomptants with cuujpiants.j Interest Monies by them received, and to be received, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ftt'stng the The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Militia. Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for raising the Militia for the Year 1704, notwithstanding the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Graham took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel Graham reported from the said Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Monday Morning next.

Queen Anne's Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, for making more linunty of effectual her Majesty's gracious Intentions for the Aug-

1 ina Fruits mentation of the Maintenance of the poor Clergy, by to Clergy. enabling her Majesty to grant, in Perpetuity, the Revenues of the First Fruits and Tenths, be read the Third time upon Monday Morning next.

Bilker's Mr. Tredenham reported from the Committee, td whom

claims. the Bill, for the further recompensing of John Baker, Gentleman, and his Family, for the Services of Colonel Baker at Londonderry, was committed; that they had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; but that they had left the Blank, for the Allowance to the said Mr. Baker, to be tilled up by the House: And he read the Amendment in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered ..... in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout; and the First Amendment,

Vol. 14-

being read a Second time, was, Upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Second Amendment being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the Bill be re-committed, upon the Debate of the House, to the same Committee.

An ingrossed Bill, for granting to her Majesty an act- Supply Bill; ditional Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, for Three Duty on Years, and for laying a further Duty upon French Wines, condemned as Idwful Prize, and for ascertaining the Values of unrated Goods, imported from the East Indies, was read the Third time.

And several Amendments being severally proposed to be made; vis.

Press 3. L. 14. After "levied" to insert "secured:"

Press 9. L. 21. After " made" to insert " and all other " Requisites performedand to leave out " Law," and insert " Laws" instead thereof.

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for granting to her Majesty an additional Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, for Three Years; and for laying a further Duty upon French Wines, condemned as lawful Prize; and for ascertaining the Values of unrated Goods, imported from the East Indies.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers, and Mr.

Hiccocks:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Act for Hawe's setting aside voluntary Settlements, made by John Hence, Estate. Gentleman, of Estates in the Counties of Stafford and Warwick, and settling some Part of his Estate upon the said John Haxce, and his Son, and for making Provision for the Maintenance of his Son and Daughter, and raising a Portion for such Daughter, and selling the Residue, for Payment of his Debts, without any Amendment:

Also, the I.ords have agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Importing Act for prolonging the Time, ... by an Act of Parlia- ‘brown bilk, ment, made in the First Year of her Majesty's Reign, for importing thrown Silk, of the Growth of from

Leghorn, without any Amendment:

Also, the Lords hare agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Tyrrill Act to vest the Manor of Hanslop and Castlethrvp, and Estate, all other the Lands and Hereditaments of Sir Peter Tyr-t'i/l, Baronet, and Thomas Tyrrill, Esquire, his Son, in the County of Bucks, in Trustees, to sell Part thereof, for Payment of Debts, and to settle other Lands and Hereditaments there, being of an equal Value, in lieu of the Lands to be sold, with some Amendments; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Dtgby'a Act for Sale of the Estate of John Digby, Esquire, de- Estate, ceased, in the County of Buckingham, and dividing the Money between Sir John Comcay, Baronet, and Richard Mostyn, Esquire, and for settling the Estate of Sir John Comcay, in the County of Flint, and making Provision for his Son and Daughter, according to an Agreement for that Purpose, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrewr.

The House (according to Order) resumed the further Earl of Consideration of the Replies of the Commissioners, for Itanel«gh's taking, examining, and stating the publick Accounts, Account , to the Answers of the Persons, named in their Report, and Observations.

And the House being informed, that Mr. Auditor Bridges attended; he was called in, and was, at the Bar, examined, touching several Items of the Accounts of the Earl of Ranelagh,late Paymaster of the Army.

And then he withdrew.

And the House being informed, that Mr.

Deputy to the late Auditor Dene,attended; lie was called 12 in

Resumption of Grunts.

Promissory

Notes.

Duties on Salt.

Recruiting the Forces.

Barbier's, &c, IN at.

568 40 — 6° Martii. . 1703.

in, and at the Bar also examined, touching the said Accounts.

And then he withdrew.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Replies, Report, and Observations, be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for resuming several Grants, made by the late King James, and by their late Majesties King William and Queen (of glorious

Memory), or by the said late King , was committed, be made upon this Day Seven-night.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for giving like Remedy, upon Notes, promising the Payment of Money, as is now upon Bills of Exchange.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for better securing and regulating the Duties upon Salt.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for raising Recruits for the Land Forces, and for dispensing with Part of the Act for the Encouragement and Increase of Shipping and Navigation, during the present War, was committed, be made upon 'Tuesdaynext, at Twelve a Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lunce, 6 die Martii;

Anno 2 Annac Regina.

Pravebs.

MR. Clark reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to naturalize Daniel Barbier, John Kerron du Chesne,

and others, was committed; that they had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read once throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, and are, as follow:

Press 2. L. 22. After " " insert, " Nicholas

" Budiani, Son of Aso Annaustus by Maura his

" Wife, born in the City of in the Kingdom of

" Hungary; John Maronne, Son of John by

" Magdalen his Wife, born in the Province of " in France;Henry Latane, Son of Henry Latane, by

" Anna his Wife, born in the Town of Touveins, in " France; Isaac Caillovel, Son of Isaac Cailtovell, by

" Alary his Wife, born at Rouen in Normandy, in France-,

" Lewis Dutot, Son of Nicholas Dutot, by Maty his Wife,

" born at CherbourgmNormandy, in France-, Bidot,

" Son of Peter Bidot, by Mary his Wife, born at -

" tacrj, in France; Mathew TSon of Peter " by Mary his Wife, born at in the Kingdom

" of France; Mathew Durousscau, Son of Peter " rousseau, by Frances his Wife, born in the City of " Mombron, in the Province of Angoumois; Peter Cotissi rat, Son of Elite Coussirat, by Susanna his Wife, born " at Oloron, in France;John Cumin, Son of John Cumin,

" by Kaih. his Wife, born in Rouen in Normandy, in " France -, AnniballRoussey, Son of Peter by

" Eliz. his Wife, born at Viganin Cevennes, in the Kingdom of France; Paul deBlosse Son of Solomon de B/os-

" set, by Ann his Wife, born at Longefon, in the Province " of Dauphine,in France; Peter Son of James

" Roussy, by Magdalena his Wife, born at Geneva."

L. 37. Leave out " John," and insert " Alexander."

Press 3. L. 3. After " BrossdrcF insert, " Nich.

" Budiani, John Maroone, Henry Latane, Isaac CaiUoveil, Lewis Dutot, Wm. Bidot, Testas, Mathezv

" Darousseau, Peter Coussirat, John Camin, Anniball

" Roussy, Paul de Blosset, Peter

Pr. 3. L. 16. Leave out "John," and insert " -

" under."

' L. 23. The same Amendment

Pr. 4. L. 10. The same Amendment.

Line 17. The same Amendment.

Ordered, That the Bill be read the Third time upon Thursday Morning next.

Colonel Graham (according to Order) reported from Raising the the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, Milnia. for raising the Militia for the Year 1704, notwithstanding the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, was committed, the Amendments, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of JHUiam Galloway, Clerk, late Chaplain Army Debts, to the Regiment commanded by Sir John Hanmer,

Brigadier, w as presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner served as Chaplain to the said Regiment in the Years 1689 and 1690, w hile the Petitioner went sick to Dublin; and the Petitioner expected to have received his full Arrears for that Time, he having constantly attended his Duty; but, by the Accounts transmitted from Ireland, he was unexpectedly, and by Mistake, as he conceives, respited I03/. of his personal Pav: And praying, that he may be relieved for his said Arrears, so respited by Mistake, as aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Commissioners, appointed to take, examine, and determine, the Debts, due to the Army, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes, taken during the late War; and that they do examine the same, and state the Matter of Fact to this House.

A Bill, for better charging several Accomptants with Public Ac-Interest Monies by them received, and to be received, was coinptant . read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Trcdcnham reported from the Committee to whom Bilker's the Bill, for the further recompensing of Baker, laI,ns-

Gentleman, and his Family, for the Services of Colonel Baker at Londonderry, was re-committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's 'Fable; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of several Clothiers, Wooll-combers, and Wearing others, concerned in the Woollen Manufacture in the printed Town and Borough of Cirencester, in the County of Callicne . Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the great Quantities of Callicoes imported from the East Indies, and printed, stained, and worn, here, are the Cause of a Decay of the Woollen Trade in general, and the Wooll-combing Employment in particular: And praying the Consideration of the House therein.

Ordered,


2 Ann. 6° — 70 Martii. 369

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of England, and setting the Poor at work, is committed.

Queen Anne's An ingfossed Bill, for the making more effectual her Bounty of Majesty's gracious Intentions for the Augmentation of toClet'U tS Maintenance of the poor Clergy, by enabling her

ergy Majesty to grant, in Perpetuity, the Revenues of the

First fruits and Tenths, was (according to Order) read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for the making more effectual her Majesty's gracious Intentions for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the poor Clergy, by enabling her Majesty to graut, in Perpetuity, the Revenues of the First fruits and Tenths, and also for enabling any other Person to make Grants for the same Purpose.

Ordered, That Mr. Bromley do Carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John,

and Mr. Rogers:

Mr. Speaker,

Lords desire The Lords desire this House to give Leave to Philip Leave for Papil/on, Esquire, a Member of this House, and some Members to Df the Commissioners, appointed by an Act of Parlia-atten t em. raen for taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom (being also Members of this House) to come to the Lords Committee, appointed to consider of the Report of the said Commissioners.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will send an Answer by Messengers of their own.

And the Messengers were called in again, and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Earl of The House (according to Order) resumed the further

Han«lagh's Consideration of the Replies of the Commissioners, for Account . taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts, and of their Reports, and Observations.

Resolved, That Richard Earl of Ranelagh, late Paymaster of the Forces, has not given a satisfactory Answer to that Part of the Report of the Commissioners, for taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts, which relates to his Lordship's Accounts.

The House being informed, that Mr. the Earl

of Ranelagh's Agent, attended; he was called in, and examined; and then withdrew.

Resolved, That Richard Earl of Ranelagh, late Paymaster of the Forces, in the Account by him delivered in to the Commissioners, for taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts, hath omitted to charge himself with divers considerable Sums, which he ought to be charged with; and pretends to discharge himself of divers other Sums, to a great Value, for which he hath produced no Vouchers to the said Commissioners.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that she will be pleased to direct an immediate and effectual Prosecution against Richard Earl of Ranelagh, late Paymaster of the Forces, to compel him to account, according to the Course of the Exchequer.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House, as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Remainder of the Accounts, not yet exhibited by the Earl of Ranelagh, be delivered in by him to the Auditors of the Imprest before Michaelmas next

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Replies of the Commissioners, for taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts, and of their Report, and Observations, be adjourned till Tomorrow, after the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for raising Recruits for the Land Forces, and for dispensing with Part of the Act for the Encouragement and Increase of Shipping and Navigation, during the present War, was committed.

Vo L. 14.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Licentious-whole House, to whom the Bill, to prevent the I.icen- of llje tiousness of the Press, was committed, be made upon 1 ress‘ Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Exporting whole House, to whom the Bill, to restrain the Exporta- bullion, tion of Silver and Gold to the East India's, was committed, be made upon Thursday Morning next.

Resolved\That this House w ill, upon Thursday Morn- Puhishing ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Mutiny and House, upon the Bill, for punishing Officers, and Soldiers, Desertion, who shall mutiny, or desert her Majesty's Service, in England, or Ireland, and for punishing false Musters, and for better Payment of Quarters in England, for the Year

1704.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Marlis, T die Martii j Anno 2 Annae Regina.

Pit AYERS.

AN ingrossed Bill, for raising the Militia for the Yeai Raising the One thousand Seven hundred and Four, notwitlw Militia, standing the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be.

An Act for raising the Militia for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Four, notwithstanding the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, , be not repaid.

Ordered, That Colonel Graham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Sir Mathew Dudlci/ reported from the Committee, to interest on whom the Consideration of the Petition of several Pro- Lottery prietors of the Benefit Malt Lottery Tickets, in behalf of Ticket , themselves and other Proprietors thereof, was referred, and to report the Matter of Fact to the House, the Matter, as it appeared to them, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is, as lolloweth; viz.

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Petition, and do find, that most of th s said benefited Tickets were issued for the several publick Services in the Years 1697 and 1698, as full Money.

That by the Act of the 8th and 9th of his late Majesty King William (by virtue whereof the same were issued) it was provided, that, if all the Monies, arising by the Duties of Malt, Sic. thereby granted, should not amount, to so much, as would be sufficient to pay off all the said Tickets, the Deficiency should be made good out of the first Vid to be granted by Parliament after the said 29th Day of September, 1699; which was the Time limited by the said Act for Payment of the Whole.

That by an Act of the 10th and 1 ith Years of his said late Majesty, the Interest on the Blank Tickets was doubled from the 25th of March, 1699.

That by an Act, made in the First Year of her present Majesty Queen Anne, Provision is made for Payment of all the Blanks and Benefits; but the same does not commence till the 1st of August, 1706, and is continued till the Year 1710; so that the said Benefit Tickets have been already Four Years and an Half deficient, and without Interest ever since the 24th of June, 1697, which is near Seven Years, and will be about Two Years and an Half more, before any of them will be paid; and the same being payable in Course with the Blanks, it will be near Seven Years still, before some of them will come in Course of Payment.

That the Total of the said benefited Tickets were 48,800l. of which 18,565/. still remains unpaid: That, notwithstanding the same have been so long deficient, and

5, A will

TyrelFs

Estate.

Recruiting the Forces.

370 76 Martiu . 1703.

will still be a considerable Time, before they become payable, they cany no Interest at all.

That there is in the Exchequer the Sum of 10,174/.

15 s. ,5 \d.which arose by the Duties on Malt, granted by the first-mentioned Act for Payment of the said Tickets; but the same, not being sufficient to make an intire Payment, lies dead, and cannot be any ways applied, without Direction of Parliament.

That the same is sufficient to pay a like Interest on the said deficient benefited Tickets, as there is on the Blanks, from the Time the same became deficient, until the Fund, which is appropriated to pay the same, commences.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled,

An Act to vest the Manor of and

and all other the Lands and Hereditaments of Sir Peter

Tyrrell, Baronet, and Tlw. Tyrrell, Esquire, his Son, in the County of Bucks, in Trustees, to sell Part thereof, for Payment of Debts, and to settle other Lands and Hereditaments there, being of an equal Value, in lieu of the Lands to be sold.

And the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are, as follow; viz.

Press 11. L. 21. After "Title and Interest' insert,

" which they, or any of them, have, or may have or " claim."

At the End of the Bill add, " Saving also to the " Mayor, Sheriffs, Citizens, and Commonalty, of the " City of Lincoln, all such Estate, Right, Title, and " Interest, which they have, or may claim, of, in, to,

" or out of, the Premises, as if this Act had never been " made."

At the End of the Schedule add " one Judgment to " Joseph Parrott, of Hanslopp, Butcher, of 2001, for the " Payment of 100l.

Ordered, That the Lord William Pozclett do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Mr. Lozntdes reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for raising Recruits for the Land Forces, and for dispensing with Part of the Act for the Encouragement and Increase of Shipping and Navigation, during the present War, w'as committed, the Amendments, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout.

And the First Amendment being read a Second time; viz.

Folio 1. L. 11. To fill the Blank with " the Justices of "the Peace of every County and Riding within this 41 Realm, or any Three or more of them, as also th®

" Mayor, or head Officer or Officers, of every City, or " Town corporate, within this Realm, having Justices " of the Peace, together with any two or more Justices " of the Peace of the same City, or Town corporate,

" respectively, or, in Default of such Justices, then with " Two or more Justices of the Peace of the County,

" wherein the said City, or Town, is;"

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be re-committed;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers'for the Y { 1 " } 65.

Teuers for the Noes, {£

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Amendment, and the 2d and 3d Amendments, made by the Committee to the Bill (which were also severally read a Second time) were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Fourth Amendment being read a Second time; Fol. 2. L. 5. to leave out " so many Men," and insert " such able-bodied Men, as have not any lawful " Calling or Employment, or visible Means for their " Maintenance and Livelihood

An Amendment was proposed to be made, by inserting, after " Livelihood," " and are liable to be sent to the " House of Correction."

And the Question being put, That the said Words be inserted;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas, G'S'm' \ 56-

Tellers for the Noes ' MnHolbn \ ' °6'

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Amendment, made by the said Committee.

The other Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House. '

A Proviso w as offered to be added to the Bill, That the Justices of the Peace, and other Persons, shall not be prosecuted for not executing the Powers to them given by the said Act.

And the Proviso was once read.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That, in case of the Death, Sickness, or Desertion, of the Ship's Company, being English, whereby the Master may be forced to bring Home more Foreigners, than the Act allows of, the Ship and Cargo shall not be forfeited.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That no military Officer, being a Justice of the Peace, of Magistrate (except of the Militia) shall execute any of the Powers, given by the Act to the Justices, or Magistrates.

And the same was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That, if the Seamen shall be impressed #

And the same was once read.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers so,-the } 42.

Tellers for tire Noes| ;"f' } 66.

So it passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for Ships to be allowed for the Coal Trade.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up;

The House divided;

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

So it passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Act shall not extend to the taking any Person, to serve as a Soldier, who hath any Vote in the Election of any Member to serve in Parliament.

And the same was twice read, and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another

Sir Brian Stapleton,) ,

Mr. Lamplugh: j Mr. Gregory, \

Mr. Gulston: S ‘

firarfiber lllcc lion

Earl of (Morel's Accounts.

Army Debts.

Promissory

ftotes.

Duties on Salt.

Insolvent Debtors.

Dr.Atterbury

thanked.

Claims on Irish Forfeitures.

3 Ann.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, For the encouraging the taking Men of War, and Privateers.

And the same was once read.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

371

Father's Counsel, of the said Settlement, has no Provision made for him by his said Father: And praying Relief out of the Purchase-money of the said Estate, or out of the Arrears, lately reported to be still owing.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Trustees; and that they do examine the same, and state the Matter of Fact to this House.

Ordered, That the said Trustees do make their said Report upon Saturday Morning next.

70 — 90 Martii.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of Bramber, in the County of Sussex, be made upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the adjourned Consideration of the Replies of the Commissioners, for taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts, and of their Report, and Observations, be further adjourned till Thursday Aloming next.

Ordered, That the Reports of the Commissioners, appointed to take, examine, and determine, the Debts, due to the Army, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes, taken during the late War, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday Morning next; and that the said Commissioners do then attend this House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for giving like Remedy upon Notes, promising the Payment of Money, as is now upon Bills of Exchange.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for the better securing and regulating the Duties upon Salt.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning next, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 9° die

Anno 3° Annas Regina.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill, for Discharge of such insolvent Debtors, as shall serve in her Majesty's Fleet, or Army, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for the Discharge out of Prison such insolvent Debtors, as shall serve, or procure a Person to serve, in her Majesty's Fleet, or Army.

Ordered, That Sir Matthew Dudley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to Doctor Francis Attcrbury, for the Sermon by him preached before this House Yesterday, at St.

Westminster; and that he be desired to print the same; and that Mr. Brewer and Mr. Sharpe do acquaint him therewith.

A Petition of Robert Leigh, eldest Son and Heir of Francis Leigh, late deceased, w as offered to the House. Resolved, That the Petition be brought up.

The Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner's said Father, having been informed by Counsel, that by his Marriage Settlement he was barely Tenant for Life, with Remainder to his eldest Son, did in his Life-time, before lie became outlawed, distribute all his personal Estate amongst his other Children: That the late Trustees of the Irish Forfeitures, having a contrary Opinion of the said Settlement, adjudged, that the said Francis was thereby seised in Fee, and consequently forfeited the whole Estate: That he is descended of an ancient English Family, and, through this Misjudgraent, blade by his Vol, 14.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, for raising Recruits Recruiting for the Land-Forces, and for dispensing with Part of the the Forces-Act for the Encouragement and Increase of Shipping and Navigation, during the present War, be read the Third time Tomorrow, at One a Clock.

Air. Lowndes (according to Order) presented to the Publick House a Bill, for the better and more regular paying, and Annuities assigning, the Annuities, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Cent, per Annum, payable to the several Bankers, and other Patentees, or those claiming undei; them; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Adorning.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir and

Air. Rogers:

Air. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Evelyn's to enable George Evelyn, Esquire, to raise Portions for Estate, his Brothers and Sisters, according to his Father's Will, with some Amendments; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Golden Star Act, that the Ships the Golden Star and Bull, being taken and Bull as Prizes, and condemned, may have Freedom of trading Slllps as English Ships, without any Amendments:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Cotton's Act for enabling Bernard Cotton, Esquire, to sell some Estate. Part of his Estate, for Payment of his Debts, and for confirming several Conveyances, already made, of several other Parcels of his Estate, by himself and Trustees, to several Purchasers thereof, without any Amendments:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill; intituled, An Cowper's Act to enable Sir John Cowper, Knight, and Anthony sUle" Henley, Esquire, to make a Partition, and grant building Leases, of several Alessuages and Tenements in Lincoln's Inn Fields, in the Parishes of St. Giles in the Fields and St. Clement Danes, in the County of Middlesex, with some Amendments; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Publick Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for better Accompt-charging several Accomptants with Interest-monies by ants them received, and to be received.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Lownds took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Lownds reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to direct the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Aloming.

Air. Secretary Hedges reported to the House, that their Answer to Address having been presented to her Majesty, That she Address, would be pleased to direct an immediate and effectual Prosecution against Richard Earl of Ranclagh, late Paymaster of the Forces, to compel him to account, according to the Course of the Exchequer; her Majesty had given the necessary Directions for the said Prosecution, as desired.

The House (according to Order) resumed the further Earl of Consideration of the Replies of the Commissioners, for Orford's taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts, and Accounts.

of

V

Barbier's, See, NaU

Licentiousness of the Preis.

Exporting

Bullion.

Punishing Mutiny and Desertion.

Army

Debts.

Public Ac-comptants.

Coke's

Estate.

37$ 9° — 10° 1703.

of the Answer of the Earl of late Paymaster of the Navy.

And the said Commissioners Re [fly thereunto were read.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Replies, Report, and Observations, be adjourned till Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That some of the Commissioners of the Navy Board do then attend this House.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to naturalize Daniel , John

chi Chesne, and others, be read the Third time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, to prevent the Licentiousness of the Press, was committed, be made upon Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, to restrain the Exportation of Silver and Gold to the East India's, was committed, be made upon Saturday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for punishing Officers, and Soldiers, who shall mutiny, or desert her Majesty's Service, in England, or Ireland, and for punishing false Musters, and for Payment of Quarters in England, for the Year 1704.

Ordered, That the Reports from the Commissioners, appointed to take, examine, and determine, the Debts, due to the Army, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes, taken during the late War, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning; and that the said Commissioners do then attend this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 10° Martii;

Anno 30 Ann® Regina.

Prayers.

MR. Lowndes (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for better charging.several Accomptants with Interest-monies by them received, and to be received, "was committed, the Amendments, which they had directed him to re|K>rt to the House; which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, a'nd afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That all the Payments, made at the Exchequer, for Salaries, and incident Charges, of the Five Commissioners of Accounts for the Army, shall be taken, without any Account, or Imprest to be set upon them.

And the same was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John and Mr. Roger's:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to subject the Estate of Robert Coke, of in the County of Derby, Esquire, and Coke, his Son, and

-Heir apparent, to the Payment of the said Robert Coke's Debts, and to make Provision for the Wife and younger Children of the said William Coke, with some Amend-

ments; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Briscres Act for the Improvement of the Estate of John Briscoe, Estate Esquire, in the County of Cumberland, with some Amendments; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House (according to Order) proceeded to take Army into Consideration the Reports of the Commissioners, Debt#, appointed to take, examine, and determine, the Debts, due to the Army, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes, taken during the late War.

And the Report, relating to John Bingham, Esquire, and Katherine Dunbar, Widow and Relict of Dunbar, Esquire, jointly concerned in furnishing and providing Horses, Carriages, See. for the Train of Artillery in Ireland, was again read.

The Report, upon the Petition of the Officers of the English and Dutch Trains of Artillery, was again read.

A Petition of William Taylor, Gentleman, Surveyor, Ditto. George Snow, Gentleman, Clerk of the Beds, and Ordiarne, Butler, of their late Majesties marching Hospital, established for the Reduction of Ireland, Anno 1C90, -was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners, having his late Majesty's King William's Commission for their Offices, and had established for their Pay, viz. William Taylor 6 s. per Diem, George Snow 4$. per Diem, and Gregory Odierne 3 s. per Diem; and, before

their going into Ireland, severally received two Months Pay: That they continued in their Employments till the breaking the Establishment, and received no more than 14 Days Pay: And praying, that their Pay may be certified by the Commissioners of Accounts, and be relieved.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Commissioners, appointed to take, examine, and determine, the Debts, due to the Army, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes, taken during the late War; and that they do examine the same, and state the Matter of Fact to this House.

Then the House being informed, that the Commissioners, Ditto, appointed to take, examine, and determine, the Debts, due to the Army, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes, taken during the late War, attended (according to Order) they were called in, and, at the Bar, were asked several Questions, in relation to the Matters of their Reports, touching the said John and

Katherine Dunbar, and of the Officers of the English and Dutch Trains of Artillery, and also with relation to the Accounts of Colonel Windham, and Colonel Byerly.

And afterwards the said Commissioners presented to the House their Reports, upon the Petitions of Colonel John Mitchelburne, and of William Clerk.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Reports were read, and are, as follow:

In Obedience to an Order of Reference from this honourable House, dated the 2d Instant, upon the Petition of Colonel John Michelburne, late Governor of Londonderry, we humbly report, as follows:

T, II AT the Petitioner, on the 5th of February, 1688, was made Major of Colonel Skijfinton's Regiment by the Prince of Orange, and the 1 oth of March following, Colonel of the same: That the said Regiment was in Londonderry, during the Siege; and that, upon the Death of Colonel Baker, he is said to have been chosen as Governor, with Mr. Walker, and upon the 3d of August,

1689, had a Warrant from Major-general Kirlt, appointing him Governor; but there was no Establishment of Pay for these Forces in Ireland, till the first of January,

1689; since which Time that Regiment hath been cleared.

And therefore is humbly submitted.

In

Carcent Garden, March ‘Jth, 170 *

Tho. Lister, Geo. Langton-

3 ANN.

in Obedience to ad Order of Reference from this honourable House, dated the 6th Instant, upon the Petition of William , Clerk, we humbly

report, as follows:

THAT the Petitioner served as Chaplain in Sir John tlanmer'sRegiment, from the 1st of September, 1689, to the 5th of April, 1691; and in the Account laid before us by the Agenl of that Regiment, is changed with Respits, to the Sum of One hundred and Three Pounds; land no Objection being made to us against it, the same was passed accordingly. We have received a Certificate from Colonel Irby Montague, the 7th Instant, attested upon Oath, that the said Petitioner constantly attended his Duty, and, to the best of his Knowledge, he had no Cheque, but received Money upon Account, as the rest Of the Officers did.

All which is humbly submitted.

Covent Garden, March S. Atkins,

gth March, 170$. Geo. '

Tho. Lister.

Ordered, That the said Reports do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

kramber Colonel Bierly (according to Order) reported from the Election. Committee of Privileges ana Elections, the Matter, as it Appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of Bramber,in the County of Sussex, and the Resolution of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is, as followeth:

Upon the Petition of Thomas Lord ViscoUnt

of the Kingdom of complaining of an undue

Election and Return of Samuel Esquire,

to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Bramber, in the County of Sussex:

That the Petitioners Counsel opened the Right of Election (as it was agreed by Counsel on both Sides, upon the former hearing on his Lordship's Petition this -Session) to be in the Persons inhabiting in ancient Houses, or in Houses built on ancient Foundations, paying Scotland Lot: And the Right was not controverted by the Sitting Member s Counsel.

Upon the Poll, there was,

For the Sitting Member, - - - 18.

For the Petitioner, ----- 14.

That the Petitioner's Counsel alleged, that they would prove indirect Practices on the Sitting Member; and that some, who polled for the Sitting Member, were not qualified to vote.

To prove indirect Practices, the Petitioner's Counsel called Mr. Wm. Clifton; who spoke to Offers made by the Sitting Member before the former Election.

Edward Winter, Tho. Constable, John Bishop, John Gardner, John Morris, David Foster, were also called, to prove indirect Practices.

The first spoke to Money, offered by Air. Owen, junior, in case Mr. Sambrooke should be elected.

The other Witnesses spake to what they had heard from some Persons, who voted for the Petitioner.

That afterwards, the Petitioner's Counsel proceeded to their Exceptions to those who voted for the Sitting Member: And the Persons excepted to, were Thomas Churcher, senior, Richard Wase, Edward Budd, Thomas Churcher, junior.

That, to disqualify whom, the Petitioner's Counsel called Tho. Constable, Edw. Benton, Jerorn May; who said, that Thomas Churcher, senior, lived in a House, where formerly stood a Smith's Forge:

That Richard Wase lived in a House, where formerly stood a Malt-house:

That Edward Budd lived in a House, which was for-

merly a Tan-yard:

That Thomas Churcher, junior, lived in a split House,

begun to be built in the Year 1695, and finished in the Year 1696; and that Sharpe the Constable, who lived in the other Part of the same House, did likewise vote for Vol. 14.

375

the SittingMember; whereby there were Two Votes for

ohe and the same House.

That, to answer which Objections, the Counsel for the Sitting Member called Mr. John Sturt-, who sa 6» that the Houses, Thomas Churcher, senior, and Edward Budd, dwelt in, had been Dwelling-lion568 for several Years, the latest for at least 14 or 15 Yea1/5 and had voted in Elections, till the Year 1700, without being questioned.

That young Churcher and Sharpe lived in Two distinct Tenements, and paid Two several Quit-rents.

Then the Counsel for the Sitting Member, to prove illegal and corrupt Practices against the Petitioner, called Mr. John Sturt, Jos. Hobtrough; who gave an Account, that Jos. Hobtrough was threatened by the Petitioner, to be put out of his House, if he did hot vote, as the other Tenants did. That Hobtrough voted for the Sitting Member, and afterwards was arrested, at tlife Petitioner's Sujt, upon a Writ, sued out by one Mr. Pyke, an Attorney, after he was summoned to attend the Committee.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to this Resolution:

.. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Samuel Sambrooke, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgees, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Bramber, in the County of Sussex.

The said Resolution being read a Second time}

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That Samuel Sambrooke,

Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Bramber, in the County of Sussex.

A Complaint was made to the House, of Two printed Complaint Books; the one intituled, " Second Thoughts concerning a&a‘n8t "human Soul; demonstrating the Notion of human publications. " Soul, as believed to be a spiritual immortal Substance,

" united to human Body, to be a plain heathenish " Invention, and not consonant to the Principles of " Philosophy, Reason, or Religion;" the other, " The " grand Essay; or, A Vindication of Reason and Religion " against Impostures of Philosophy, &c."

Which Books w ere brought up to the Table, and some Parts of them read.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to examine the said Books, and collect thereout such Farts thereof, as are offensive; and to examine, who is the Author,

Printer, and Publisher, thereof.

And itis referred to SnDudly Cidlum, Colonel Stringer,

Mr. Bromley, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Mr. Lownds,

Mr. Topham, Mr. Smith, Sir Math. Dudly, Mr. Colcher,

Mr. Annesley, Mr. How, Mr. Sambrooke, Sir WWhitlock, Mr. Fagg, Mr. Monckton, Sir John Holland, Mr.

Boyle, Mr. St. John, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer,

Mr. Moor, Mr. Sharp, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Crawford, Mr.

Harley, Sir Jerv. Elwes: And they are to meet this Afternoon,' at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers; and they have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill, for the better and more regular paying, and Publick assigning, the Annuities, after the Rate of Three Pounds Annuities, per Centum per Annum, payable to several Bankers, and other Patentees, or those claiming under them, was (according to Order) read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lowndes,

Mr. Clerk, Mr. Sniith, Mr. Johnson, Sir Chr. Musgrave,

Mr. Clayton, Mr. Hamond, Mr. Ward, Sir Wm.

Sir Robert Dovers, Lord Wm. Pawlett, Mr. Monson, Mr.

Pagett, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Moor, Sir Francis Child, Mr.

Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Sheppard, Lord Orery,

Sir Wm. Drake, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Dashwood, Sir Gcdjry Copley, Mr. Heron, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Blofeild, Air.

Stringer, Sir John Mordent, Sir iVm.Whitlock, Mr. Fagg,

Mr. Freeman, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Fleming: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber

5 B Ordered,

374 i o° — i i°Martii, .1703

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com , Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Onslow do carry the Dill to mittee, that they do make Provision, for preserving the the Lords, and acquaint them, that, this House hath Rights of all Feme Coverts. agreed to the said Amendments.

Recruiting An ingrossed Bill, for raising Recruits for the Land

the Forces. Forces, and for dispensing with Part of the Act for the

Encouragement and I ncrease of Shipping and Navigation,

' during the present War, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause 'was'offered, as a Rider, That #

And the same was thrice read, and amended; and, upon the Question put' thereupon, agreed unto by the

' House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; V

u Pf: h 3$. To leave out "a," and insert " the"

instead thereof. ‘

Pr. last; L. 14. To leave out " or," and insert " and"

instead thereof.

«' '' 1 Lllast but two, The same Amendment.

And the same were, upon the Question severally put ' thereupon, agreed' unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

- And d'Motidir being riiade,' and the Question being put. That die' Bill do pass:' ' '

1 The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yew, }«

TellersfortoNces, ]}£;££ } 49-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Title be, An Act for raising Recruits for the Land Forces and Marines, and for dispensing with Part of the Act for the Encouragement and Increase of 'Shipping hnd Navigation, during the present War.

Ordered, That Mr. Lowndes do carry the Bill to the Lords,1 and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Promissory Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom-Notes. ing next, ‘ resolve itself into a Committee'of the whole Housed upon the Bill, for giving like Remedy upon Notes, promising the Payment of Money, as is now upon Bilb of Exchange.' 1 '

Duties on Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, at Salt. Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon' the Bill, for better securing and regulating the Duties upon Salt.

Punishing Resolved, That the House will, Tomorrow Morning, Mutiny and resolve itself into a'Comrriittee of the whole House, upon Desertion. The Bill, for punishing Officers and Soldiers, who shall ihutiny, or desert'her Majesty's Service, in England or Ireland, and for punishing false Musters, and for better Payment of'Quarters Iri England, for' the Year One thousand Sfeveri hundred arid Four.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sahhati, 11® die;

Anno 3 Ann®

Praters.

Evelyn's HT'HE House proceeded to take into Consideration the Estate. JL Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable George , Esquire, to

raise Portions for his. Brothers and Sisters, according to his Father's Will.

And the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, arid are, as follow:

7 Pr. 2 L. After " present" insert " Act of."

8 Pr. li L. After "some" insert "for the."

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Cowper'a Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Estate , Act to enable Sir John Ccruper, Knight, and Anthony Henley, Esquire, to make a Partition, and grant building Leases, of several Messuages and Tenements in Lincolns Inn Fields, in the Parishes of St. Giles in the Fields and St. Clement Danes, in the County of

And the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, and are, as follpw:

7 Pr. 13 L. After " said" add " Sir."

11 Pr. 24 L. After " Leases," add Clause, marked X.

" Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority " aforesaid, That the said Henry Sawyer, Edward Tregenna,

" Thomas Bromefeild, and John Hailey, or the Survivors,

" or Survivor, of them, shall not make and execute any " Partition or Division whatsoever of the said Eight " Messuages, with the Appurtenances, herein before " particularly mentioned, which they the said Sir John " Confer and Anthony Henley, held by undivided Moieties,

" and in common betw;een them, as aforesaid, without " the mutual and joint Approbation and Consent of " them the said Sir John Cowperand Anthony Henley,

" in Writing, under their respective Hands and Spals,

" testified by Two or more credible Witnesses at the " time of making and executing of such Partition or " Division; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding."

Ordered, That Mr. Hungerford do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Coke's Amendment, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, Estate.

An Act to subject the Estate of Robert Coke, of in the County of Derby, Esquire, and William Coke, his Son, and Heir apparent, to the Payment of the said Robert Coke's Debts, and to make Provision for the Wife and younger Children of the said William Coke.

And the Amendment was once read, and then a Second time, and agreed unto by the House, and is, as follows:

6 Pr. 4 L. Instead of " next," read " which shall be " in the Year of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred " and Four."

Ordered, That Mr. Harpur do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that thb House hath agreed to the said Amendment.

Sir Godfry Copley, from the Commbsioners for taking: Irish For-examining, and stating, the publick Accounts, presented f<iture to the House their Report upon the Report ana Account of the Trustees for Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, and upon the Report of the Commissioners of Enquiry into those Estates.

And the Title thereof was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Resolved, That the House do now proceed upon the Earl of adjourned Consideration of the Replies of the Cotnmb- Oriord's Ac-sioners for taking, examining, and stating, the publick counU Accounts, and of their Report, and Observations.

The House accordingly resumed the said adjourned Consideration.

And the Instructions for the Navy were produced; and the Four first additional Instructions, relating to the Treasurer of the Navy, were read.

And the House being informed, that some of the' Commissioners of the Navy attended, according to Order; viz. Mr. Lyddall, Mr, Toilet, and Mr. Furzerthey were ordered to be called in; and then the several Questions', to be asked thgm, were settled.

6 And

3 Ann.

ti — -13® Maftii.

375

And they were called in to the Bar, 'and asked those Questions; to which they gave their Answers.

And then they withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Commissioners be discKkrged of their further Attendance.

Then a Motion being made; and the Question being put, That the Neglects and Delays of the late Treasurer of the Navy, in making up his1 Accounts, has rendered the examining and passing the said Accounts viry difficult, and may be of great Loss to the Publick';

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas, Tellers for the Noes

Mr. Take: '(Mr. M

n Stapleton,

6o

57-

Resumption of Grants

Licentious-ntss of the Press

Exporting

Bullion.

Punishing Mutiny and Desertion.

Irish Forfeitures

Complaint

against

irreligious

Publications.

Publick

-Annuities.

["Sir William

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the suffering of Imprests to stand out several Years uncleared, without Prosecution in the Exchequer, tends to the Damage of the Publick.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of Ihd 'Replies of the Commissioners of Accounts, and of their Report, and Observations, be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of she whole House, to whom the Bill, for resinning several Grants, made by the late King James, and by their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary (of glorious Memory) or by the said'late King William, was committed, be made upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whotn the Bill, to prevent the Licentiousness of the Press, was commited, be1 made upon Monday Moming next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, to restrain the Exportation of Silverand Gold to the East India's, was committed, be made upon Tuesday Morning next.

Resolved, That tills House will, upon Monday Mpming next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for punishing Officers, and Soldiers, who shall mutiny, or desert her Majesty's Service, in Eitglaiid or Ireland, and for punishing false Musters, tmd for better Payment of Quarters in England, for the Year one thousand Seven Hundred and Four.

Ordered, That the Trustees, for Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, do make their Report upon the Petition of Robert Leigh, upon Monday Morning next;' and that the said Trustees do then attend this Hose.

Ordered, That Sir Fran, Massam, Mr. Monson, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Blo Mr. Ward, be added to the Committee, appointed to examine, and report, what is offensive in die Two printed Books, intituled,

" Second Thoughts concerning human Soul," and, " The " grand Essay."

And then the House adjourned till Monday [a] Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna, IS dMartii;

Amo 3 Annae Regina.

Praters.

£\RDERED, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill, for the better and mote tegular paying, and assigning, the Annuities, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Cent, per Annum, payable to several Bankers, and other Patentees, or those claiming under diem, was committed, be made Tomorrow Morning.

[a] The Word " To-morow" is by Mistake' wrote in the Journal, instead of " Monday," as appears from the printed Votes.

Vol. 14.

Sir Matthew Dudley reported from the Committee, to Fermor's whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Kslate

Act for setting aside a voluntary Settlement, made by ' Mary Fermor, Wiclow, and for ratifying a Partition, made of the Manors of Mersham and Pctt, and; (fivers Lands in the County of Sussex, between her, and Bartholomew ' Walmesly, Esquire, and ethers, was committed; that they bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of thp Committee; and that the Committee bad directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the same in fit the Clerk's Table.

Sir Cyril Wych,.from the Trustees for Sale of the for- Irish Forfeited Estates in Ireland, presented to the House their feitures. Report upon the Petition of Margaret and Mary Molloy, and also upon the Petition of Robert Leigh, eldest Son and Heir of Francis Leigh late deceased. -v

And foe Tides thereof were read. \

Ordered, That the said Reports do He upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

' j . - . ' . t i» r

The Order of the Day being re d, for the ttquse to Punishing resolve itself into a Committee, upon the Bill, for punishing Mutiny and Officers, and Soldiers, who shall mutiny, ,qr deseft her desertion. Majesty's Service, in England or Ireland, and for punching false \ uster , and for better Payment of Quartern in England, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Four;.

Ordered, That Leave be given to offer to the said Committee a Clause, for the making out a Debenture to William Galloway, Clerk, for the . Pay due to him, as Chaplain to Brigadier Sir John Hamner's Regiment. ...,

Ordered, That Leave be given,to offer to the said Committee a Clause, for the making out Pebenture for the Money due to John Bingham, Esquire, and Dunbar, for furnishing and providing Horses, Carriages,

&c., for the Train of Artillery in Ireland,

Ordered, That Leave be given to offer., to the said Committee a Clause, for the making out Debentures for the Remainder of the Debt, due to the several Queers and Attendants on the English and Dutch , Trains of Artillery, employed in the Reduction tflrelaryjL,

Then the House (according to Order) resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Lownds took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. , - ,f

Mr. Lownds reported from the said Committee, the

they bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed! him. to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Wednesday Morning next.

Colonel Byerhf, from the Commissioners for taking the Irish For-publick Accounts, acquainted the House, that, there;was feitures,. a Mistake in their Report, touching the forfeited Estates in Ireland; and desired, that he might have Leave to withdraw it, and present another....

And the House gave Leave accordingly. ....

And be presented another Report to the House, in the Room thereof.

.,. \.i

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Promissory Morning next, resolve itfrlf into a Committee of the Notes, whole House, upon the Bill, for giving like. Remedy uppp Notes, promising the Payment of Money, as is now upon Bills of Exchange.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Duties on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Salt, the Bill, for better securing and regulating the Duties upon Salt

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Licentious-the whole House, to whom the Bill, to prevent the "css of l,‘

Licentiousnes> re8s

Complaint

against

irreligious

Publications.

Bakers

Claims.

Irish For feituies.

Vt Haut's, Uc. Nat.

Raising the Militia.

QueenAnne's Bounty of First Fruits to Clergy.

Irish For fsiturrs.

376

13' — 14° Martin

A. 1 703.

Licentlousrfess of the Press, was cottimitted, be ttiade Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Lawson, Mr. Trcdenham, Mr. Piggott, Mr. Harper, Mr. La, Mr. , Sir

Humph. Mackworth, be added to the Committee, ap-

pointed to examine into Two Books; One, intituled,. " Second Thoughts concerning human Soul," &c. the other, " The grand Essay," &c.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mart is, 14 die Martii;

Anno 3 Annee Regina.

pRAtEtt t

AN ingroSsed Bill, For the further recompensing of John Baker, Gentleman, and his family, for the Services of Coldhel Baker, at Londonderry, was read the

Third time.

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Debate be adjourned;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas, } 5>-

Tellers for the Noes, $ Bncamn, J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the said Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, after the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for punishing Officers, and Soldiers, who shall mutiny or desert her Majesty's Service, in England or Ireland, and for punishing false Musters, and for better Payment of Quarters in England, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Four, was committed.

Ordered, That the Trustees, for Sale of the forfeited Estates in Inland, do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, after the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for punishing Officers, and Soldiers, who shall mutiny, or desert her Majesty's Service, in England or Ireland, and for punishing false Musters, and for better Payment of Quarters in England, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Four, was committed.

Ordered, That the Reports from the said Trustees, which have not yet been read, be read Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford, and Mr Rogers:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Henry de Haul, George Chabot, and others; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House;

Also, the Lords have agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Act for raising the Militia for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Four, notwithstanding the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, without any Amendments.

And also to a Bill, intituled, An Act for making more effectual her Majesty's gracious Intentions for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the poor Clergy, by enabling her Majesty to grant, in Perpetuity, the Revenues of the First fruits and Tenths, and also for enabling all other Persons to make Grants, for the same Purpose, without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of Let lice Grace was offered to the House. Ordered, That the Petition be brought up:

88.

38-

And it was sb;

And the Question being ptit, That the Petition be read;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth: ,

Tellers for the Yeas,gj; }

Tellers for the Noes,gjj; 'Tndaham t }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Petition was read; setting forth, that John Gracd, the Petitioner's Husband, having recovered a considerable Estate out of the King's Hands, by his Petition of Right, in the Year 1695$ the Petitioner's Father gave her to him in Marriage, with 1,000 /. Portion; in consideration whereof, John settled a Jointure, of 300l. per Annum upon the Petitioner, with Provision for the Children of that Marriage, which are Six in Number, the eldest not Seven Years old: That the Trustees have pronounced a Decree against the Petitioner's Husband, rendering the said Settlement fruitless: And praying, some Provision may be made for her, and her Children, out of the Money arising by Sale of the said Estate, or out of the Arrears, reported by the Trustees to be owing in Ireland, or in such manner, as shall be thought fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition. be referred to the said Trustees for Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland; and that they do examine the same, and state the Matter of Fact to this House.

The House (according to Order) resumed the adjourned Mayne's anJ Consideration of the Replies of the Commissioners for taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, and of their Report, and Observations.

And l he Answer of SimonAlayne, Esquire, one of the late Commissioners of Victualling, and also the Answer of Philip Papillon, Esquire, late Cashier of the Victual-

ling, to so much of the Report, and Observations, of the said Commissioners, as relates to them, were severally read.

Resolved, That the late Commissioners of the Victualling, in neglecting to keep regular Accounts in their Office, in making out perfect Bills, to clear Imprests without Vouchers, in not keeping a regular Course in the Payment of their Bills, and not making regular Assignments thereof, have been guilty of a Breach of Trust, and have acted contrary to their Instructions.

Resolved, That Philip Papillon, Esquire, late Cashier of the Victualling, has been guilty of a Breach of his Instructions, by paying several Bills, without being signed by Three of the Commissioners for Victualling.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that she will be pleased to direct an immediate and effectual Prosecution against Phillip Papillon,

Esquire, late Cashier of the Victualling, to compel him to account, according to the Course of the Exchequer.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty, by such Members of this House, as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Replies,

Reports, and Observations, of the said Commissioners, be adjourned till Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Exporting whole House, to whom the Bill, to restrain the Exporta- Bullion, tion of Silver and Gold to the East I,was committed, be made upon Thursday Morning next

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Publick w'hom the Bill, for the better and more regular paying, AnnuUie and assigning, the Annuities, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Cent per Annum, payable to several Bankers, and other Patentees, or those claiming under them, was committed, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning Duties oa next resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Sale upon the Bill, for better securing and regulating the Duties upon Salt

Licentiousness of the Press.

Briscoe's

£ tate.

3 An NT. I40 — 150 Martii. 377

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, to prevent the Licentiousness of the Press, was committed, be made Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercuriiy 15 die;

Amo 3® Annas Regina.

Praters.

THE House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Improvement of the Estate of John Briscoe, Esquire, in the County of Cumberland.

And the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, and are, as follow:

Pr. l. L. 22. Leave out from suffered" to " of," in 25 L. and read " amongst other Things."

28. Leave out from" Appurtenances" to "in," in the 41 L. and read " lying."

41. After " Cumberland' leave out to " together," in 3d L. of Pr. 2d.

Pr. 2. L. 24. I ave out from " the" to " and, " in the 26 L. and read " said Manor of Orton." 27. After " Premises," insert " in Orton," and leave out " or to any of them, or to any Parcel of them."

29. Leave out " any of them."

31. Leave out from " Member" to " were," in 33 L. and read " thereof."

34. Leave out from " concerning" to " the," in die 37 L.

42. After " Assigns" leave out to the Second " and, " in 43 L.

48. After " Portions" insert " amongst other " Lands."

Pr. 3. 13 L. After " concerning" leave out to " all," in 19 L.

22. After " Orton'insert " together with other " Lands in the said Deeds expressed," and leave out to " to" in 23d L.

30. After " concerning" leave out to " the," in 32 L.

32. After " aforesaid" leave out to " to," in 41 L. and insert " amongst other Lands." Pr. 4. 12 L. After " concerning" leave out to the First " the," in the 13 L.

13. After " Orton' leave out to " from," in 15 L.

17. Leave out from " tripartite" to " from," in 25 L. and read, " and also for and concerning the said Manor of Orton, being Part " of the Premises in the said Indenture before " limited to the Use and Behoof of the said " John Briscoe."

43. Instead of " Manors" read " Manor of " Ortonf and after Premises insert " in " Orton."

Pr. 5. 8 L. After " Manor" insert " of Orton."

10. After " are" insert " belonging to the said " Manor of Orton, and Premises in Orton."

15. After " disposing" add " of."

39. After First " Estates" insert " within the " said Manor of Orton and after the Second " Estates" insert " within the said " Manor of Orton."

44. For " Manors, or any of them," read " Manor of Orton."

Pr. 6. 6 L. After " Rents" insert " accruing or arising " within the said Manor of Orton, and Premises in Orton."

V o l. 14.

8 L. After " Estates" insert " within the said " Manor of Orton."

10. After " Commons" insert " within and 1k>

" longing to the said Manor of Orton."

19. After " Commons" insert " within and belonging to the said Manor of Orton."

23 L. Leave out from " the" to " appertain," in 23 L. and read "said Manor doth and shall " belong, and."

Pr. 7. li L. Instead of " respective Manors are," read " Manor is."

Ordered, That Mr. Lawson, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Mr. Ward (according to Order) reported from the Publick Committee, to w hom the Bill, for the better and more AnnuiUe ‘ regular paying, and assigning, the Annuities, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Cent per Annum, payable to several Bankers, and other Patentees, or those claiming under them, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, w bich they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and another Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Report from the Commissioners, Irish Forfar taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts feitures. of the Kingdom, upon the Report, and Account, of the Trustees for Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ir eland, and upon the Report of the Commissioners of Enquiry into those Estates, referred by this House to the Examination of the said Commissioners, be taken into Consideration upon Friday Morning next

Sir Cyrill Wyche,from the Trustees for Sale of the for- Ditto,

feited Estates in Ireland, presented to the House their Report upon the Petition of Lettke Grace.

And the Title thereof was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table; and be read, when the other Reports from the said Trustees are ordered to be read.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Hclford,

and Mr. Rogers:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Privilege for the further Explanation and Regulation of Privilege of Publick of Parliament, in relation to Persons in publick Offices, 0fBc 18-with some Amendments; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House:

Also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Orange for naturalizing the Protestant Subjects of the Principality Subject of Orange, who have departed their Country upon the Nat Account of their Religion, who are or shall come to settle in this Kingdom; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Complaint being made to the House, that Richard privilege. Clarke, a menial Servant to Sir Edmund Denton, (a Member of this House) hath been arrested by one Mr. Ogleby, an Officer, at the Suit of one Mrs. Morland, Widow, by means of Mr. Derby, an Attorney, and is detained in Confinement, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and that they do report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do i.-'suc his Warrant to the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, that the said Serjeant go, and discharge the said Richard Clarke from his said Confinement

5 C Mr.

finishing Mutiny and Uctocriion.

Promissory

Notes.

Biker's Claims.

Irish

Forfeitures.

378

Mr. Lowndes (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for punishing Officers, and Soldiers, who shall mutiny, or desert her Majesty's Service, in England or , and for punishing false Musters, and for better payment of Quarters in England, for the Year 1704, was committed, the Amendments, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then several of them a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Clause B, being read a Second time, For the Comptrollers of the Accounts of the Army to keep an Account of all Payments, made by the Paymasters to the Colonels, Agents, Clothiers, or others, and to esquire, whether the Money so received, be justly paid over to the several Captains;

And the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Clause C, being read a Second time, That no Person, that shall be voluntarily listed for the Land Service at any time after the 25th of March, 1704, shall be esteemed a listed Soldier, or be subject to any of the Penalties in this Act, who shall not declare his free Consent before a Justice of Peace, or chief Magistrate j

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The rest of the Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Commissioners of Accounts, for the Army, shall examine and determine the Debts, due for Pay, and Arrears, due to Major-general Windhatn's Regiment of Horse.

And the same was twice read, and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, on behalf of Colonel Mitchelboum.

And the same was twice Vead, and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for prolonging the Time for the Commissioners of Accounts for the Army, with the like Salaries, as by the former Act for constituting the m.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks filled up; and, upon the Question put thereupon, the Clause was agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for giving like Remedy upon Notes, promising the Payment of Money, as is now upon Bills of Exchange,

Ordered, That the adjourned Debate upon the ingrossed Bill, for the further recompensing of John Baker, Gentleman, and his Family, for the Services of Colonel Baker, at Londonderry, be further adjourned tili Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Trustees for Sale of the forfeited F.states in Ireland, do attend tins House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Reports of the said Trustees, which have not yet been read, be read Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned, tiULTq-raorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

1703.

Juvis, 16 dieMartii;

Anno 3 Ann® Regina.

Prayers-

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Burbiei‘, ,&c.

Act to naturalize Daniel Barhier, John Kermt du Nat-Chesne, and others, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Clark do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, with some Amendments; to which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Ordered, That the adjourned Consideration of the Re- Publicfc plies of the Commissioners, for taking, examining, and Account , stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, and of their Report, and Observations, be further adjourned till'

Tomorrow Morning, Eleven a Clock.

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords Privilege to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the further Explanation offi«ni and Regulation of Privilege of Parliament, in relation to Persons in publick Offices, betaken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning, after the said adjourned Consideration.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Duties on Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for better Salt securing and regulating the Duties upon Salt.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Lowndes took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Lowndes reported from the said Committee, that they had made some Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move that they may have Leave to sit again.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do immediately resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider further of the said Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

(after ti»e adjourned Consideration of the Replies of the Commissioners, for taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts, and of their Report and Observations) resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Exporting whole House, to whom the Bill, to restrain the Exporta- Bullion. tion of Silver and Gold tQ the East India's, was committed, be made upon Saturday Morning next

Ordered, That the adjourned Debate upon the ingrossed Baker's Bill, for the further recompensing of John Baker, Gentle- Claim , man, and his Family, for the Services of Colonel Baker, at Londonderry, be further adjourned until Saturday Morning next, Eleven a Clock.

Ordered, That the Reports of the Trustees for Sale of Irish the forfeited Estates in Ireland, which have not yet been Forfeiture , read, be read upon Saturday Morning next; and that the said Trustees do then-attend this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, IT die Anno 3° Ann® Regina.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act De Haut's, for naturalizing Henry de Haut, George Chabot, and Nat. others, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, for better charging several Accompt- Publick Ac-ants with Interest-money by them received, and to be comptants. received, was read the Third time.

13 Resolved,

r 50 — 16° — 170

Publick

Annuities.

Iri'h Forfeitures.

Lords Journal to be searched for Proceedings on Subsidy Bill, &c

Members to actead.

Complaint against irreligious Publications

3 Ann. Martii. 379

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for better charging several Aecomptants with Interest-monies by them received, and to be received.

Ordered, That Mr. Lmcndes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill, for the better and more regular paying, and assigning, the Annuities, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, payable to several Bankers, and other Patentees, or those claiming under them, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for the better and more regular paying, and assigning, the Annuities, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Cent, per Annum, payable to several Bankers, and other Patentees, or those claiming under them.

Ordered, That Mr. Ward do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Petition of Mary Skelton, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures, was offered to the House.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Petition he brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That some Members be appointed, to search the Lords Journal, as to their Proceedings upon the Bill of Subsidy, the Bill, for appointing Commissioners for taking the publick Accounts, and the Bill, for recruiting the Army; and report the same to the House.

And it is referred to the Earl of Dysert, Mr.

Mr. Bromley, Colonel Byerly, Mr. Mr Treden-

ham, Mr. Ward, Mr. Gulston, Mr. Lawson, Mr. Toke, Sir Hump. Mackworth.

1

Ordered, That all the Members of this House, who are in Town, do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, upon Pain of incurring the Displeasure of this House.

Sir Dudly Cullum, reported from the Committee, appointed to examine Two Books; one intituled, " Second ' " Thoughts concerning human Soul, [a] as believed to be " a spiritual immortal Substance, united to human Body, to " be a plain heathenish Invention, and not consonant to " the Principles of Philosophy, Reason, or Religion;" the other, " The grand Essay; or, Vindication of Reason " and Religion against Impostures of Philosophyand to collect thereout such Parts, as are offensive; and to examine, who is the Author, Printer, and Publisher, thereof; that they had examined the same accordingly, and had collected out of the said Books several Passages therein, which they conceive offensive; and that they found, that Dr. William Coward was the Author of the said Books; and that Mr. David Edwards was the Printer of the one, and Mr. William Pierson was the Printer of the other; and that Mr. Bassett was the Publisher of the said Books: Which Report he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is, as followeth:

In the "Second Thoughts concerning human Soul&c.

Pa. 84. " Now the Notion of an immaterial, im-

" mortal, substantial, Being in Man, or Soul, was one of " those Principles, I had by Education so imbibed; and " having thought fit, more strictly to enquire into the " Reasons or Foundation of this Belief, 1 find it to be " only an Opinion derived down to Posterity, as it were, " upon Trust."

Pa. 85. " But these Grounds of the framing an im " material immortal Soul in Man I look upon to be idle " and fabulous; and conceive it ratlier to be the Consent " and Doctrine of the Philosophers, in general preaching, " that Virtue was to be rewarded, and Vice punished; " and, when they usually saw good Men to die untimely " Deaths, and unrewarded too, being ignorant of a

[a] The Words, " demonstrating ths Notion of human Soul," inserted in the Journal of the 10th of March preceding, p. 273, as Part of the Title of this Book, are here omitted, both in the Journal, and the printed Votes.

VOL. 14.

" Resurrection, taught their Seliolars, that Men's Souls, " after Death, remained alive, to receive the same; e. " good Men, Rewards, and ill Men, Punishments."

Pa. 88. " Now after the Piety of the primitive Christians began by secular Interest to be perverted, and the " Ambition of crafty Prelates grew so high, as to require " to be supported in Grandeur and State, then it became " convenient to propagate this Doctrine to the Height." Pa. 144. " Thus, upon the Whole, we find, how

" weak and insufficient the Arguments of Philosophy " are, to defend the Opinion of an immaterial Soul, " united to the Body; what idle and trifling Distinctions " they are forced to make, to defend it; what Shifts and " Evasions they frame, to support their Notion; insomuch that a Man may say, there is no Plea, to ground " a Belief on the Philosophers Arguments, which pretend " to establish Two distinct Substances, spiritual and " material, in Man, but only to those, who are resolved " not to be informed, and will know no better."

Pa. 176. " If we allow this Conjunction of Body and " Soul to be the Union of an immortal immaterial Spirit " to a mortal material Body, where is then the Mystery " of the hypostatick Union? The Union of the Soul and " Body no Man yet ever allowed to be a Mystery of " Religion; therefore, either both must be reputed so, " or neither."

Pa. 206. " 1. That human Soul will cease, when the " Bddy dies (t. e. Life, and Soul, are the same thing in " Scripture) and consequently, the common Notion of a " spiritual immortal Substance, united to, or in, Man, is " erroneous:

" 2. That, by the common Course of Providence, " Man's Immortality begins not until after the Resurrection."

" As to the First Proposition, thus I argue: If it appear by the whole Current of Scripture, that Life is " properly the Soul of Man, and no Text gives us a " sufficient Ground to call it an immaterial Substance; " then the Soul of Man will cease to be, when the Body " dies: But it appears by the whole Current of Scripture, " &c. ergo, the Soul of Man will cease to be, when the " Body dies; and, consequently, the Notion of a spiritual " immortal Substance, united to, or in, Man, is erroneous." Pa. 222. " Thessalon. Cap. iv. Vers. 13, 14. — Who " will be changed in a Moment, in the Twinkling of an " Eye, at the last Trump: For this Corruptible must put " on Incorruption, and this Mortal put on Immortality, " before it can be pronounced, that Death is swallowed " up in Victory. 1 Cor. xv. Vers. 51. &c. Where it is " very observable, that the Apostle, in all the whole " Course of his Writing, says, " we,' not, " our " Bodies;" who cannot be called " weAs, " We shall " not all sleep; " We shall be raised incorruptibleand, "We shall be changedWhich could not be true, " were the Soul, our better Part, an incorruptible immortal Being already; for that has no Change at all, " but retains its first immortal Nature."

Pa. 278. " Obj. 14. " Then shall the Dust return to " the Earth, as it was; and the Spirit to God, that gave it " Therefore, herein is a plain Distinction of Soul, and " Body; and that, when we die, our Souls will certainly " return to God."

" Answer: This is the great Goliah Argument, generally brought to knock down all Op posers; though it " argues not for an immaterial spiritual Substance, but is " rather, and ought to be explained as, a Confirmation " of my Opinion.

Pa. 280. "Thus far, I think, I have sufficiently answered all Objections, brought from the Old Testament: " And though there occur many of the same Nature in the Apocrypha, and, indeed, more seemingly opposite " to my Opinion, yet I shall here pass them by, until the " Apocrypha be proved canonical; and so proceed to " Objections, extorted from the New Testament.

" 1. The First I meet with, that seems significant, is " this: " Fear not them, that can kill the Body, but are " not able to kill the Soul; hut rather fear him, which is

" able

380 170 Ma . 1703.

" able to destroy both Body and Soul in Hell." Matth. " x. [a] 28. Therefore there is a Being in Man, distinct

" from his Body, capable of being cast into a Place of " Torment; whereas the Body only lies in the Power of " Man, and not the Soul, to be destroyed."

Pa. 283, 284. " Answer: If by this Text was meant a spiritual, substantial, immortal, Soul, no doubt, but " that oiir Saviour knew it, and so did his Disciples, to " whom he then preached this Doctrine; therefore, for " our Saviour to instruct them in a Doctrine, The " Impossibility of Man's Power to kill an immortal Spirit, " which they must know before, if true, would savour " more of trifling, than giving of real Instructions in " Christianity; for it might easily be returned, that all " the W orld knows, an immortal Spirit cannot be killed; " so that such Instructions are vain, and useless."

P. 285, 286. " Lu. xxiii. 43. " This Day" (says our " Saviour to the Thief on the Cross) " thou shalt be with " me in ParadiseTherefore his Soul must be there with " our Saviour, or else our Saviour's WTords could not " be admitted for Truth; for, be sure, the Thief's Body " was buried, and laid in the Ground, as others were.

" Answer: This Objection, though oft brought, I cannot see of what Force it is, unless it be, to tell us, " that our Saviour spake to the Soul of the Thief, when he said, " Thou shalt be with me in Paradise," " Thou " Soul of the Thief, for owning me, shall this Day be " with me in a State of Bliss: But, O Thief! thy Body " shall go to Corruption, as other Bodies do." Now " what a Speech must such Men make for our Saviour, " that give such an Interpretation of this Text, let the " Learned judge."

In " The grand Essay," &c.

Pa. 185. " Theol. How could Man come by this immaterial Substance, but at the first Creation ? And it's " plain there, by express Words, that he was made no " more than a living Creature.

" Philos. You had as good throw your Cap into the " Air. All the Heathen Philosophers preached up Man " to be made of a Soul, called immaterial Substance, and " Body; and if you throw all the Old and New Testametit at that Doctrine, you'll never confound it, or " convince its Believers to the contrary."

Pa. 186, 187. "Theol. Don't a Man die if he lose " his Life

" Philos. No; he doth die in his Body, but not in his " Soul; for that lives as well, if not better, than it did " in the Body.

" Theol. Not one Word of this, or like it, do I find " in the Bible. This is as much as to say, a Man doth " die, and he doth not die. Pray what is meant by dying " in his Body

« " Philos. His material Body dies.

" Theol. As far as I find, it never lived; for it was V the Soul lived all the while; and how can any thing die, which never lived

Philos. " It's no matter how; it is so: The Soul, or " immaterial Substance, gave the Body Life; and now " it is separated, the Body is dead.

" Theol. What Chapter and Verse, for your immaterial " living Substance, in the Bible

" Philos. I told you, you were always for Scripture. " It's so by Philosophy, that's enough: And so, if a " Man is said to sleep in Death, he is as fully awake in " his Soul, the next Minute of Separation, as ever he " was in his Life in this World.

"Theol. A pretty Way of sleeping indeed! You " Philosophers make us believe any thing. I'll be stigmatized [fora Fool#] all iny Lile-time, if you can bring the "like Case, where so many Absurdities, without any Warrant from Scripture, or common Reason, are believed." That Mr. Bassett was called in to the Committee; and being asked, who was the Author and Printer of the Book, called, " Second Thoughts concerning human " Soul," <$c. said, that Doctor William was the

Author of the said Book; and that Mr. David Edwards printed the same.

[«] " 4" Orig.

l J Tli« e Words are supplied from the original Report.

That Doctor Ccrwoj'dsent for the said Bassett, and told him, he had Five hundred of the said Books, and would have him to sell them: Whereupon they came to an Agreement; and the said Bass, by a Writing under his Hand, did promise, and oblige himself, to account for and pay unto Doctor William Coward Three Shillings and Six-pence for every one of the said Books sold.

That l»e sold about Three hundred of the said Books, and had Three pence a Book for selling the same.

Mr. Chaunt ry being asked, who was the Author, and

Printer, of the Book, called, " The grand Essay," said, that Doctor Coward was the Author, and William Pierson was the Printer.

That he sold Five hundred of the said Books, by Doctor Coxcard'sDirections; and that the said Doctor

agreed to allow hirn Half the Profit, for selling the same.

Mr. Edu ards said, that he printed Part of the Book, called, " Second Thoughts;" and that Doctor Coward delivered to him the Copy.

Mr. Pierson said, that he printed the Book, called,

" The grand Essay;" and that Doctor Coward delivered him the Copy, and lie printed Five hundred of them.

Doctor Coward, being called in, said, that he hath not read the Book, called, "Second Thoughts," &c. since Edwards printed the same; so that he knows not, whether it be printed according to his Copy: He never intended any thing against Religion; and that there is nothing contained in those Books, contrary either to Morality, or Religion.

That he does not deny himself to be the Author of those Books; and, if there be any thing the rein, against Religion, or Morality, he is heartily sorry, and is ready to recant the same.

Resolved, That the said Books do contain therein divers Doctrines and Positions, contrary to the Doctrine of the Church of England, and tending to the Subversion of the

Christian Religion.

Ordered, That the said Books be burnt by the common Hangman Tomorrow Morning, in New Palace Yard, Westminster; and that the Sheriffs of London and Middlesex do assist the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, in seeing the same done.

Mr. Secretary Hedges reported to the House, that their Address had been presented to her Majesty, That she would be pleased to direct an immediate and effectual Prosecution against Philip Papillon, Esquire, late Cashier of the Victualling, to compel him to account, according to the Course of the Exchequer; and that her Majesty had commanded him to acquaint the House, tint she had given necessary Direction, as they had desired.

The House (according to Order) resumed the Consideration of the Replies of the Commissioners, for taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, and of their Report, and Observations.

And the Answer of Thomas Addison, Anthony Shephard, and David Elder, Esquires, Three of the late Commissioners for sick and wounded Seamen, &c. and the Commissioners of Accounts Reply thereunto; and also the Answer of Mr. Povey, Receiver to the late Commissioners for sick and wounded Seamen, and Exchange of Prisoners at War, and the Commissioners of Accounts Reply thereunto; were read.

Ordered, That Thomas Addison, Anthony Shephard, and David Elder, Esquires, Three of the late Commissioners for the sick and wounded Seamen, and Exchange of Prisoners at War, by directing their Receiver to make several great Payments to themselves, have exceeded their Instructions, acted in a Method very unsafe to the Publick, and rendered the passing of their Accounts more chargeable, and difficult.

The Answer of Mr. Henry and the Commissioners of Accounts Reply thereunto, were read; and the Answer of Auditor Bridges, and the Reply thereunto, were read.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, by the Observations of the Commissioners of Accounts upon the

declared

Resolutions censuring the Publications; and Order that they be burnt.

Answer to Address.

Commissioners of Sick and wounded

Duties on Salt.

Privilege of

Publick

Officers.

Irish

Forfeitures.

Promissory

Notes.

3 Ann. 170 — -i8° Martii. 381

declared Account of Mr. Hairy Balter, ending at chaelmas, One thousand Six hundred and Ninety-seven, that there was Five hundred Pounds omitted, which is now brought to be accounted for, which otherwise would have been lost to the Publick.

The Answers of Mr. John Knight, and Mr. Bartholomew Burton, and the Commissioners of Accounts Replies thereunto, were read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Commissioners of the Treasury directing of the Payment of Fifteen thousand Four hundred and Thirty-five Pounds, in February, One thousand Six hundred and Ninety-six, to Mr. '{.night and Mr. Burton, in an extraordinary and unusual Manner, upon Pretence of discounting of Tallies, was a Mismanagement of the publick Money;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

rr c ,v fSir Thomas Mach-worth, , Q Tellers for the YeasT r ' > 38.

(Air. Lawson:

31-

Tellers for the Noes Carles

idlers for the l\oes, Mp

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Tw o last Observations of the Commissioners of Accounts being read; whereby it appears, upon a due Examination, that Money hath been illegally levied by the Assessors and Collectors of the Land Tax for the Parish of Bromley, in the County of Kent, and by the Collectors of the Subsidy for the Town of East Greenwich, in the same County, upon their Fellow Subjects;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that she w ill be graciously pleased to give Direction for the Prosecution of the said Offenders for the Misdemeanors by them committed, in the illegal levying of Money upon the Subject.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that she will be graciously pleased to give Direction for the Prosecution of all others, who have been Offenders in the like Manner.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House, as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, That the Commissioners, for taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, have faithfully discharged the Trust reposed in them, to the Satisfaction of this House, and the general Good of the whole Nation.

Resolved, That litis House w ill, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Pill, for better securing and regulating the Duties

01 ° OO

upon bait.

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Hill, intituled, An Act for the further Explanation and Regulation of Privilege of Parliament, in relation to Persons in publick Offices, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Commissioners, for taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, upon the Report, and Account, of the Trustees for Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, and upon the Report of the Commissioners of Enquiry into those Estates, referred by this House to the Examination of the said Commissioners, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

O

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for giving like Remedy upon Notes, promising the Payment of Money, as is now' upon Bills of Exchange.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine a Clock.

Yo 1.. 14.

Sabbat i, 18 die Martii;

Anno 30 Ann® Regina.

Prayers.

THE Order of the Day being read, for the House Duties on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Suit. House, to consider further of the Bill, for better securing and regulating the Duties upon Salt

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for securing the Interest upon the Benefit Malt Lottery Tickets.

Then the House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Lowndes took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Lowndes reported from the said Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Monday Morning next.

Irish Forfeitures.

The Order of the Day being read, for the resuming Baker's the adjourned Debate upon the ingrossed Bill, for the Claims further recompensing of John Baker, Gentleman, and his Family, for the Services of Colonel Baker at Londonderry; and for reading the Reports of the Trustees for the Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland; and for the said Trustees attending this House;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Reports be now read;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas j

T , c u v S Sir Chr. Hales, Tellers for the N oes, J , v

'(Mr.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

3

107.

105.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, on the behalf of the said Lettice Grace.

And the Question being put, That the same be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, on the behalf of the Receivers of the Rents of the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks filled up; and the Clause amended: And then the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

T he Reports of the said Trustees upon the Petition of George Hawes, Elizabeth Robert Leigh,

Margaret and Mary Molloy, and Lettice Grace, were severally read, and arc, as follow:

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

May it please your Honours:

IN Obedience to your Honours Order of Reference, bearing Date the 17th Day of February Instant, requiring us to examine the Petition of George Hawes, hereunto annexed, and to report the Matter of Fact upon the same to your Honours; we have examined the same, and do find, that the Petitioner did enter, his Claim before us for a Bond Debt of Two hundred Pounds principal Money, entered into by Robert Purcell, Esquire, and Sir Patrick Trant,to the Petitioner; and that the said Debt

was inserted in the Schedule of Debts, annexed to the Deed of Settlement of Sir Patri 'Irani's Estate, as in the Petition is alleged.

That the Petitioner's Claim was regularly posted, called on to be heard, and dismissed for w ant of Prosecution.

That it does not appear, that the Petitioner did apply to us for the Allowance of the said Debt, pursuant to the

5 D Clause

Irish Forfeitures.

18° Martii. A. 1703.

Clause in the Act of Parliament, as in the Petition is set forth.

That the said Bond is now produced to us, with an Affidavit of one of the subscribing Witnesses endorsed thereon, taken before the Lord Chief Justice of the due Execution of the same.

And the Petitioner has also produced to us his own Affidavit, that he actually lent the said Two hundred Pounds; and that he hath never received any Satisfaction for the same, except the Sum of Twenty-four Pounds, for Two Years Interest thereof; but whether the Bond was mislaid, or not, does not appear to us.

All which is humbly submitted to your Honours.

CyrilIl'ich, Fra. Anncsky,

J. Bagg, John Trenchard, T. Harrison, John Cary,

John ltau/ins.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

May it please your Honours:

IN Obedience to your Honours Order of Reference, bearing Date the 17th Instant, on the Petition hereunto tmnexed, we have examined the Contents thereof; and find, that William Cloxcdesky, the Petitioner's late Husband, was a Vintner in the City of London; and that, during his Life, there was an Account between him and Sir Patrick Trout, for Wine, and other Things, in the Way of his Trade, as a Vintner.

That the said Account begins the Twenty-seventh Day of October, 16S2, and is carried on in his Book, and transferred from one Page to another, to the 7th of April, 1686, where the Sum total, for Goods delivered to that Day, comes to One hundred Ninety-two Pounds, Seventeen Shillings, and Nine-pence.

That, on a further Inspection into his Books, about 220 Pages forwards, we find another Account of Goods, delivered for the Use of the said Sir Patrick commencing the 9th Day of December, 1686, and carried on to the 7U1 of August, 1688, amounting to Seventy Pounds, Eleven Shillings, and Nine-pence; which is transferred to another Page, where an Account is held with him by the Petitioner, after her Husband's Death, to the Sixth of February, 1G88, and there the Sum total for Goods delivered to that Day, is Seventy-one Pounds, Fifteen Shillings, and Five-pence; which Account is there closed, and without any Notice there taken of the One hundred Ninety-two Pounds, Seventeen Shillings, and Nine-pence; and whether paid, or not, docs not appear.

That both these Accounts do at this time lie open in his Books, and do amount to the Sum mentioned in the Petition.

That the said William Clou'desky died about the 8th of August, 16885 and the Petitioner took out Letters of Administration to him the 4th of September following, and filed an Original, in Michaelmas Term after, for Two hundred Sixty-five Pounds, Five Shillings, and Twopence, in the Court of Common Pleas, against the said Sir Patrick Trant.

That the Petitioner saith, she can give no Account of w hat passed between Sir Patrick Trant and her deceased Husband, with relation to the Discharge either of the one or the other Account, only that, at the Time of his Death, she found them lying open in the Books, without an Entry of any Money received towards Payment.

That the Petitioner did, by her Agent, demand the above Debt of us in Ireland; but not being able to make Proof thereof, and no Mention being made of the Debt in the Schedule, annexed to the Deed of Settlement, made by the said Sir Patrick Trant for Payment of his Debts, her Petition was dismissed.

All which is humbly submitted to your Honours: Cyril Anncsky,

J. Baggs, John Trenchard, T. Harrison, John Cary,

John Isham. 12

12

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

IN Obedience to your Honours Order of Reference, on the Petition hereunto annexed, we have examined tho Allegations thereof; and do humbly certify, that the Trustees are altogether Strangers to any Disposition, made by the Petitioner's Father, of his personal Estate before his Attainder.

That the Petitioner did exhibit his Claim before the Trustees, alleging, that his Father, by virtue of a Settlement, made by him in the Year 1602, after Marriage, was but Tenant for Life, with a Remainder in Tail to the Petitioner.

That the Trustees gave great Indulgence to the Petitioner, in allowing him many Hearings by a great N umber of Counsel; and, upon deliberate Consideration had of the Acts of Settlement, and Explanation, and the Resolution of Doubts, upon which the Determination of this Case chiefly depended, and upon consulting the Judgments of the Courts of Law and Equity in that Kingdom, and the Construction of those Acts (in which the Security of the Protestant Interest is highly concerned) Judgment was given, that the Petitioner's Claim should be disallowed; and the Lands have since been sold, as the Forfeiture in Fee-simple of Francis Leigh, the Petitioner's Father, for Flight thousand Nine hundred Twenty-three Pounds, besides Two thousand Three hundred Thirty-three Pounds, Ten Shillings, paid by Lawrence Steel, Esquire, who, after Notice of the Settlement, and Advice had thereupon, purchased of the Lord Grantee

of the said Estate, who was in Possession thereof from the Time of the Grant, till the said Estate was vested in the Trustees.

That the Petitioner is in Possession of an Estate, reputed worth between Fyur and Five hundred Pounds per Annum; but whether it came to him from his Father, or what other ltelation, we know not.

That, whether the Petitioner's Family were English, or Irish, does not appear to us; but, upon hearing his Claim, we found, that the Ancestors of the Petitioner were outlawed for the Rebellion of Forty-one, and not adjudged innocent.

All which is humbly submitted to your Honours.

CyrillIl'ich, II.

Fr.A nncs ley, J.'Baggs,

John Trenchard, John Isham, James Hooper, John Cary,

T. Harrison, Win.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

IN Obedience to your Honours Order of Reference, on the Petition hereunto annexed, we have examined the Allegations thereof; and do humbly certify, that the Petitioners did enter their Claim before the Trustees for an Estate, which, upon the Sale, we found to be of the Value of 1'our hundred and Fifty-two Pounds per Annum.

That the Petitioners alleged, that their Grandfather was non compos Mentis, when he made the Settlement in the Petition mentioned; and that he was Two Years afterwards of sound Mind and Memory, when lie made a Disposition of his Estate, by Will, from his Heir at Law, under which the Petitioners claim.

But it appearing by sufficient Proof, that he was of sound Mind, when he made the said Settlement; and that, if there had been neither Settlement, nor Will, the Petitioners had no Title, they not being Heirs at Law, the Trustees dismissed the Claim.

All which is humbly submitted to your Honours.

Cyrill Wich, Fra. Annesky,

J. Baggs, John 'Trenchard,

John Isham,

John Cary,

I I'm.

James Hooper, T. Harrison,

To '

Baker's

Claim *

Report on Searching l«nrds JouinaL

Resumption of Grants.

Exporting

Bullion.

Privilege of

Publick

Officers.

Irish Forfeitures.

3 Ann.

i 8' — 20°

383

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

IN Obedience to your Honours Order of Reference, on the Petition hereunto annexed, we do find, that the Petitioner's Husband, John G, did recover a considerable Estate out of the King's Hands, as in the Petition is alleged; and that the said John Grace did enter his Claim before the Trustees for an Estate, forfeited by the Attainder of his Father, Robert Grace; which, alter several Hearings, was dismissed; and the Estate is since sold.

That the Petitioner hath produced to us an Affidavit of 1 'rands Grace, Lett ice Grace, John Grace, and

jlfichael Grace, which is hereunto annexed; whereby it appears, that the Petitioner had a Marriage Portion of a Thousand Pounds, and was to have a Jointure, of Three hunch ed Pounds per Annum, out of the Estate of the said John Grace; and that the Petitioner hath Six young Daughters, under Eight Years olcf, and nothing to subsist them; which we believe to be true, from Informations received in Ireland.

All which is humbly submitted.

CyriU WicJ. John TrencJames hooper, John Carp, II. Shere,

Fr.Annesley, T. Harrison.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for the further recompensing of John Baker, Gentleman, and his Family, for the Services of Colonel Baker at Londonderry in Ireland; and for the stating the Accounts of the late Receivers of the Rents and Profits of the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

Ordend, That Mr. Tredenham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the Trustees do attend this House upon Monday Morning next

Lima, 20 die Martii',

Anno 3° Annae Regina.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Fermnr's for setting aside a voluntary Settlement, made by Estate. Mary Fermor, Widow, and for ratifying a Partition, made of the Manors of Mersham and Pett, and divers Lands in the County of Sussex, between her, and Bartholomew Wahnesly, Esquire, and others, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Mathew Dudley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Sir Humphry Mackworth reported from the Committee, Poor Laws, to whom the Bill, foV the better Relief, Employment, and Settlement, of the Poor, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That, by reason of the great Importance and universal Concern of the said Bill, the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused and considered by the Members of the House.

Mr. Lou ndes (according to Order) reported from the Duties on Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for Salt-better securing and regulating the Duties upon Salt, was committed, the Amendments which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon thei Question severally put thereupon (with Amendments to

The Earl of Dysert reported, that the Members ap- some of them) agreed unto by the House; and some other

Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert; and

Sir Richard Ilolford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by Barbie's, this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to naturalize &c. Nat. Daniel Barbier, John Kcrron du Chesne, and others:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Public

pointed to search the Lords Journal, touching their Proceedings upon the Bill of Subsidy, the Bill, for appointing Commissioners for the taking the publick Accounts, and the Bill, for recruiting the Army, had searched the Lords Journals accordingly: And he read to the House what they found therein, and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for resuming several Act for the better and more regular paying, and assign- Annuities.

Giants, made by the late King James, and by their late....

Majesties King William and Queen Mary (of glorious Memory) or by the said late King William, was committed, be made upon this Day Sevennight -

ing, the Annuities, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, payable to several Bankers, and other Patentees, or those claiming under them, without Amendment:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Art Insolvent , .- ,r0In ine committee 01 the ct jor jy,e Discharge out of Prison such insolvent L)el,l0‘6'

whole House, to whom the Bill, to restrain the Exporta- Debt , shall or e a Pereon to ln

tion of Silver and Gold to the Last Imhas,was com- ber M,ljestJ-s Fleet, or Army, with an Amendment; to

which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Ordered, That-the Report from the Committee of the

mitted, be made upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the further Explanation and Regulation of Privilege of Parliament, iu relation to Persons in publick Offices, be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Commissioners, for taking, examining, and stating the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, upon the Report, and Account, of the Trustees for Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, and upon the Report of the Commissioners of Enquiry into those Estates, referred by this House to the Examination of the said Commissioners, be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Vol. H.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House (according to Order) proceeded to take into Proceeding Consideration the Report, of Saturday last, of the Lords Lords on Journal of their Proceedings upon the Bill of Subsidy, the Bill, for appointing Commissioners for taking the pub- countgj \c. lick Accounts, and the Bill, for recruiting the Army.

And the said Report was read, and is, as followeth:

Die Sabbati,4® Martii, 1703.

A Message from the House of Commons, by Mr. Conyers, and others; who brought up a Bill, intituled,

An Act for granting to her Majesty an additional Subsidy of T onnage and Poundage, for Three Years, and for laying a further Duty upon French Wines, condemned as lawful Prize, and for ascertaining the Values of unrated Goods, imported from the East to which they

desire the Concurrence of this House.

Then

384

20° Martii . 1703.

I.ords Pro- Then it being proposed to read this Bill the First time credings on on Thursday next;

I'ublick Ac- ' And Debate thereupon;

count , &c. The Question was put, Whether this Bill shall be read the First time on Thursday next.

Then the previous Question was put, Whether this Question shall be now put:

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question was put, Whether this Bill shall be read the First time on Thursday next:

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the First time, on Thursday next.

Die Jovis,90 Martii, 1703.

IIODIE la vice lecta est Billa, intituled, An Act for granting to her Majesty an additional Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, for Three Years, and for laying a further Duty upon French Wines, condemned as lawful Prize, and for ascertaining the Values of unrated Goods, imported from the East Indies.

Ordered, That the said Bill shall be read a Second time on Thursday, the 16th Day of this Instant March, after One a Clock.

Die Jovis, 16" 1703.

HODIE 2da vice lecta est Billa, intituled, An Act for granting to her Majesty an additional Subsidy of Tonnage, and Poundage, for Three Years, and for laying a further Duty upon French Wines, condemned as lawful Prize, and for ascertaining the Values of unrated Goods, imported from the East Indies.

Ordered by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, That the said Bill be committed to a Gommittee of the whole House, on Thursday, the 23d Day of this Instant March, at Twelve a Clock.

Die Veneris, 30 Martii, 1703.

A Message from the House of Commons, by Mr.

'Dolben, and others; who brought up a Bill, intituled, An Act for taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Die Sabbati, 40 Martii, 1703.

HODIE 1" vice lecta est Billa, intituled, An Act for taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom.

Die Luna, 6° , 1703.

IT is Ordered, by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, That the Bill, intituled, An Act for taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, shall be read a Second time on Friday next, at One a Clock.

Die Veneris, 1 o Martii, 1703.

WHEREAS this Day was appointed for the Second Reading of the Bill, intituled, An Act for the taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom; It is Ordered, That the said Bill shall be read a Second time Tomorrow, after the Cause.

Die Sabbati, 11° Martii, 1703.

HODIE 2da vice le.cta est Billa, intituled, An Act for the taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom.

Ordered, That the said Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House, on Tuesday next, at One a Clock; and all the Lords summoned.

Die Mortis, 14 1703.

WHEREAS this Day was appointed, for the House to be put into a Committee upon the Bill, intituled, An Act for the taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom; It is Ordered by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, That this House shall be put into a Committee upon the said Bill, on Thursday next, at Eleven a Clock.

Die Jovis, 1 6° Marti 1703.

THE Earl of Stamford reported from the Lords Committees, appointed to consider of the Observations, delivered into this House by the Commissioners, appointed by a late Act of Parliament, for taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom; and the Committee, in looking over the Report of the Commissioners, find the Account not made up of Colonel Byerlys Regiment; and that this Report is grounded upon a Petition of Tarry and Nicholson, on the behalf of themselves and others, Soldiers of the Regiment of Horse, commanded by Major-general formerly

Colonel Byerlys;praying, that Colonel Bye may be

obliged to account with, and pay, the said Regiment; w'hich Petition was presented to this House the 13th of March Instant, and referred to the said Gommittee. And his Lordship further reported, that the Particulars, before mentioned, will appear by the Papers reported to the House; and which were read; viz.

1. Report — Commissioners, signed, Atkins, Lister, Lancton; and dated, 9 March, 1703.

2. Major-general Windhams Letter, dated 8 April,

W

3. Another Memorial, signed,; dated 8lh

April, 1703.

4. An Account, signed, Windham, 5th April, 1703.

5. Letter from Colonel Byerty to the Commissioners, dated March 12th.

6. Another Letter from Colonel Byerly, dated 10 April.

7. Major-general Windhams last Letter, dated 14 April.

8. A Letter from Colonel Byerly, dated 29 June, received 1 July, 1703.

The House (pursuant to Order) was adjourned, during Pleasure, and put into a Committee upon the Bill, intituled, An Act for the taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom:

And after some Time spent therein, the House was resumed; and the Lord Ferrers reported, that the Committee had made some Progress in the Bill, and had made this Amendment in 1st Skin, 15 Line; Leave out "

" bert Byerly, EsquireAnd further, that the Committee is of opinion, that another Person be named by the House, to be put into his Place in the Bill; and also, that the House do name Two other Persons, to be named, to be added as Commissioners in the said Bill.

Upon which, the Question was put, Whether this House shall agree with the Committee in the First of the said Amendments:

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Dissentient.

Buckingham, C. P. S.

Rochester,

Osborne,

Abingdon,

Granville,

Carnarvon,

N. Duresme,

Gower.

Marlborough Winchelsea, Tit amt, Scarsdale,

II. London, Nottingham, Gernsey,

Adhuc 16° Die Martii, 1703.

Then it being proposed to agree with the Committee, that another Person be named by the House, to be put in the Place of Robert Byerly, Esquire; and also, that Tw o other Persons be named, to be added as Commissioners in the said Bill;

The Question was put, Whether the House shall agree with the Committee in this Part of the Report:

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Dissentient.

Buckingham, C. P. S.

Rochester,

Osbourne,

Scarsdale,

11. London,

Gernsey,

Marlborough. . II inche/sca, Granville, Nottingham,

N.Duresme,

G owlr.

Then

3 AnW. 2ob 385

Then it was resolved, That'Three Person ... be named, to be added as Commissioners in the said Bill, shall not be of either House of Parliament, nor in any publick Office or Employment, nor be'a Person accountable to the Government.

It was also agreed, that the Persons, to be named Commissioners, shall be ballctted for Tomorrow, after One a Clock; and that there be Two Glasses, to take the Ballots in; and each Lord to ballot in his Place; and all the Lords summoned to attend.

' It is' Ordered by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, That this House shall be put into a Committee again upon the Bill, intituled, An Act for the taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, on Saturday next, at One a Clock.

Die Veneris, 17 Martii, 1703.

THEN the Lords severally put their Ballots into a Glass, the Clerk attending each Lord, and beginning at the lower End of the House first.

After which the Lords following were appointed, to Cast up the Ballots in the Glass; viz.

Dux Richmond,

Dux Bolton, 1

Co. Stamford 1

Co. Kingston: 1 ,

Their Lordships, or any Three of them, to \Vithcfraw presently, to cast up the Ballots id the Glass, and report to the House.

The Duke of Richmond Reported from tire Committee, appointed to cast up the Ballots in the Glass, that the Majority is fallen on '

Sir John Houbbn,

' Sit William Scmccn, Francis Ey/es, Esquire;

To which the House agreed; and Ordered, That tliefee Three Persons be added as Commissioner to the Bill intituled, An Act for the taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom.

Die Sabbati, 11° Martii, 1703.

A Message from the House of Commons, by Mr. Lowndes, ana others; who brought up a Bill, intituled, An Act for raising Recruits for the Land Forces and Marines, and for dispensing with Part of the Act for the Encouragement and Increase of Shipping and Navigation, during the present War; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Hodie 1 vice lecta est Billa, intituled, An Act for the raising Recruits for the Land Forces and Marines, and for dispensing with Part of the Act for the Encouragement and Increase of Shipping and Navigation, during the present War.

Die Luna, 13' Martii, 1703.

IT is Ordered by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, That the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising Recruits for the Land Forces and Marines, and for dispensing with Part of the Act for the Encouragement and Increase of Shipping and Navigation, during the present War, shall be read the Second time on Wednesday, the 15th Day of this Instant, , at One a Clock;

and all the Lords summoned to attend.

Die Mercurii, 150 Martii, 1703.

HODIE 2U vice lecta est Billa, intituled, An Act for raising Recruits for the Land Forces and Marines, and for dispensing with Part of the Act for the Encouragement and Increase of Shipping and Navigation, during tire present War.

Ordered, That the said Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House on Friday next, at One a Clock; and all the Lords summoned to attend.

It is Ordered by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, That the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery do, on Friday next, at Eleven a Clock, lay before this House, in Writing, Lists of the Names of all the Justices of Peace in the several Counties of this Kingdom. Voj.. 14.

Die Jocis, 16 Martii, 1703.

IT is Ordered by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal in Parliament assembled, That the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery do lay before this House, with all convenient Speed, a List of all the Justices, who have been put out of the Commission of Peace, in the several Counties of tins '

Kingdom since Midsummer, 1700.

Die Ventns, 17 Martii, 1703.

THIS Day the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery (pursuant to Order) delivered in the Lists of all, the Justices of Peace in the several" Counties of this Kingdom.

Whereas this Day was appointed, for the House to be put into a Committee upon the Bill, intituled, An Act for Raising Recruits for the Land Forces and Marinos, and for dispensing with Part of the Act for the Encouragement and Increase of Shipping and Navigation, during the present War;

It is Ordered by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled; That this House-shall be put into a Committee thereupon on Monday next) at Twelve a Clock; and 4II the Lords, summoned to attend.; x t

Resolved, That a Pay be appointed for ti e calling over fcah of Um the House, I; House.

Resolved, That the House be called over-upon this Day Fortpkbt; and that all such Members, . as. shall not then attendTbejsent for in CastOjdy of the Serjeant tat. , Arp»s at: tending this House.; 1 , *

. - 1.;

An.ingrossed Bill, for punishing Officers, and Soldiers) Punishing who shall qwtiny, or desert her Majesty's Service, in Frig Mutiny and land or Ireland, and for planishing false Musters, and f<y Desertion better Payment of Quarters in England, for the Year One tiiousand.Sey i,hundred and Fpur, was read the Third '

time- ,

An ingrosaed Clause was offered as a Rider, That Major General Windham should not be accountable for his Regiment, for longer time than he was Colonel of the same.

And the same was once read.

And the Question being put; That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Then several other Amendments were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; and the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, and are, as follow:

Pr. J 2. L. 39. After the Word " who," insert " is."

P. 14. L. 32. After " General" insert " or other respective Paymaster,"

P. 15. L. 10. The same Amendment.

13. The same Amendment.

P. 26. L. 23. Leave out " Ninety," and insert; " Twenty,"

P. 31. L. 28. After the Words " for the," insert " Commission."

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do puss; and that the Tide be.

An Act for punishing Mutiny, Desertion, and false Musters; and for better paying of the Army, and Quarters; and for satisfying divers Arrears; and for a further Continuance of the Powers of the Five Commissioners, for examining and determining the Accounts of the Army.

Otdered, That Mr. Lowndes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Promissory resolve itself into a Committee of the whole. House, upon N°t« . the Bill, for giving like Remedy upon Notes, promising the Payment of Money, as is now upon Bills of Exchange.

Ordered, That the Trustees for Sale of the forfeited Irish Fur-Estates in Ireland, do attend this House Tomorrow feiwre«. Morning.

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords to Privilege the' Bill intituled, An Act for the further Explanation

5 E and

V

frith

Forfeitum

Insolvent Debtors.

Privilege of Publick Officers.

Answer to Address.

Duties on fell

386 ao® — II® Mat tin A. 1703.

and Regulation of Privilege of Parliament, in relation to Persons in publick Offices, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Commissioners, for taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, upon the Report, and Account, of the Trustees for Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, and upon the Report of the Commissioners of Enquiry into those Estates, referred by this House to the Examination of the said Commissioners, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow, at One a Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

then the Clause was read the Third time, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments wfre severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. L. After " Berwick' to insert " upon Tweed P. 7. L. After " Newfoundland"to insert "

in Two Places.

And the same were, upon the Question severalty put

thereupon, agreed unto by the House....

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for better securing and regulating the Duties upon Salt

Ordered, That Mr. Lowndes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Martis, 21;

Anno2 Annas Regina

Prayers.

THE House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Discharge out of Prison such insolvent Debtors, as shall serve, or procure a Person to serve, in her Majesty's Fleet, or Army.

And the same was once read, and then a Second time, and upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the Hohse, and is, as followeth:

Pr. 6. L. 9. After " stand" add " charged and." Ordered, That Sir Mathew Dudley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendment jr

The House proceeded to take Into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the further Explanation and Regulation of Privilege of Parliament, in relation to Persons in publick Offices.

And the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, and are, as follow:

Pr. 1. L. 31, 33. Leave out " or Knight, Citizen, or " Burgess, of the House, of Commons."

34, 35. Leave out " during the Time of Privilege of Parliament"

L 38. After " Privilege" add, " nor shall extend to subject the Person of such Officer, being a " Knight, Citizen, or Burgess, of the House of Commons, to be arrested or imprisoned, during the Time " of Privilege of Parliament."

L. 39, 40. Instead of " or other Person" read of the House of Commons."

Ordered, That Mr. Topham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequerreported to the House, that their Address having been presented to her Majesty, That she would be graciously pleased to give Direction for the Prosecution of the Assessors and Collectors of the Land Tax for the Parish of Bromley, in the County of Kent, and the Collectors of the Subsidy for the Town of East Greetrwich, in the same County, for illegal levying Money upon the Subject; her Majesty was pleased thereupon to say, that she will give Directions to her Attorney-general to prosecute those Offenders, and all such, as shall appear to be guilty of the like Offences.

An ingrossed Bill, foi better securing and regulating the Duties upon Salt, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That, for preventing Doubts, Rock Salt mpy be used in the making Salt from Sea Water in the Salt Works at Lawn Marsh, in the County of Cai'marthen.

And the same was twice read, and amended: And

Ordered, That the Bill, for preventing occasional Con- Occasional formity, as it passed this House, be printed; and that Conformitjr. Mr. Speaker do take care of the printing thereof.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert and Mr. Hiccoclcs:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Publick Ac-for better charging several Accomptants with Interest comptams. Money by them received, and to be- received, without Amendment:

Also, the Lords have agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Public Act for the taking, examining, and stating, the publick AccouuU. Accounts of the Kingdom, with some Amendments; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

t

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Ditta, Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled,

An Act for the taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom.

And the same were once read throughout, and are, as follow:

1 Sk. 15. L. Leave out " Robert Byerly, Esquire," and, instead thereof, insert " Sir John Hubland, Sir " Ham Scaxoen, Mr. Francis Eyles."

At the End of the Bill add the Clause, marked A.

'Clause A.

" And whereas it appears by a Report of the Commissioners, for taking, examining and determining,

" the Debts, due to the Army, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes, taken during " the late War, that Robert Byerly, Esquire, formerly " Colonel of the Regiment of Horse, now under the " Command of Major-general Hug Windham, hath not " brought in, or stated, his Accounts, of the said Regiment; whereby the Publick may not only have been " defrauded, but the Officers and Soldiers of the said " Regiment, and some of their Executors, have not been " able, for Want thereof, to have their Accounts stated,

" and the Money due to them, paid: For Remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid,

" That the said Robert Byerly shall, on or before the " First Day of December next, deliver in, upon Oath, to " the Commissioners hereby constituted, a true and perfeet Account of all Monies, Tallies, and Orders for Monies, issued to him, or any other Person for his " Use, or by his Order, for, or on Account of, the said " Regiment; and likewise a true and perfect Account,

" upon Oath, how he has paid and disposed of the same,

" together with proper Vouchers, to make out, and prove " such Payment or Disposition: And the said Commissioners hereby constituted, are hereby authorized and " directed to prepare a particular State of the said Robert Byerly s said Account, and to lay the same before " the Parliament, at the next Session of Parliament"

The First Amendment being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative, Nemine contradicente.

The Second Amendment being read a Second time;

And

% Ann. l i 0 — 240 387

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to drdw up Reasons, to be offered to the Lords at a Conference, for disagreeing to the said Amendments.

And it is referred to Sir Christopher Mr.

Tredenham, Sir Thomas Powys, Mr. Bromley, Mr: JVard, Sir Godfry Co/pku, Mr. Walsh, Sir Tho. Hanmer, Colonel Graham, Mr. St. John, Mr. , Mr. Earl

of -Dysert, Mr. BrewerSir Wm. Whitlock, Mr.

Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Pyrmctt, Sir Drake, Mr.

ley, Mr. Gery, Mr. Granville, Mr. Annesley, Mr. Toke, Sir Tho. Davall, Lord Hyde, Mr. Serjeant Girdler, Mr Hcysham, Mr. Foley, Sir Mr.

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Irish For- The House (according to Order) proceeded to take feiiures. into Consideration the Report from the Commissioners, for taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, upon the Report, and Account, of the Trustees for Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, and upon the Report of the Commissioners of Enquiry into those Estates, referred by this House to the Examination of the said Commissioners.

And the said Report was read.

Resolved, That the Trustees, for the Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, have in all Respects discharged their Duty, with great Integrity and Fidelity, to the Satisfaction of this House, and Advantage of the Publick.

And then the House (upon the Question) adjourned till Friday Morning next, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 24 die Martii;

Anno 3 Annas Regina.

Praters.

Delimit' , A N ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An c.Nat. iX Act for naturalizing Henry de Haut, George Chabot, and others, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Wm. Powlett, Sir Fr. Blake, Sir Massam, Sir John Mordant, Admiral Aylmer, Mr. Wylde, Mr. Palmes, Sir Wm. Whitlock, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Bagott, Mr. Smith, Mr. Saunderson, Mr. Walpool, Sir Hustler, Sir Beaumont, Mr. Carr, Sir Isaac Rebow, Mr. Lamplugh, Sir Gilbert Heathcote, Mr. Stanly, Mr. , Sir (fhr. Musgrave, Mr. Tredenham, Mr. Mr. Dryden,

Mr. Palmes, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Foley, Sir John Packington, Mr. Toke, Mr. Boscawen: And they are to meet at Five a Clock, this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Regard, and Sir Richard Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

Recruiting The Lords have agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Act the Force , for raising Recruits for the Land Forces and Marines, and for dispensing with Part of the Act for the Encouragement and Increase of Shipping and Navigation, during the present War, without Amendment:

Baker's He- Also, the Lords jjiave agreed to the Bill, intituled, An compense. Act for the further recompensing John Baker, Gentleman, and his Family, for the Services of Colonel Baker at Londonderry in Ireland, and for stating the Accounts of the late Receivers of the Rents and Profits of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, without Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Army Debts. ' The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Report of the Commissioners, appointed to take, examine, and determine, the Debts, due to the Army, and for Transport Service, and an Account of the Prizes, taken during the late War.

And the same was read.

Vol. 14.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the late Commissioners of Prizes have a Copy of the Report of1 the Five Commissioners of Accounts, as to what Concerns the Account of Prizes; and give their Answers, in Writing, thereunto

An Amendment Was proposed, by adding to the Question " upon Monday Severinight."

And the Question being pul, That those Words be added to the Question j

The House divided;

The Yeas go forth.

' TetoforteV

Teller, for the Noea,

So it passed in the Negative.

then it being proposed, that the Words, " Monday " next, ' be added; it was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered,'that the late Commissioners of Prizes have a Copy of the Report of the Five Commissioners of Accounts, as to what Concerns the Account of Prizes; and give their Answers, in Writing, thereunto, to this House, upon Monday next

Mir. Manley reported from the Committee, appointed publick to draw up Reasons, to be offered to the Lords at a Account; Conference, fot disagreeing with their Lordships in their Amendments to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the taking,: examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom; that the Committee had drawn up Reasons accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout.

Then the First Reason was read a Second time, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And the Second Reason, being read a Second time, was, with an Amendment made thetolo, agreed unto by the House.

And the Third Reason, being read a Second time; was, with an Amendment made thereto, agreed unto by the House.

And the other Paragraphs, being severally read a Second time, were, with several Amendments made there- unto, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are, as follow:

The Commons disagree to the Amendments, made by your Lordships to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom.

As to your Lordships First Amendment, by leaving out Robert Byerly, Esquire, and inserting the Names of Sir JohnHubland, Sir William ScawMr.

the Commons disagree, for these Reasons, which were delivered to your Lordships in February, 1691, upon the Amendments, then made by your Lordships to the ad ditional Bill, for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and state, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom:

1st, Because in all Acts, that have been passed, for taking Accounts of publick Money, the Commissioners have been always named by the Commons only; and, in particular, in an Act, passed the 19th Car. 2dl, intituled, An Act for taking the Accounts of the several Sums of Money therein mentioned; which Actimpowers the Commissioners, therein named, to take Account, not only of Money granted by the Commons,' but also of other Sums of the publick Revenue; and although that Act requires an Account to be givea to the King's Majesty, and to both Houses of Parliament, yet all the Commissioners, thereby constituted, were named solely by the Commons.

2dly, The Commons by this Bill appoint those, whom they name Commissioners, to do that out of Parliament, which, during the Session of Parliament, is the proper

Work

4

388 44 — 4 7

Work of the House of Commons, in whom, by the Law s and Customs of the Kingdom, the Power of granting Supplies to the Crown is vested, as an essential Part of their Constitution; and the taking and examining the Accounts thereof is, of Right, in them also; and they being the Representatives of all -the Commons, no Commoner can be named, but by them.

3dly, The Disposition, as well as granting Money by Act of Parliament, hath ever been in the House of Commons; and these Amendments, relating to the disposing of Money to the Commissioners, added by your Lordships, do intrench upon that Right. ' 7

And your Lordships having since agreed to several Bills, wherein the Commissioners for pa Wick Accounts were solely named by the Commons, th$y are surprised, to find your Lordships make such an Amendment to this Bill;

But, besides these Reasons, the Commons, having maturely considered the Report, and Observations, laid before them this Session by the Commissioners of Accounts, of whom Robert Byerly, Esquire, wa& one, have thereupon come to this Resolution: [

" That the Commissioners, for taking, examining, and " stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom,' have " faithfully discharged the Trust reposed in them,'to the " Satisfaction of this House, and the general Good of " the whole Nation:" ' .

And therefore, could this House: admit (whieb they never can) that your Lordships might leave out any Commissioners, appointed by this House, and appoint others; yet they cannot consent to the leaving out Robert Byerly, Esquire, of whose Abilities and Integrity) in the Discharge of this Trust, they have had so much Experience, and who was named by this House in Two' Bills of Accounts, passed by your Lordships, without any Exception made by your Lordships to him. i

The Commons observe further, that, though your Lordships have increased the Number of Commissioners, and from Seven made them Nine, you have not thought fit to alter the Quorum, Which continues to be Four; whereby great Absurdities, and Inconveniencies, may happen, from contrary inconsistent Actings in the same Commission.

As to the Clause, marked A, being your Lordships Second Amendment, the Commons disagree;

Because, had the Commons no other Direction to it, there is a Provision made in the Bill (intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny, Desertion, and false Musters, and for better paying of the Army, and Quarters, and for satisfying divers Arrears, and for a further Continuance of the Powers of the five Commissioners, for examining and determining the Accounts of the; Army) for the examining and determining the Accounts of Major-general Windham's Regiment df Horse, by the Commissioners, appointed to take, exandine,. and determine, the Debts, due to the Army, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes, taken during the late War.

The Commons are sensible, that this Bill is absolutely necessary at this Time, as is evident from the Detections, already made by the Commissioners of Accounts, of many great Frauds, Abuses, and Irregularities, to the Prejudice of the Publick; and they are very apprehensive of the ill Consequences, that may attend the Loss of this Bill; yet nothing being of greater Importance to the Publick, thatl the maintaining the just Rights and Privileges, which do belong to each House of Parliament, according to our Constitution; and it being the sole undoubted and inherent Right of the Commons to give Money, and grant Aids, which are to be raised by such Methods, and with such Provisions, and the Disposition thereof to be made in such Manner, as the Commons only think proper, upon which Right the Amendments, made by your Lordships, do plainly intrench; the Commons therefore cannot agree to your Lordships Amendments to this Bill.

Ordered, That the said Reasons be offered to the Lords at a Conference.

Conference Ordered, That Mr; Casar do go to the Lords, and

desired with desire a Conference with their Lordships upon the Subject-

‘ MartiL . 1704

matter of the Amendments) made by their Lordships to the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning,

Niue a Clock.


Lunee, 27 dieM

Anno 3 Anns Regina.

Praters.

SI R Francis Massam reported from the Committee, to Dc HautV whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, Nat

An Act for naturalizing Henry de George Chabot, and others, was committed; that they had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table;' where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, ' upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, and are, as follow

Pr. i. L. 23. Leave out " James Paul', Son of Leak " Paul, by Elizabeth Cambon, his Wife, born at

" pelfter, in Languedoc'

Pr. 2. L. 12. Leave out " James Paul."

29. Leave " James Paul.

Pr. 3. L. 18. Leave out " James Paul."

A Petition of Robei't Algood was presented to the Army Debts House, and read; setting forth, that he had, in 1688, a Commission to be a Deputy Commissary, at a Salary of to , per Day, and for near Seven Years past hath been kept out of his whole Pay; whereby there is due to him about 1,300l. of which he is offered one Half, if he will give a Discharge in full: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Commissioners, appointed to take, examine, and determine, the Debts, clue to the Army, and for Transport Service, and an Account of the Prizes, taken during the late War, to examine the same, and report the Matter of Fact to this House.

The House being informed, that several of the late Commluion-Commissioners of Prizes attended; vis. Mr. Vernon, Mr. «n of Prim. Parkhurst, and Mr. Overton; they were called in:

And Mr. Vernon presented his Answer, and Mr.

Parkhurst presented the Answer of himself. Sir Robert Murray, and Sir Michaell Cole, and also the Answer of himself, and Mr. Pascall, to such Parts of the Report of the Commissioners, appointed to take, examine, and determine, the Debts, due to ti e Army, and for Trausport Service, and an Account of the Prizes, taken during the late War, as relates to them respectively.

And then they withdrew.

The said Answers were read, and are bound up with other Papers of this Session.

Resolved, That Mr. Parkhurst and Mr. Paschall are guilty of a Breach of Trust, in not making up the Accounts of the Prizes, taking during the late War.

Resotoed, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that she will be pleased to give Direction, that Mr. Parkhurst and Mr. Pascall may be prosecuted, to oblige them to make up the Accounts of the Prizes, taken during the late War, according to the Course of the Exchequer.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House, as arc of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr. Dutie oa Rogers: Salt.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the hetter securing and regulating the Duties upon Salt, without Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew'.

6 Ordered,

Irish Forfeitures.

Supply Bill; Duty on French Wines.

Publick

Accounts.

Supply Bill; Duty on Fn nch Wines,

Orange Subjects Nat.

Manning the Navy.

Adjourn-

ment.

3 Ann. 27° Martii — 30 . 389

Ordered, That the late Trustees for Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, do deliver all such Books and Papers, as they have, and which were not directed by Act of Parliament to be delivered in Ireland, to the Clerk of this House, by a Schedule, he giving a Receipt for the same.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to put them in mind of the Bill, sent up to their Lordships the Fourth Day of March instant, intituled, An Act for granting to her Majesty an additional Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, for Three Years, and for laying a further Duty upon French Wines, condemned as lawful Prize, and for ascertaining the Values of unrated Goods, imported from the East India's.'

Ordered, That Sir Humphry do carry the said Message.

Mr. Caesar reported, that he having been at the Lords,

to desire a Conference upon the Subject-matter of their Lordships Amendments to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, the Lords do agree to a Conference, and appoint the same immediately, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordcnd, That the Committee, who drew up the Reasons, to he offered at the said Conference, do manage the Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference.

And being returned;

Mr. Manley reported, that they had attended the Conference, and given the Lords the Reasons for disagreeing to the said Amendments; and left the Bill, and the Amendments, with the Lords.

Sir Humphry Mackworth reported, that he had been at the Lords, and put them in mind of the Bill, for granting to her Majesty an additional Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage for Three Years, and for laying a further Duty upon French Wines, condemned as lawful Prize, and for ascertaining the Value of unrated Goods, imported from the East- Indias.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr. Hiccocks:

Lunar, 3° die Aprilis;

Anno 30 Ann® Rc

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act De Hant's, for naturalizing Henry de Haut, George Chabot, &c. Nat. and others, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Massdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, with some Amendments; to which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported to the Answer to House, that their Address having been presented to her Address. Majesty, That she would be pleased to give Direction, that Mr. Parkhurst and Mr. Paschall may be prosecuted, to oblige them to make up their Accounts, according to the Course of the Exchequer; her Majesty had been pleased to command him to acquaint the House, that her Majesty had given Directions for the said Prosecution, as desired.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Lancaster the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for 'Vrit the Election of a Knight of the Shire, to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Lancaster, in the room of Richard Bold, Esquire, deceased.

Papers seized by the House.

A Petition of Katharine Brent, Relict and Executrix of Petition for Robert Brent, deceased, was presented to the House, and returning read; setting forth, that in the Year 1684, Two Trunks of Writings, belonging to the Petitioner, were by an Order of this House seized, and delivered to Mr. Jodrell,

Clerk of this House; for want whereof, the Petitioner is put to great Difficulties: And praying, the same may he delivered back to her.

Ordered, That such of the said Writings, as were seized, as aforesaid, and remain with the Clerk of this House, be delivered by him to the said Mrs. Brent, by a Schedule, she giving a Receipt for the same.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have sent us, to put this House in mind of the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing the Protestant Subjects of the Principality of who have departed

their Country upon the Account of their Religion; and who are, or shall, come to settle in this Kingdom; which tends so much to the Encouragement of the Protestant Religion throughout Europe:

And also, to put this House in mind of the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more regular and speedy manning of the royal Navy, and Increase of Seamen; which is so necessary for the Defence of the Nation by Sea.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That this House do now adjourn;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by adding, " until this Day Sevennight."

The same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And then the Question, so amended, being put;

Resolved, That this House do now adjourn till this Day Sevennight.

And then the House adjourned till this Day Seven-night, Niue a Clock, accordingly.

Vol. 14.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Act for Punishing punishing Mutiny, Desertion, and false Musters, and Mutiny "d for better paying of the Army, and Quarters, and for IJesertl0"-satisfying divers Arrears, and for a further Continuance of the Pow ers of the Five Commissioners, for examining and determining the Accounts of the Army, without any Amendment:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Supply Bill; Act for granting to her Majesty an additional Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, for Three Years, and for laying w!j~neg a further Duty upon French Wines, condemned as lawful Prize, and for ascertaining the Values of unrated Goods, imported from the East Indies, without any Amendment:

Also, the Lords do desire a present Conference with Lords desire this House in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject- a Confer-matter of the last Conference. pTblick

And then the Messengers withdrew. Accounts.

Resolved, That the House doth agree to meet the Lords at a Conference, as their Lordships do desire.

And the Messengers were called in again, and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Ordered, That the Members who managed the last Conference,' do manage this Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference:

And being returned;

The Earl of JDysert reported the Conference; and that it was managed by the Duke of Bolton; w ho acquainted them, that the Lords do insist upon their First Amendment to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the taking,

5 F examining,

Papers relating to Public Accounts to be delivered to the Clerk.

Papers relating to Army Debts to he delivered to the Clerk.

De Hduts, &c. Nat.

Royal Assent to Bills.

Parliament

prorogued.

Proclamation for Meeting of Parliament.

Message t# attend the Queen.

390 30 Aprilis. — 40 Julii. — 190 — 24 1704.

examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom; but that their Lordships do not insist upon Clause A; for which they gave their Reasons: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Books and- Papers, delivered by the Clerk of this House to the late Commissioners, for taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, and also all such other Books and Papers, as they have, be delivered, by a Schedule, to the Clerk of tins House, he giving a Receipt for the same.

Ordered, That the Commissioners, appointed to take, examine, and determine, the Debts, due to the Army, and for Transport Service, and an Account of the Prizes, taken during the late War, do, upon the Expiration of their Commission, deliver to the Clerk of this House all the Books and Papers they have, by a Schedule, he giving a Receipt for the same.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford, and Mr. Pitt; That the Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Henry de Haul, George Chabot, and others.

A Message from her Majesty, by Mr. Ashton, Deputy Gentleman-usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Queen commands this honourable House to attend her Majesty in the House of Peers immediately.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend her Majesty; where her Majesty was pleased to give the royal Assent to several publick and private Bills:

And afterwards to make a most gracous Speech o both Houses.

After which the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal, by her Majesty's Command, prorogued the Parliament until Tuesday, the 4th Day of July next. 1

Martis, 4® die Julii;

Anno 30 Annae Regime.

THE House being met;

A Message was brought from the Lords by Mr. Parliament Aston, Deputy Gentleman-usher of the Black Bod: further

Mr. Speaker, prorogued.

The Lords, authorized by virtue of her Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the said Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, w'ent up to the House of Peers; where the Commission was read, for proroguing the Parliament until the 19th Day of October next; and the same was prorogued accordingly until the 19th Day of October next.

Jovis, 19 die Oc

Anno 30 Annas Regime.

THE House being met; and Mr. Speaker being in Parliament in the Country; f" er

A Message was brought from the Lords by Mr. Aston, proroSue Deputy Gentleman-usher of the Black Rod Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of her Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the said Commission read.

Accordingly the House (with the Clerk) went up to the House of Peers; where the said Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament until the 24th Day of October Instartt ;-and the same was prorogued accordingly until the 24th Day of October Instant. i

[a] By the QUEEN:

A PROCLAMATION. ANNE R.

WHEREAS our Parliament stands prorogued to the 19th Day of October next; we, with the Advice of our Privy Council, do hereby publish and declare, that the said Parliament shall be further prorogued, on the said 19th Day of October, to the 24th Day of the said Month of October; and we have given Order to our Keeper of our Great Seal of England, to prepare a Commission, for proroguing the same accordingly . And we do hereby farther declare our Pleasure, that the said Parliament shall, on the said 24th Day of October next, be held, and sit, for the Dispatch of divers weighty and important Affairs: And the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, of the House of Commons, are hereby required and commanded to give their Attendance accordingly at Westminster, on the said 24th Day of October next.

Given at our Court at HamptonCourt, the 21st Day of September, 1704, in the 3d Year of our Reign.

GOD save the Queen.

Martis, 24® die Octobris;

3® Annae Regina, Annoque Domini 1704.

A MESSAGE from her Majesty, by Mr. Aston, Deputy Gentleman-usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Queen commands this honourable House to attend her immediately in the House of Peers.

[</] At the beginning of this Journal is inserted the following printed Proclamation.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up, to attend her Majesty:

And being returned;

A Bill, for the easier Recovery of Servants Wages, Servants and for punishing of idle and disorderly Servants, was WaSe ‘ read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the grand Committee for Religion do Grand Com sit every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House. mittee *

Ordered, That the grand Committee for Grievances do sit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the grand Committee for Courts of Justice do sit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the grand Committee for Trade do sit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges and Elections Committee of be appointed, of Mr. Bromley, Mr. Annesley, Mr. JVebb, Privileges.

Sir Wm. Drake, Mr. Knatchbull, M r.Onslow, Mr. Etterick,

Sir Humphry Mackworih, Mr. Bi'idges Mr. Smith, Lord Coningsby, Mr. How, Mr. Pagitt, Sir Gervas Mr.

Southwell, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Cha. borow, Mr. Brett, Mr. Conyers, Sir Rickard Onslow, Mr.

Harvey, Mr. Manley, Mr. Bertie, Sir Geo. Rooke, Sir Robert Jenkinson, Sir Geo. Beawnont, Mr. Cesar, Mr.

Fagg, Lord Powlet, Mr. Sambrook, Mr. Halford, Sir Jos. Jekyll, Mr. Gulston, Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. Gwyn,

Sir Cha. Hotlutm, Mr. St. John, Mr. Mr.

Comptroller, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Musgrave, Mr.

Mr. Scobell, Mr. Ward, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Cow, Mr.

Ward, Sir Fran. Child, Sir GilbertDolben, Mr. Coke, Sir Tho. Powys, Mr. Toke, Mr. Freeman, Mr. , Mr.

39i

3 Ann. 24°

Brewer, Mr. Bh/sse, Mr. Mr. Thompson, Mr.

Soames, Sir Tho. Coke, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Mr.

Dormer, Mr. Comyns, Sir Tho. Machcorth, Sir Jacob Banks, Mr. Granville, Sir Dudley Cullum, Sir Meadowes, Colonel Byerley, Mr Earl of Dysert,

Mr. Edgcombe, Mr. Lawson, Mr. Clark, Mr. Robert Bertie, Mr. /Ish, Colonel Lee, Mr. Winstanley, Mr. darois, Lord Cheine, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Verney, Mr. Hatpur, Mr. Webb, Mr. Hamond, Sir . St. Quintin, Mr. Crawley: And they are to meet upon Wednesday Sevennight, at Five a Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chambers; and sit every Friday, Monday, and Wednesday, in the Afternoon; and all, that come, are to have Voices: And they are to take into Consideration all such Matters, as shall or may come into Question, touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges; and to proceed upon double Returns in the first Place; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinion therein, to the House, from time to time: And all Persons, that'will question Returns, are to do it in Fourteen Days next; and so within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in: And the Committee to have Power

- U

to send for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their In-, formation: And all Members who are returned for Two or more Places, are to make their Elections by this Day Three Weeks, for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place: And if any thing shall come in Question, touching the Return, Election, or Matter of Privilege, of any Member, he is to withdraw, during the Time, that Matter is in Debate; and that all Members, returned upon double Returns, do withdraw, until their Returns ire determined.

Usual Resolved, That no Member hath Privilege in Cases,

Orders. where he is only a Trustee; and that the same be declared a standing Order of the House.

Resohed, That no Peer of this Realm hath any right to give his Vote in the Election for any Member, to serve in Parliament.

Resolved, That where the House shall judge any Petition, touching Elections, to b« frivolous and vexatious, the 1 louse will order Satisfaction to be made to the Person petitioned against. t

Resolved, That, in case it shall appear, any Person hath procured himself to be elected, or returned, as a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery, or any other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Person.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear, any Person hath been tampering with any Witnesses, in respect of their Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee . thereof, or directly or indirectly endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence, the same is declared to be a high Crime and Misdemeanor, and this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offenders.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear, any Person hath given faPe Evidence in any Case before the House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offenders.

Resolved, That for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members, to serve for the Commons in Parliament, the same is a high Infringement of the liberties and Privileges of the Commons of England.

Ordered, That no Letters be delivered out by the Postman attending this House, until the rising of the House; and that the same be declared a standing Order of the House.

The Queen's Mr. Speaker reported, that, upon the Attendance upon Speeeh her Majesty in the House of Peers, her Majesty had been

reported. pleased to make a most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament; and that he had obtained a Copy thereof; which he read to the House, and is, as followeth:

Vol. 14.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

THE great and remarkable Success, with which God hath blessed our Arms in this Summer, hath stirred up our good Subjects, in all Parts of the Kingdom, to express their unanimous Joy antt Satisfaction; and I assure myself, you are all come disposed to do every thing, that is necessary, for the effectual Prosecution of the War; nothing being more obvious, than that a timely Improvement of our present Advantages will enable us to procure a lasting Foundation of Security for England, and a firm Support for the Liberty of Europe. This is my Aim:

I have no Interest, nor ever will have, but to promote the Good and Happiness of all my Subjects.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I must desire such Supplies of you, as may be requisite for carrying on the next Year's Service, both by Sea and Land, and for punctually performing our Treaties with all our Allies; the rather, for that some of them have just Pretensions, depending ever since the last War; and I need not put you in mind, of what Importance it is, to preserve the public Credit both abroad and at home.

I believe, you will find some Charges necessary next Year, which were not mentioned in the last Sessions; and some extraordinary Expences incurred since, which were not then provided for.

I assure you, that all the Supplies you give, with what I am able to spare from my own Expences, shall be carefully applied to the best Advantage for the publick Service; and I earnestly recommend to you a speedy Dispatch, as that, which, under the good Providence of God, we must chiefly depend upon, to disappoint the earliest Design of our Enemies.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I cannot but tell you, how essential it is, for attaining these great Ends abroad, of which we have so hopeful a Prospect, that w e should be entirely united at home.

It is plain, our Enemies have no Encouragemeflt left, but what arises from their Hopes of our Divisions: Tis therefore your Concern, not to give the least Countenance to those Hopes.

Mv Inclinations are to be kind and indulgent to you all.

I hope you will do nothing, to endanger the Loss of this Opportunity, which God has put into our Hands, of securing ourselves, and all Europe', and that there will be no Contention among you, but who shall most promote the publick Welfare.

Such a Temperas this, in all your Proceedings, cannot fail of securing your Reputation both at home and abroad.

This would make me a happy Queen, whose utmost Endeavours shall never be wanting to make you a happy and flourishing People.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That an humble Ad- Address on dress be presented to her Majesty, returning her Majesty the Queen's the Thanks of this House for her most gracious Speech; Speech, and to congratulate her Majesty upon the glorious Success of her Majesty's Arms; and to assure her Majesty, that this House will enable her Majesty, with Supplies, to pursue those Advantages; and will give the speediest Dispatch to the publick Business.

Ordered, That an Address be drawn up, upon the said Resolution; and that a Committee be appointed, to draw up the same:

And it is referred to the Earl of Dysert, Mr. Solicitor-general, Mr. Pooley, Sir Tho. Powys, Sir Rich. Onslow,

Colonel Byerley, Mr. St. John, Mr. Cesar, Mr. Bromley,

Sir Cha. Barrington, Sir Wm.Drake, Sir Cha. Hot ham,

Mr. Cur sen, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Smith, Mr. Walpole,

Lord Cheine, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. How, Mr. Scobell,

Mr. Coke, Mr. Pa git, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Bridgman, Mr.

Etterick, Colonel Godfrey, Mr. Gulston, Mr. Onslow, Mr.

King, Mr. Compton, Mr. Cowper, Sir Hump. Mackworth,

Sir Wm. Whitlock, Sir Cyril Wych, Mr. Mr.

Southwell, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Ward, Mr. Lee, Mr. Guy,

Lord Coningsby, Sir Tho. Hanmer, Sir Tho. Pelham, Sir Wm. St. Quintin, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Gery, Mr. Gwyn, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Lowndes: And they

ara

The Queer ! Speech to b< considered.

North imp-ton Wiiu

Newcastle under Line Writ.

Romney

Writ.

]\ Taids tone Writ

Ilindon

Writ.

Westmoreland Writ.

Call of the House.

Poor Relief.

Anglesea

Writ.

Printing

Votes.

Dr. Bincks to preach on 5th Nov.

392 240 — 250 —

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That her Majesty's Speech be referred to the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, take into further Consideration her Majesty's most gracious Speech.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the C lerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Northampton,in the room of

Tale, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown,- to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Newcastle under IJne, in the County of Stafford,in the room of John Crete Ojjley, Esquire, whose

El» etion hath been declared void.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a C'oui-baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Port of New Romney, in the room of Sir Benjamin Bathurst, Knight, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing Two Burgesses, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Maidstone, in the County of Kent,in the room of Sir Robert Knight and

Baronet, and Sir '1 ho. Roberts, Baronet, whose Elections have been declared void.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new- Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ilindon, in the County of in

the room of George Morley, Esquire, whose Election has been declared void.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Knight of the Shire, to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Win the room of Sir Christopher Musgrave, Knight and Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That the House be called over upon Thursday Scvennight.

Ordered, That all such Members, as shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for the better Relief, Employment, and Settlement, of the Poor; and that Sir Humphry and Mr.

ley do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Knight of the Shire, to serve in this present Parliament for the County of in the room of

Richard Lord Viscount Bulkley, of the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased.

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, being first perused by Mr. Speaker; and that no other Person do presume to print the same, but such, as he shall appoint.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 25 die Octobris;

3 Annas Regina.

PRA Y ER8.

/ORDERED, That Doctor Bincks, Dean of,

be desired to preach before this House upon the 5th

31® Octobris. A. 1704.

Day of November next, at St. Margaret's, Westminster; and that Sir Christopher Hales, Mr. Annesley, and Mr.

Mitchell, do acquaint him therewith.

The Earl of Dysert reported from the Committee, to Address on whom it was referred to draw up an humble Address, to Queen's be presented to her Majesty, upon the Resolution Yester- Speech, day; that they had drawn up an Address accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House:

Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was twice read, and amended, by leaving out the Word " those," before " Advantages," and inserting " these," instead thereof; and is, as followeth; viz.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled, do beg Leave to return your Majesty our most humble and hearty Thanks for your Majesty's most gracious Speech from the Throne; and to congratulate your Majesty upon the great and glorious Successes, with which it hath pleased God to bless your Majesty, in the intire Defeat of the united Force of France and by the Arms of your Majesty, and your Allies, under the Command, and by the Courage and Conduct, of the Duke of Marlborough, and in the Victory obtained by

your Majesty's Fleet, under the Command, and by the Courage and Conduct, of Sir George Rooke.

Your Majesty can never be disappointed in your Expectation from us, your faithful Commons, who all come disposed to do every thing, that is necessary for the effectual Prosecution of the War; and therefore your Majesty may depend on our providing such Supplies, and t

giving such speedy Dispatch to the publick Business, as may enable your Majesty to pursue these Advantages, so happily obtained over the common enemy; which we can never doubt, but your Majesty's Wisdom will improve, to the procuring a lasting Security for England, and a firm Support for the Liberty of Europe.

We are truly sensible, that nothing can be more essential for the attaining these great Ends, than to be intirely united at heme: We shall therefore use our utmost Endeavours, by all proper Methods, to prevent all Divisions among us; and will have no Contention, but who shall most promote and establish the publick Welfare, both in Church and State. Thus your Majesty's Reign will be made happy, and your Memory blessed to all Posterity.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Address, so amended.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council, do humbly know her Majesty's Pleasure, when she will be attended by this House.

Mr. Secretary Hedges reported, that he having (accord- Queen ing to Order) waited upon her Majesty, to know, when appoints to she would be pleased to be attended by this House, her be attended. Majesty has been pleased to appoint this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, at her Palace at St. James's.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning,

Nine a Clock.

Martis, 31 die Octobris; 3° Ann® Regime.

Prayers.

MR. Speaker reported, that he,' with the House, did, Answer t«; upon Wednesday last, present their humble Address Addiess.

to her Majesty; and that her Majesty received the same very graciously, and was pleased tp give this gracious Answer;

Gentlemen,

ANK 3 r0 Octobris — i6 — 20 Novembris. 393

Gentlemen,

I Return you many Thanks for this Address, and the Assurances you give me, of dispatching the Supplies, and avoiding all Divisions; both which, as they are extremely.acceptable to me, so they will be advantageous to yourselves, and beneficial to the Publick.

Buckingham Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to "nt the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a neiy Writ, for the electing a Knight, to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Bucin the room of the honourable Goodwin Wh, Esquire, deceased.

Ease of Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for Sheriff's. the Ease of Sheriffs, in Execution of their Offices, and in passing their Accounts; and that Mr: Bezier, and Sir Wm. Drake, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Promissory Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for Motes. giving like Remedy upon Notes, promising the Payment of Money, as is now used upon Bills of Exchange; and that Mr. Eyres, Mr. Sharp, and Mr. Ward, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Supply. The House (according to Order)proceeded to take into

further Consideration her Majesty's most gracious Speech.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And a lotion being made, That a Supply be granted to her Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 1 die Novembris;

3 Annas Regime.

Praters.

Supply. rTPHE Order of the Day being read, for the House to X resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion Yesterday, for a Supply to be granted to her Majesty;

Ordered, That her Majesty's Speech be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House (according to Order) resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

OrderedThat the Report be made Tomorrow

Morning.

Committee of Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec-

tmik es. tions be adjourned until this Day Sevennight; and do

then meet at Five a Clock in the Afternoon, in the

Speaker's Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 2° die;

3° Annae Regime.

Praters.

Vuronnt A PETITION of the Right Honourable Thomas Lord Tcviou's xx. Viscount Teviott, in the Kingdom of Scotland, was

presented to the House, and read setting forth, that he

was born in Holland, always was a Protestant, and has given good Testimony of his Loyalty to her Majesty: Vol. 14.

And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be givetl to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr.

Mountague do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. BrezOer (according to Order) presented to the Ease of House a Bill, for the Ease of Sheriffs, in Execution of Sheriffs, their Offices, and in passing their Accounts; and the same was received, and read the First time:

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir HumphryMackrcorth (according to Order) pre- poor Relief,

sented to the House a Bill, for the better Relief, Employment, and Settlement, of the Poor; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Saturday Morning next.

A Petition of Louise Marie Cressett, Wife of James Cressett's Cressett, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Nat setting forth, that the Petitioner was born in France, but is of the Protestant Religion: And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for her Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of tire said Petition ;, and that Mr.

Knatchbull and Sir Humphry Mackworth do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the supply. Committee of the whole House, who were to consider of the Motion for a Supply to be granted to her Majesty, the- Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards -delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is, as followeth:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Supply be granted to her Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, Netnine contradicente, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Sea Service, for the Navy and Year 1705, be laid before this House. Army Esti-

Ordered, That an Account of the particular Expences mates-on the several Heads of the Ordinary of the Navy, for the last Year, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account of the extraordinary Expences, upon Account of the late Storm, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account of the present Debt of the Navy, upon the respective Heads thereof, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate in the Office of Ordnance,

relating to the Sea Service, for the Year 1705, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account of the Expence of the Ordinary of the Office of Orduance, for the Years 1703 and 1704, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Land Forces, for the Year 1705, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year 1705, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account of the Subsidies to her Majesty's Allies, due by the respective Treaties, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That such additional Treaties, as her Majesty hath made with her Allies, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account of the Incomes and Issues of the publick Money, for the Year 1704, be laid before, this House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that she will please to give Directions to the

5 G respective

Address in Favour of Seamen and Land Forres for gallantry in late Actions.

Call of the House

Answer to Address.

394

apective-Offices, that the said Estimates, Accounts, and Treaties, may be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, Nomine contradicenteThat an humble Ad-

dress be presented to her Majesty, that she will be graciously pleased to bestow her Bounty upon the Seamen, and Land Forces, who have behaved themselves so gallantly in the late Actions, both by Sea and Land.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House, as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned until this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That such Members, as shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

H..1 I im i i < . — — . 1

Veneris, 3 dieNovembris; Anno 3 Annas

Pit a Yfcfcs.

MR. Comptroller acquainted the House, that their Address having been presented to her Majesty, That

1704.

she would please to give Direction to the respective Offices, to lay before this House, Estimates, and Accounts, relating to the Navy, and Land Forces, and the additional Treaties with her Majesty's Allies; her Majesty had been pleased to answer, that she would give Order, that all the Papers desired should be laid before the House.

Mr. St. John acquainted the House, that he had, according to her Majesty's Command, ready to present to the House,

An Estimate of the Guards, Garrisons, and Land Forces, in England, Jersey, Guernsey, the Plantations, and for Sea Service, with the Charge thereof, for the Year 1705; and,

An Estimate of the Forty thousand Men, to act in Conjunction with the Forces of the Allies in the Low Countries, with the Charge thereof, for the Year 1705; and An Estimate of the Forces in Portugal, and the Charge thereof, for the Year 170,5; and,

An Estimate of the Troops of Augmentation in the Lorw Countries, and the Charge thereof for the Year 1705; and,

An Account of her Majesty's Proportion of the Subsidies, payable to her Allies, pursuant to Treaties, for the Service of the Year 1705; and,

An Account of some extraordinary Expences of the War, not provided for in the last Sessions of Parliament, or incurred since.

And he presented the same to the House accordingly And the Titles thereof were read.

And the said Estimates, and Accounts, are, as.follow; viz.

2° — 30 Nov.

The ESTIMATE of the Guards, Garrisons, and Land Forces, in England, Jersey, Guernsey, the Plantations, and for Sea Service, with the Charge thereof, for the Year, 1705.

(First Troop of Guards Second Troop of Guards Third Troop of Guards Troop of Grenadier Guards Royal Regiment of Guards

Dragoons.

Queen's Regiment Earl of Essex's

Foot - -<

First Regiment of Foot Guards -Coldstream Regiment of Guards Royal Regiment of Fuzileers Colonel Mordaunt's Regiment -Lord Lucas's -

In the West Indies,

For Sea Service.

Colonel Rivers's -Colonel Handaside's -Colonel Livesaye's -

Colonel Whet ham's -Colonel Rook's -Lord Poston's

Four Companies at New York -One Company at Bermudas One Company at Newfoundland

General Officers -

Contingencies -

Garrisons, &c.

Invalids

£ s. d.

- 10,669 10 °1

5,049 oof 16,872 11 8f 5>oooo 0 q) Total

Numbers.

l8l

181

l8l

177

427

407

407

2,002

1,002

488

834

834

834

834

834

834

834

834

449

58

93

i, M7

814

5,160

5,004

12,125

600

12,725

Charge per Aunum.

85,607 14 2

?9,47 9 16 8

>194,435 10 o

309,523 o 10

9,885 17 6

319,408 18 4

37,591 8

357,000 o o>

H. St. John.

Army

mates.

3 Ann.

3 Nevemirts.

395

The ESTIMATE of 40,000 Men, to act in Conjunction with the Forces of the Allies in the

with the Charge thereof, for the Year 1705.

English. {

Horse.

Lieutenant-general Lumly's Regiment Major-general Wood's,

Brigadier Cadegan's -Lieutenant-general Windham's Duke of SchoubergKs -

Dragoons.

Lord John HayTs-

Major-general Ross's -

Foot.

Royal Raiment of Foot General ChurchilCs -

Brigadier Webb's -

Lord North and Grey's Brigadier How's -

Earl of Derby's -

Brigadier Frederick Hamilton's ( -iScor/s Fuzileers -Lieutenant-general Ingoldsby's Colonel Tatton's -

Brigadier Ferguson's -

Sir jRicA. Temple's -

Colonel Meredith's -

Colonel Elliott's -

.Colonel Evans's -

S'

General Officers ..... Contingencies - -

Forage, and Waggon-money

TotaJforthe English

(Danes- - -

Prussians -

Hessians ——

Hanover and Ce//

Another Regiment of Hanover Foot Guards.

£ 16,302 10 io

10,000 o 0'

16,259 15 0

Numbers.

598

400

397

400

490

539

539

1,8.76

938

938

938

938

938

938

938

938

938

938

938

938

938

867

6,000

2,532

3,080

9.225

775

1,078

18,210

21,612

Increase, by the Difference of the Exchange, the former Compu-3 tations, for 1704, haying been made at 1 o Guilders,.11 Stivers, j 1, to a Pound Sterling, and for 1705, at 10 Guilders, 10 Stivers)

Charge per Annum.

14,937

39,822

Bread Waggons for the 40,000 Men -

For Forage, Waggon-money, and Recruits, for the Foreigners, pursuant to Treaties

Totaj.

£. s. d. 9 2

38,568 6 8

258,514 5 10

419,099 1 8

42,562 5 10

461,661 7 4

116,2$2 15 0

43,018 18 6

53,685 0 0

159,543 7 6

11,903 15 0

845,193 3 6

2Q,0QQ Q 0

O O <D 0 0

885,193 3 6

131 1

H. St. John.

ESTIMATE of the Forces in Portugal, and the Charge thereof, for the Year 1705.

Horse.

Major-general Har Regiment Dragoons.

The Royal Regiment Brigadier Cunningham's

Foot.

Earl of Portmore's Regiment -Lieutenant-general Stual't's -Colonel Stanhop's -Earl of Barrimore's Colonel Blood's -Colonel BrudenelCs

Lord Mountjoyes -

Colonel Duncanson's Earl of DornicgalTs Another Regiment

VpL. 14-

Numbers. Charge per Annum.

I- s. d.

? 418 23,107 10 10

589 443 876 876 876 876 876 876 876 876 876 876 1,032 8,760 36,378 6 8 155,125 0 0

i. 10,210 214,610 17 6

396

3 Novembris.

A. 1704.

General Officers Contingencies

£ s. d.

- 11,436 13 4>

- 4,000 o oj

'Total of the Establishment -

Deduct Two Thirds of the Poundage

Tbtal of this Establishment Total of the last Estimate

Remains

Difference increased

Which arises thus:

Ry Brigadier Cunningham's Regiment of Dragoons By Earl , Donnegall's Regiment of Foot Another Regiment of Foot - -

Two Surgeons, and Four Mates

s. <L

15,436 13 4

230,047 10 10

7,668 5 0

222,379 5 10

222,379 5 10

176,481 11 0

45,897 14 10

15,725 8 4

15.512 to o

15.512 10 0 730 0 o

47,48o 8 4

1,582 13 6

45,897 14 10

Deduct Two Thirds of the Poundage - -

St. John.

ESTIMATE of the Troops of Augmentation in the Low Countries, and the Charge thereof, for the Year 1705.

Numbers. Charge per Annum.

C Colonel Regiment - 876

English Foot - } Bngidie mm 876

® y Colonel Strangers - 876 Guilders. St

(. Colonel Macartnye's - - - 876

3,504 667,037 10

yr , . f Two Regiments of Dragoons HoUtem Gottorp [ Tw0 of Foof . " 1,116 1,766

2,882 578,981 5

Sax Gotha - - f I"'0 5 l>ents of - - 892

} Two Regiments of Foot - - . - 1,708 ,

2,600 488,266 10

Munster - - Three Regiments of Foot A - - 2,442 352,754 5

Hesse Cassell - One Regiment of Foot - - 885 ' 122,621 »5

Osnabrug - - One Regiment of Foot m m - - 807 110,626 18

Oost Frize - - One Regiment of Foot - - - 797 113,405 10

( One Regiment of Dragoons - - - 58l

Leige - - < Two Regiments of Foot - - 1,596

( Another Regiment of Foot - m 797

' 2,974 497,513 5

Palatine - - Four Regiments of Foot - - m 2, Coo 322,321 5

Danes - - - Surplus of the Danes, part of the 40,000 Men trans-

ferred to the Establishment of the Troops of} - 520 ‘ 174,752 17

Augmentation - ~ m - -J

Total m - - 20,011 3,428,275 0

One Half for her Majesty m <» am - 10,005 1,714,137 It)

£ s. d.

Which Sum of 1,714,137 Guilders, 10 Stivers, at iq Guilders, 10 Stivers,} - R

to the Pound Sterling, makes....

Bread Waggons for the 10,000 Men - ' 5,000 o o

For Forage, Waggon-money, and Recruits, for the Foreigners, pursuant to-) 0 26o o o

the Treaties .....}

Total

Increased in the Year 1705, in the Pay of the Troops, which are}

to be paid according to their Establishment, for the whole Year, whereas f in 1704 they had only, in lieu of Pay, a Subsidy of 2,500 Crowns a Month, for January, February, and March - - - - -)

And by the Difference of the Exchange; the former Computations, fori 1704, being made at 1 o Guilders, 11 Stivers, to a Pound Sterling, ttnd> for 1705, at 10 Guilders, 10 Stivers - - - )

i77,5i» 3 6

3,296 6 o

773 13 6

H. St. John.

4,069 19 6

The

TTarrht's

£ tate.

Viscount

Teviott's

Nat.

3 Ann. 3° Novembris.

397

The ACCOUNT of her Majesty's Proportion of the SUBSIDIES, payable to her Allies, pursuant to Treaties, for the Service of the Year 1705.

To the King of Denmark, to be paid in Bank Money at Hamborough -To the King of Portugal, for defraying her Majesty's Proportion of the Charge of} 13,000 Men, 666,666 Patacoons. 33 St. at 45. 6tl. each - - - -J

To the Duke of Savoy, at the Rate of 53,333 Crowns -f- per Month To the Landgrave of Hesse Cassell - -

To the Elector of Treves ——

To the Elector Palatine - -

liament, or incurred since.

To the Duke of Savoy, for her Majesty'y Share of Three Months Subsidy, from the

3d of October, 1703, pursuant to the Treaty with the said Duke, [which commences ] from that Day, at 53,333 Crowns 4- per Month - -

For Levy-money, for recruiting the Horses of the English Horse and Dragoons, 1 Battles of Sehellenberg and Blenheim, amounting, as per Estimate, to

For Levy-money, for recruiting the Men and Horses of the Lunenburg Troops,-) in her Majesty's Pay, lost in those Actions, according to the Allowances made> 8,< by the States to the Troops in their Service ----- -)

And for the Men and Horses of a Regiment of Dragoons of Sax Gotha, in her")

Majesty's Pay, lost in the same Actions ——

For her Majesty's Share of Levy-money, for recruiting the Men and Horses of the Troops of mark, Prussia, and Hesse Cassell, in the Service and Pay of her Majesty and the States General, > lost in the same Actions, amounting, according to the Allowances aforementioned, to - -)

For the Charge of an additional Regiment of Dragoons and Foot, upon the Portugal Establish-} ment, computed for 60 Days, from the 25th of October, to the 24th of December, 1704 For the Charge of Two Chirurgeons, and Four Mates, for the Hospital in Portugal, computed} from the 25th of August, to the 24th of December, 1704 -----)

Crowns a Year. Pounds Sterling.

150,000 £ s. d. 37,500 0 0

600,000 150,000 0 0

640,000 160,000 0 0

50,000 11,904 »5 0

25,000 5,952 7

20,000 4,761 18 6

1,485,000 370,119 1 0

H. St. John.

r in the last Sessions of Par-

Crowns. Pounds Sterling.

> 160,000 £. s. d. 40,000 0 0

/ ost at the] 6,725, 0 0

L- s. d.'

)40 10 0 > 9,471 10 0

531

14,593 10 o

5,135 o o

244

76,169 o o H. St. John.

Ordered, That the said Estimates, and Accounts, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of Agnes Hacche, Widow, Thomas Stafford, Gentleman, and Susannah, his Wife, Sarah Hacche, and the Trustees appointed by the last Will and Testament of Robert Hacche, late of Satterly, in the County of Devon, Esquire, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said Testator made his Will in 1699, and thereby devised his Manor of in Devon,

and all other his Estates, to his said Wife, and Trustees, to raise Money, by leasing, or mortgaging the same, for Payment of his Debts and Legacies, and for the Maintenance and Education of ins l ive Daughters, and for other Purposes; but some Doubts arising, touching the Power given the Trustees, they cannot dispose of the Premisses, for the Purposes in the Will: And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to enable the Trustees to make Leases, or Sale, of the said Manor of Chittlehamholt, and other Lands, for the Purposes in the Will declared.

Ordered, That Leave, be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Air.

Gvyn, Sir Robert Davers, Sir Churles Bloys, and Mr.

Burridge, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Montague (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill, for naturalizing Thomas Levivgston, Viscount Texiott in the Kingdom of Scotland-, and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved \That the Bill be read a Second time.

These words are supplied from the original Account.

Yol. 14-

A Petition of Eliz. Williams, Widow and Relict of William ' Thomas Williams, late of Cabalya, Esquire, deceased, Estate. Mother and Guardian to Eliz. Williams, an Infant, under the Age of Eight Years, on the behalf of the said Elizabeth the Infant, and of divers the Creditors of Richard, and the said Tho. William, deceased, both late of Cabalva, in the County of Radnor, Esquires, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said Richard was indebted to several Pei-sons, and made his Will, and charged all his Estate therewith, and then devised it to his Brother Thomas-, who also made his Will, and subjected all his Estate to the Payment of his Debts, and entailed the Residue on his only Child, the said Infant: That his Debts amount to above 6,000l. and no body will advance any Money upon the said Estate, by reason of the Infancy of Eliz.without tho Aid of an Act of Parliament for that Purpose: And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for vesting in Trustees the Estate late of the said Tho. Williams, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts,

and Incumbrances thereupon; and that the Overplus of the Money, or Remainder of the Estate, may be settled according to his Will.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that - Mr.

Foley and Mr. Harley do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Knalchbull (according to Order) presented to the cre« tt's House a Bill, for naturalizing Ijnii.se Nat.

Wife of James Cresseit, Esquire; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

5 II A Petition

398

3° Novembris.

A. 1704.

Ix>c rt'» A Petition of James Esquire, and

£buu. his Wife, was presented to the House, and readsetting forth, that Winifred Luchin, and the said Dorothy, as Sisters and Heirs of Sir Tho. Luckin, were seised in Fee of certain Lands and Tenements in Essex; and that, after the Petitioner's Intermarriage, he made a voluntary Settlement, to the Use of themselves, for their Lives, and the Survivor, with Power to raise 800l. for Payment of Debts, and 2,000l. for younger Children's Portions, and then to Trustees, for their First and other Sons in Tail, and after to Daughters, Remainder to the right Heirs of the Petitioners, with Power of Revocation, upon a Partition, so as the Share, allotted to the Petitioners, should be settled to the same Uses: That a Partition has been made; by the Expences whereof, Discharge of Incumbrances, and Improvement of the said Estate, the Debts of the Petitioner amount to 1,800l. which, by the Powers of the said Settlement, or other the usual Methods of Law, the Petitioners are not able to raise: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, to enable the Petitioners to sell the said Estate, for Payment of the said Debts, and to purchase other Lands and Tenements with the Overplus of the Money, to be settled to the like Uses.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Vaughan and Mr. Corny ns do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Scudamore's A Petition of Ann Scudamore, Widow and Relict of

EsUte. Ambrose Scudamore, Esquire, deceased, William

more, Esquire, Son and Heir of the said Ambrose Scudamore, and Ambrose Scudamore and Robert Scudamore, the Two younger Sons of the said Ambrose Scudamore,deceased, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that Ambrose, the Father, having purchased several Lands and Tenements in his Life-time, mortgaged the same for 1,400l. and became otherwise indebted about 600l. and afterwards settled the Premises on himself and the Petitioner Am, for Life, and afterwards on the Petitioners Ambrose and Robert: That the said Incumbrance still is on the said Estate, and the eldest Brother, hath

made an Agreement with his Brothers Ambrose and Robert, to pay them a Sum of Money, which will be of more Advantage to them, than their Interest in the Premises, in case he may have their Interest in the Settlement; but the same cannot be done, without the Aid of an Act of Parliament, by reason of the Infancy of the said Ambrose and Robert: And praying, that I ave be given to bring in a Bill, to vest the said Estate in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Money, to satisfy the said Debts, and placing out the Residue at Interest, or in vesting it in a Purchase, to the Use of the said Ann,

for her Life, and after to the said William, his Heirs, Executors, or Administrators.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr.

Cocks and Mr. Bracer do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Bill, for the Ease of Sheriffs, in the Execution o Ease of their Offices, and in passing their Accounts, was read a Sheriffs. Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Brewer,

Sir Wm. St. Quintin, Colonel Byerly, Sir Cha. Jlotham,

Mr. Foley, Mr. Harley, Mr. Fox, Mr. Vernon, Mr. An-nesley, Mr. Gee, Mr. Gwyn, Sir John , Sir

Copley, Mr. Bromley, Sir Tho. Powys, Mr. Sharj), Mr.

Pooky, Mr. Walpole, Lord Cheine, Mr. Rozvney, Sir Wm.

Drake, Mr. Mitchell, Sir Cha. Blois, Sir Elwes,

Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Jessop, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Topham, Mr. Foley, Mr. Carteret, Mr. Hicks,

Mr. Curson, Sir John Kay, Mr. Henley, Mr. Bingham,

Mr. Ash, Mr. Wentworth: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Secretary Hedges acquainted the House, that their Answer to Address having been presented to her Majesty, That she Address, would be graciously pleased to bestow her Bounty upon the Seamen, and Land Forces, who behaved themselves so gallantly in the late Actions, both by Sea and Land; her Majesty had been pleased to command him to acquaint this House, that her Majesty is always so desirous to give Encouragement to those, who do great Services to the Publick, that she cannot but be well pleased with the Notice you have taken of them in your Address; and that her Majesty will take Care to give Directions accordingly.

Colonel Churchill acquainted the House, that he had j avy Esti-(according to her Majesty's Command) ready to present mate, to the House,

An Abstract of the ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1705: And,

An Estimate of the Charge of her Majesty's Bounty to the Widows and Orphans of the Seamen, lost in her Majesty's Ships and Vessels, cast aw'ay in the late great Storm: And,

An Estimate of the Charge of the Ships built, and building, in lieu of those lost in the great Storm the last Year: And,

An Estimate of the Debt of her Majesty's Navy, as it stood on the several Heads the 30th of September, 1704.

And he presented the same to the House accordingly:

And the Titles thereof were read.

And the said Abstracts, and Estimates, are, as follow; viz.

Navy Office, October > The ABSTRACT of the ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1705.

26, 1704. j

1. Council to his Royal Highness, Lord High Admiral of England, &c. Commissioners of) £. the Navy, with their Secretaries, Officers, Clerks, Instruments, and Contingencies > 30,179

relating thereto, &c.

2.

3

4.

Yards.

Pensions to the superannuated Sea Officers, and to the Widows of others, &c.

£. s.

r Chatham ----- -- - 3,282 2

Deptford - -- 2,709 16

Woolwich - - - -.....2,276 18

Portsmouth - -- 3,286 16

Sheerness - -- 1,535 9

Plymouth - -- 2,242 18 11

Kinsale -.....- - 1,012 o 0.

Muster-master, and other Officers of the Out-ports ——

Wages to Ships and Vessels in Ordinary - - - -....

Victuals for Officers and Men serving therein ——

13. Charge of Harbour Moorings -

14. Ordinary Repairs of the Ships in Harbour, and of the Docks, Wharfs, Storehouses, &c.

7-

8.

9-

10.

11.

12.

1,019

13,578

6,443

16,233

35,2i6

d.

8

18,011 5 2

16,346 12 7

o

o

4

o

0

o

6

6

o

o

137,026 8 5 32,005 o 0

15. Charge of the Register Office - -

The extra Expence is according to the Number of Seamen, the House shall think fit to give for the Year 1705. 7 G. Churchill, J. Bridges,

H. Pagett.

3 Ann. 3°

Navy Office,26 October,7 The said ESTIMATE of the Charge of her Majesty's Bounty to the Widows and

1704.,) Orphans of the Seamen, lost in the late great Storm, made in pursuance of his Royal

Highness' Command, received by Letter from one of his Highness' Secretaries, of the 25th Instant; viz.

s. d.

The Bounty, actually paid on this Account, amounts to -

The Claims in the Office, which will be speedily adjusted, and paid, amount to

What-further Claims may come in, is uncertain; but supposed may amount to about

13>»34 3 8 859 9 4 1,000 o o

14,993 13 o

G. Churchill, J. Badges,

H. Pagett.

Navy Office, 26 October,! The ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Ships built, and building, in lieu of those, 1704. } which were lost last Year in the great Storm, made in pursuance of his Royal

' Highness' Commands, received by Letter from one of his Highness' Secretaries, dated the 25th Instant; viz.

Charge of the Four new Third Rates, of 70 Guns, building at Deptford, Woolwich, £. S. d.

and Portsmouth, in lieu of the Northumberland, Restoration, Sterling Castle, and Resolution, as> 80,750 o o will appear by the particular Estimates, already confirmed - - - )

Charge of the Four Fourth Rates, Three whereof are built, namely, the Mary, Reserve,! and Newcastle, and One building at Plymouth, in lieu of the York, for which particular Estimates > 44,770 o o

have been likewise confirmed - - ----- --- 1

125,520 o o

Charge of building a Fourth Rate, of 50 Guns, in lieu of the Vigo, if it shall be thought fit7 g 712 o to set up one, will be ... ~ }

134,232 o o

G. Churchill, J. Brydges,

H. Pagett.

Vo 1. 14.

Admiralty

Admiralty Office, 7 20th October, 1704.)

An ESTIMATE of the Debt of her Majesty's Navy, on the Heads hereafter mentioned, as it stood on the 30th September, 1704.

D

eg'

t — h

N'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o.

(g.

rT

Heads of the NAVAL ESTIMATES.

Due on Bills in the Second Book; namely Pursers Balance Bills, and for extraordi-n nary necessary Money, Pensions, Half-pays, Surgeons, Free-gift, 8$c. occurred before ( the last Reign - )

Wear and Tear, ordinary and extraordinary Repairs.

Due, to pay off and discharge all the Bills entered in Course, in the Ordinary and} Extraordinary of her Majesty's Navy, and all other Debts arising for Stores delivered,f and daily expected, upon Contracts made for foreign Commodities for which Bills f were not made out, with the Debt of the Out-ports

To her Majesty's Yards, and Rope-yards, for the Ordinary and Extraordinary") thereof - - -- -- j

Seamen's Wages. '

Due to several Men remaining unpaid upon the Books of Ships paid off since)

the 13th February, 1688 j

To Ships in Sea Pay, ——

To pay off and discharge all the Bills entered in Course, for the Pay of Flag) Officers, Pilotage, <Spc. on the Head of Seamen's Wages - - - j

Victualling.

Due on Account of Victualling her Majesty's Navy, according to an Account) received from the Commissioners thereof 3

Sick and W'ounded.

Due for the Service of the sick and wounded, and for Subsistence of French Prisoners, as per an Account received from the present Commissioners, appointed for those Services; viz.

For the sick and wounded - -

Subsistence of French Prisoners -

Register Office.

Due to the Seamen, that have been registered, pursuant to an Act of Parliament) q on that behalf, according to an Account received from the Commissioners thereof)

jt. [ ] This Total i6, by Mistake, here stated, both in the Journal, and the original Account, instead of 147,047/. i6r. 7 (I.the real Total.

DEBTS, as they stood on 30th September, 1704:

Remaining on 30th Sept. 1704, iu Money and Tallies, towards satisfying the said Debt s

Particulars: __________

Before this Reign.

£. s. d. 20,926 o 0

71,046 o 8 14,817 o o

28,863 15 11

135,652 16 7

ih,395 0 0

# 274,047 16 7

Since this Reign.

s. d.

681,688 19 3'

149,513 O o,

112,883 7 2'

917,717 o o 11,672 o o,

523,295 19 5

24,893 0 o> 19,305 o 0)

2,440,968 5 10

74,019 o o

2,5 4,987 5 10

TOTALS.

To be receivedfrom the Ex -chequer, of the Money voted by the honourable Ho useof Commons, iutbe JastSessiouof Parliament, for the Service of the Navy, for the Year 1704.

£ c d-20,926 o o

831,201 19, 3

1,128,135 7 10

552,159 '5 4

44,198 o o

2,576,621 2 5

185,414 o o

2,762,035 2 5

In the Treasurer of the Navy's Hands.

s. d.

161,702 o o

113,444 14 o

96,306 3 o

37L452 17 o

371,452 17 o

The aforesaid Money and Tallies being deducted, the neat DEBT, on the 30th of September, 1704, was; viz.

s. d.

4,521 16 9

£. s. d. 20,926 0 o

664,978 2 6

100,527 o o

l3»733

4,905

1 9

123,717 7 7

123,717 7 ,7

Geo. Churchill,

914,163 3 10

442,120 3 3

39

,060 18 2

2,081,450 17 10 185,414 0 o

2,266,864 17 10

'ydges, H. PagM

3° Novembris. A. 1704.

Earl of

Ranelagh's

Accounts.

Pfcpillon's

Accounts.

Parkburst's and Pascall's Accounts.

Whitakers

Accounts.

Proceedings against Earl of Halifax.

3 Ann.

Ordered, That the said Estimates, and Abstract, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Auditors of the Imprest do lay before this House, an Account of what Progress hath been made in the Accounts of the Earl of , late Pay-

master of the Forces, and how the Matter stands before them in relation thereunto.

Ordered, That the Auditors of the Imprest do lay before this House, an Account of what Progress hath been made in the Accounts of Air. PapilUm, an Instrument in the victualling of the Navy, and how the Matter stands before them in relation thereunto.

Ordered, That the Auditors of the Imprest do lay before this House an Account of what Progress hath been made in the Accounts of Mr. Parkhurst and Mr. late Commissioners of the Prizes, and how the Matter stands before them in relation thereunto.

Ordered, That the Auditors of the Imprest do lay before this House, an Account of what Progress hath been made in the Accounts of Mr. Whitaker, late Solicitor to the Admiralty, and how the Matter stands before them in relation thereunto.

Ordered, That the Queen's Serjeant, and Solicitor-general, and other her Majesty's Counsel, concerned in the Prosecution against the Lord do lay before this

House an Account in Writing, of what Proceedings have been against him, and a State of that Matter.

3° — 6° Novembris. 401

And then the House adjourned till Monday

Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna., 6 die Novemb

3° Annie Regina.

Praters.

tTHOMAS Lord Viscount Teoioin the Kingdom of Scotland, and Louise Marie took the

Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to Dr. Block Doctor Bincks, Dean of Litchfield, for the Sermon by him thanked, preached before this House Yesterday at»SV. Margarett's,

Westminster; and that he be desired to print the same; and that Mr. Arnesly, Sir Christopher Hales, and Mr.

Mitchell, do acquaint him therewith.

Mr. William Bridges, from the Officers of Ordnance, Ordnance presented to the House, Estimate,

An Estimate of the Charge in the Office of Ordnance for Sea Service, for the Year 1705: And also,

An Account of the Debt of the Office of Ordnance, for Stores delivered, and Services performed, to the 30th of September, 1704.

And the Titles thereof were read.

And the said Estimate, and Account, are, a9 follow; viz.

11,697

12

d.

3

The ESTIMATE of the Charge in the Office of Ordnance, for Sea Service, for the Year 1705. Allowances and Wages, to the Master-general, principal Officers, Storekeepers, Engineers,'

Clerks, Labourers, Gunners, Firemasters, Bombardiers, &c. daily attendant and employed in the Office at the Tower, Berwick, Carlisle, Chatham, Chester, Gravesend, Guernsey,

Hull, Jersey, Kinsale, Plymouth, Portsmouth, Sheemess, Tilbury,. Tinmouth, Upnor Castle, and (

Windsor, amounts to 23,395 /. 4s. 6d. whereof one Moiety is always paid out of the Moneys 1

appropriated for Sea Service - - ~ -.....- - -J

To Ordnance, Shot, Carriages, and other Stores, for the royal Navy, and to supply and") 0

replenish the Stores -..... } 215,00

To Freight, and other incident Charges, in delivering and receiving back the Stores, at the?

going out, and coming in, of the Fleet -..... j

Incident Charges of the Office, for Books, Paper, &c. Postage of Letters, and other Contingencies 4,522 o o To Ordnance, Carriages, and other Stores, for the Ships building in lieu of those lost in the late dreadful Storm; viz.

One Ship, of 70 Guns ——

Three more, of 70 each ——

One Ship, of 60 ——

Three more, of 60 each - -

0 0

15,723 o o

£ s. d.

- 2,670 9 8

- 8,011 9 0

16 8

- 7,166 10 0

20,237 .5 4

- 1,998 8 -0

To deduct for the Guns salved at that Time -

Remains -

To Brass Ordnance, &c. taken from the Enemy at Vigo, and to be paid for to the Prize Office

Paid to the Widows and Children of several Officers, &c. lost in the late Storm

The making of a Wharf, and Storehouse, at Portsmouth ——

18,238

14,845

- 1,131

- 40,000

17 4 7 4 19 4

o o

£ 321,22 6 16 3

The said ACCOUNT of the Debt of the Office of Ordnance, for Stores delivered, and Services performed, to the 30th of September, 1704; with an Account of what Contracts, and Warrants, for Stores, were made, and issued, for Stores delivered, and ready to be delivered.

September, 1704 ——

Due to the Holland's Train -

Due to the Tenders on the Bomb Vessels in the Streights

Due to Engineers and Artificers at Jamaica -

Due to Artificers at Newfoundland - -

Due to Works at Ditto - -

Dye for Salt-petre ——

Due for Salaries, and Rents -

Due to Contracts, and Warrants -

Due to Gun-founders Contracts -

Due to Gun-makers Contracts -

You 14.

C. Musgrave, Wm. Bridges

51

Ja. Leather, Ja. Craggs.

Of y £ 57,550 s. 19 d. 4 i

9.746 18 7

- 1,830 3 0

1,408 17 6

803 0 0

300 0 0

46,267 4 0

4,726 5 7 i

30,300 0 0

25,559 8 0

9,900 0 o

£ 188,392 16 1

Ordered,

I«eave of ' Absence.

Viscount

Teviott's

Ndt

CrcssettY

Nat

Poor Relief.

War Funds, &c

Supply.

402

6 — 7® Novembris. . 1704.

Ordered, That the said Estimate, and Account, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Alcock have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, his Lady being very ill.

A Bill, for naturalizing Thomas Lord Viscount in the Kingdom of Scotland, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mountain, Mr. Knatchbii!l, Sir Hum.Mr.

Air. Bridgman, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Mus Mr. Take, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Gape, Mr. Clayton, Sir Robert Eden, Sir Jo.Moksworth, Mr. Darcey, Mr. Gauntlet, Mr. Goring, Mr. Laughorne, Mr. Bu, Mr. Air.

Sir John Mordant, Mr. Palmer, Sir John Kay, Mr. Paltncs, Mr. Vernon, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Air Sir

Willoughby Hicknutn: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Bill, for naturalizing of Louise Marie the

Wife of James Crcssett, Esquire, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Air. Knatch-buU, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Laughorne, Mr. Musgrave, Mr. Gauntlet, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Foley, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Cage, Mr. Palmes, Sir Humphry Mackxvorth, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Gorge, Mr. Craggs, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Cesar, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Freeman: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill, for the better Relief, Employment, and Settlement of the Poor, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Alom-ing next at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committed of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Air. Lowndes (according to Order) presented to the House, An Account of the Funds for the War, Anno 1704, and the Issues of other publick Aloneys in the Year ended at Michaelmas, 1704; containing. An Account of the Aloneys for the publick Services in the Year 1704, shewing, what the same do amount unto, how much hath . arisen from the publick Funds of that Year, towards discharging the same, and how much from other Funds, that have been applied in Aid thereof, the Remains of the Funds of the said Year 1704, and how much the Whole will be deficient; which Account is made up to tlje 3d of November, 1704; and also, An Account of the Incomes and Issues of the Funds, given for the Service of the War, for the Year 1704, made up and stated to the 3d of November, 1704, inclusive; and also, An Account of the Sums issued and paid, from AFichaelmas, 1703, to Michaelnuts, 1704, for Debts and Incumbrances in the last Reign, other than what have been paid in Discharge of the like Debts by the respective Treasurers of the Navy and Ordnance, and the several Paymasters of the Forces.

And the ‘Title thereof was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House,

The said Account is bound up among the Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to her Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimates, and Accounts, relating to the Niivy, Land Forces, and Ordnance, which have been presented to the House, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House (according to Order) resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

AI Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Conyers reported from the said Comm'ttee, that they had directed him to make several Motions to the House; and also had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Aloming.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the said Committee to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Aforn-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Air. Harley (according to Order) presented to the EarlcfR . House the Auditors of the Imprests their Report, relating ueIaKh' to the Accounts of the Earl of RanelMr. Papillon, Accwuutt-and others.

And the Title of the said Report was read.

Ordered\That the said Rejwrt do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, T die Novembris;

3 Annie Regina.

Pra VKHS.

ORDERED, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, Clandestine for the better enforcing the Execution of the Law's 0"t"wr" for preventing clandestine Outlawries, in personal Actions, and that Air. Lowther and Colonel Byerley do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Air, Gwyn (according to Order) presented to the House Haecbe's a Bill, to enable Agnes Hacche, Widow, and other Nat Trustees, to make Leases, and sell Lands in the County of Devon, for the Payment of the Debts and Legacies of Robert Hacche, Esquire, deceased, and for the Maintenance and Advancement of his Daughters Portions; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Return from the Auditors of the Imprest being Eurl of Reread, the same is, as followeth: neWgh' ,

Account *

To the honourable the Commons of England, in Parliament assembled.

IN Obedience to the Order of this honourable House, made the 3d Instant, we, the Auditors of the Imprests, humbly represent what Progress hath been made by us in the several Accounts, mentioned in the said Order; viz.

The Account of the Earl of Ranelagh, late Paymaster of the Army, for Seven Years, from the 1st of April, 1692, to the 23th of March, 1699, is drawn, and will, in a short time, be prepared fer Declaration: In making up which Account, we have disallowed many very great Sums, not being regularly vouched, according to the strict Rules of the Exchequer.

His final Account, ending the 24th Day of December,

1702, with greatest Part of the Vouchers, is delivered in, and under Examination; but cannot be perfected, until the preceding Account be declared; which, being very large, has taken much time, in the examining and drawing the same.

He is likew ise accountable for the Poundage, and One Day's Pay in the Year, deducted from the Army, to be applied for the Use of Chelsea Hospital; which Account, to the 31st of Alarch, 1692, is drawn, and will soon be ready for Declaration.

His subsequent Accounts, to the 24th of December,

1702, are also very lately delivered to us.

Air.

Earl of

ttanelagh'a

Accounts.

Papillon *

Accounts.

Proceedings against Earl oi Halifax.

3 Ann. 7 Novem 403

Mr. Papillon, the late Cashier for the Victualling, who

is accountable until the 19th of October, 1699, has accounted before us to the 31st of December, 1697; and to that Time his Accounts are passed, and declared; and no subsequent Accounts are yet brought to us.

Mr. Parkhurst and Mr. Pa late Commissioners for Prizes, have no other Account before us, but for Money received by them for Arrears of Prizes, due at the Time their Commission expired; which Account will be ready to be declared, and passed, as soon as some Demands, now under the Consideration of several Persons, to whom they are referred, shall be determined.

Mr. Whitaker, late Solicitor of the Affairs of the Ad-

miralty, has not delivered any Account to us, but (as we are informed) has withdrawn himself into foreign Parts.

6 November, 1704. E. Harley, B. Bridges.

Ordered, That the Auditors of the Imprest do lay before this House, the total Sums upon every Head, which they have disallowed in the Earl of Randagh's Account, as not being regularly vouched according to the strict Rules of the Exchequer.

Ordered, That the Auditors do lay before this House, a State of the Account of Poundage, and Day's Pay, deducted from the Army by the Earl of , to

the 31st of March, 1692, and also to the 24th of December, 1702.

Ordered, That Phillip Papillon, Esquire, late Cashier of the Victualling, do forthwith pay, into the Receipt of her Majesty's Exchequer, the Balance of his Account, which he owns to be in his Hands.

And a Debate arising in the House, concerning the charging the said Mr. Papillon with Interest for the said Balance;

Resolved, That the Debate be adjourned until Saturday Morning next.

Mr. Solicitor-general (according to Order) presented to the House a Return from Mr. Attorney-general, concerning the Prosecution against the Lord Halifax.

And the same was read, and is, as followeth; viz.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, of the House of Commons, in Parliament assembled.

IN Obedience to the Order of this honourable House, made the 3d Day of this Instant November, I do humbly certify, that, pursuant to her Majesty's Commands, on the Address of this honourable House, to prosecute the Right Honourable the Lord Auditor of the Exchequer, for the Matters mentioned in that Address, I directed an Information to be prepared thereon; which was accordingly done, and the same was perused, and approved, by Mr. Serjeant Powis, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Mr. Solicitor-general, Mr. Serjeant Hooper, Mr. Serjeant Darnell, Mr. Conyers, her Majesty's Serjeanta and Counsel in foe Law, and myself, and was filed in her Majesty's Court of Exchequer; and foe Lord Halifax having pleaded Not guilty, foe Information was brought to Tryal in the last Term, at foe Bar of that Court; when foe Counsel for the Defendant took an Exception to foe Manner of charging, in the Information, the Otfence, in not transmitting the Imprest Tolls to foe Remembrancer of the Exchequer, which her Majesty's Counsel endeavoured to answer, and to maintain the Information; but the Exception was allowed by the Judges of that Court, and, by reason thereof, her Majesty's Counsel were not permitted to give any Evidence touching that Offence: Whereupon, by the Advice of her Majesty's aaid Counsel, I did then in Court enter a Non -

rius prosequi,on that Information, with a Salvo of her Majesty's Right, if she shall be pleased to renew that Prosecution; and foe Jury was thereon discharged.

Edw. Northey.

Ordered, That foe same be taken into Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That Mr. Barrett do attend this House upon Yet. 14 -

this Day Sevennight, with a Paper of all the Causes, Prosecution.

directed by this Parliament to be prosecuted. directed by

l ai liamenL

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from foe supply. Committee of the whole House, who were to consider of the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; which be read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at foe Clerk's Table; where foe same were read, and are, as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Forty thousand Seamen be employed in foe Sea Service, for the Year 1705, including Eight thousand Marines.

2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Four Pounds a Man, per Mensem, be allowed for maintaining the said Forty thousand Men, for Thirteen Months, including foe Ordnance for Sea Service.

The First Resolution being lead a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That Forty thousand Seamen be employed in the Sea Service, for foe Year 1705, including Eight thousand Marines.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the House doth agree with foe Committee, in foe said Resolution, That a Sum, not exceeding Four Pounds a Man, per Mensem, be allowed for maintaining the said Forty thousand Men, for Thirteen Months, including the Ordnance for Sea Service.

Mr. Conyers also reported from the said Committee, that they had directed him to move the House, That an Account be laid before foe House, of the Debt incurred for Transport Service.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, of the Charge of Transport Service, during this War; distinguishing, what has been paid, and what in Debt, for the same.

Ordered, That foe said Account be laid before this House by Captain Atkinson and Mr. Roop.

Mr. Conyers also reported from the said Committee, that they had directed him to move the House, That an Account be laid before foe House, of foe Expence upon foe Portugal Treaty, not provided for in the last Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House,' of the Expence, pursuant to foe Portugal Treaty, not provided for the last Session of Parliament

Ordered, That foe said Account be laid before this House by Henry St. John, Esquire, Secretary at War.

Mr. Conyers also reported from the said Committee, that they bad directed him to move foe House, That a particular Account of the several Articles of the Charge of the Ordinary of the Navy be laid before this House.

Ordered, That a particular Account of the several Articles of the Charge of the Ordinary of foe Navy be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Account be laid before this House by the Counsel of his Royal Highness.

Mr. Conyers also reported from the said Committee, that they had directed him to move foe House, That an Account be laid before the House, what Number of Men were employed in the Sea Service in each Month of the Year 1703, and to the 1st of November, 1704.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this flouse, what Number of Men were employed in the Sea Service in each Month of foe Year 1703, and to the First of November, 1704.

Ordered, That the said Account be laid before this House by the Counsel of his Royal Highness.

Ordered, That an annual Account be laid before foi#

House, of foe Number and Rates of the Ships, employed in her Majesty's Service, and the Time when, in the Year 1703, and to the 1st Day of November, 1704.

Ordered, That the said Account be laid before this House by the Counsel of his Royal Highness.

Ordered,

NavyExtras.

Proceed of Prizes.

Admiralty

Droits.

Parliamentary Grants.

Navy

Estimate.

llaslemere

Writ.

Viscount

Teviott'i

Nat.

Sophisticating Wine.

Treaty vrith Duke of Savoy.

404 7® — 8° Novem. 1704.

Ordered \That an Account be laid before this House of all the extraordinary Charges, which have accrued in the Navy, during the present War.

Ordered, That the said Account be laid before this House by the Commissioners, and principal Officers, of the Navy.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, of what has arisen by the Prizes, during the present War, qnd how the same has been applied; and the Establishment, and Charges of Execution, of the said Office.

Ordered, That the said Account be laid before thb House by the Commissioners of Prizes.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, of what has been received for the Droits and Perquisites of the Admiralty, and how the same has been expended.

Ordered, That the said Account be laid before this House by the Receivers of the Droits and Perquisites of the Admiralty.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, of the respective Grants in Parliament, in the Years 1702, 1703, and 1704, what Moneys have arisen by those Grants, to what Services the same have been applied, and what other Moneys have been applied to those Services.

Ordered, That the said Account be laid before this House by Mr. Lowndes.

Sir George Rook (according to Order) presented to the House, The ordinary Estimate of the Charge of her Majesty's Navy, for the Year ending the last of December, 1705.

And the Title thereof was read.

Ordered, That the said Estimate' do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Estimate is bound up among the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 8 die Novembris;

3 Annas Regina.

Praters.

f~\RDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the County of Surrey, in the Room of Lewis Oglethorp, Esquire, deceased.

Mr. Mountague reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill, for naturalizing Thomas Viscount Teviott, in the Kingdom of Scotland, was committed; that they had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for the preventing the Sophistication of Wines; and that Sir Robert Dovers, Colonel lValpole, Mr. Smith, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Secretary Hedges acquainted the House, that her Majesty (pursuant to their Address) had commanded him to lay before the House,

A Copy of the Treaty with the Duke of Savoy, of the 4th of August, 1704: And also,

A Translation of the said Treaty.

And he presented the same to the House accordingly. And the Titles thereof were read.

And the said Treaty, and Translation, are, as follow;

The said Treaty.

COM ME son Altesse Royale de Savoye a toujours infiniment estime 1' Appuy et I' Alliance de sa Majeste la lteyne de la Grande Bretagne, qui sont d'un si grand Poids dans le Monde, et que les Conjonctures presentes luy donnent lieu de s'unir plusetroitement avec elle, en entrant dans le Traitt6 de la grande Alliance, conclu la Haye le septieme Septembre, mil sept cents un, pour travailler conjoinctement k pourvoir au Repos et & la Seuret commune, contre la Puissance et Desseins si vastes de la France, qui ne menacent pus moins que la Liberty publique et universelle, & fin de la reduire dans des justes Bornes; sa dite Majesty Britannique connois-sant aussi, combien 1' Amitie et 1' Union de son Altesse Royale pent contribuer pour parvenir plus facilement ce But, qui est si necessaire pour le Bien de toute la Cause commune, a donne cet Effet son plein Pouvoir au Sieur Hill, Conseiller dans 1' Amiraute d' Angleterre, et son Envoy6 Extraordinaire aupres de son Altesse Reyale; et sa dite Altesse Royale ayant pareillement de son Cost6 donn£ son plein Pouvoir et Mandement au Sieur Comte de Vernon, Gentilhome de sa Chambre; lesdits Pleni-potentiaires, apres s' estre reciproquement remis les Ori-ginaux de leurs dits Plenipotentiaires, ont convenu des Articles suivantes:

Premier Article.

Sa Majesty repoit et comprend S.A.R. dans le Traitt£ de la grande Alliance, conclu la Haye le septieme Septembre, mil sept cents un, entre sa Majesty Imperiale, le feu Roy d'Angleterre, et les Seigneurs Estats Generaux; s' engageant envers sa dite Altesse Royale k 1' entiere et inviolable Observation dudit Traitt£, comme si elle en eust este en des premiers Contractans. Son Altesse Royale, de son Cost£, entre, sans aucune Reserve, ny Exception, dans toutes les Obligations, et tous les En-gagemens, dans les quels sont entries les Puissances, qui V ont conclu, port£es par le mfime Traits.

Article Seconde.

Comme son Altesse Royale entre, aussy que dessus, dans tous les Engagemens stipules dans le susdit Traitt6 de la grande Alliance, sa Majeste Britannique promet reciproquement de ratifier et grantir dans tous et en chacun de ses Point le Traitt6 conclu «t Turin entre sa Majest6 Imperiale, et 6a dite Altesse Royale, le huitieme Novem-bre, mil sept cents trois; sa dite Majesty Britannique s' engageant generalement h toutes les Obligations et Ga-ran ties, port es par le mfime TraittA

Article Troisieme.

La Connoissance, que sa Majesty Britannique a desim-portants Services, que son A. Royale a rendus, et quelle peut rendre, kla Cause commune, la convie & desirer 1' Ac-croissement de ses Etats, et de ses Forces, pour qu'elle ay plus de doyens de luy estre utile, voulant luy donne une Preuve plus paticuliere du veritable Inter6t qu'elle y prend, s' oblige et promet expressement de garentir et mainienir toutes les Cessions faites par 1' Empereur en Faveur de S. A. Royale, et ses Successeurs, en vertue du Traittl du huitieme Novembre, mil sept cents trois; declarant, qu' elles seront comprises dans les Preliminaires pour une des Conditions, sans les quelles on n' en pourra jamais venir k aucune Negociation de Paix.

Article Quatrieme.

En outre sa Majesty Britannique promet de ne jamais donner les Mains, ny concluere, aucun Traitt£ de Paix, Accommodement, ou Treve, sans que son A. Royale soit entierement retablie dans tous les Estats, qui pourvoient luy,estre occup s par les Ennemis; la quelle Restitution des dits Estats occup sdeura aussy estre comprise dans les Preliminaires, comme il est port£ par 1' Article precedent.

Article Cinquieme.

De plus sa Majesty Britannique, ayant fort & Coeur tout ce qui regarde 1' Interest public, et desirant particu-lierement de contribuer par toutes sortes de Moyens, la Seurete des Estats de S. A. R. en ostant k la France

3 Ann:

le pied, quelle a en de$a des Alpes, et mettant le Mont Geneure pour Barriere contre cette Couronne, s'engage de faire tous ses Efforts au Traitt6 de la Paix generale pour l'acquisition du Pays, qui est en de$a du dit Mont Geneure, au proffit de S. A. Uoyale, en sorte quelle, et ses Successeurs en puissent jouir k perpetuity en toute Soverainete.

Article Sixieme.

Sa Majesty Britannique sachant le Droit notoire et incontestable, qui appartieut & S. A. Royale, et qui a esty declary par le Testament du Roy Phillippe 4me, Roy d'Espagne, de glorieuse Memoire, <\ la Succession de la Monarchic d' Espagne immediatement apres la Maison - d' Autriche, s engage spccialement, comme pour Fait pro-pre, 4 le maintenir dans son entier; promettant, qu'elle ne consentira jamais k aucun Traitt6 de Paix, ou Accom-uiodement, ny n'en signera jamais aucun, dans le quel on peut donner quelque Atteinte au dit Droit, et qu'elle ne

r?rmetta jamais, qu'aucun Prince tiers, preferablement sa dite A. Royale, soit introduit et etabli dans aucun des Estats de la dite Monarchic d' Espagne.

Article Septieme.

Sa Majesty Britannique, pour donner 4 S. A. R. des Preuves reelles de son Amiti£, et de l'interfit quelle prend k sa Conservation, et lui fournir les Moyens de mieux contribuer au Bien de la Cause commune, s'oblige de luy donner un Secours de soixante six mille six cents soixante six Ecus, et deux tiers, pour une foi, tant seule-ment, pour les premiers Frais de cette Guerre; et de plus elle luy establit un Subside par Mois de cinquante trois mille trois cents trent trois Ecus, et un tiers, qu'elle promet de payer toujours ponctuellcment deux Mois d'avance dans la presente Ville de Turin, en comptant les Ecus sur le pied de quatre vingt deux Sols Monoye cou-rante de Piemont; etce a commencer des le 3 me Octobre de 1' Annee dernier mil sept cents trois, Jour de la Declaration de S. A. R. contre la France, et contineur durant le Cours de la presente Guerre, et deux Mois apres. Article 8me.

En Consideration du Subside specific dans le precedent Article, et de celuy de vingt six mille six cents soixante six Ecus, et deux tiers, au quel doivent s'obliger leurs Hautes Puissantes les Seigneurs Estats Generaux des Provinces Unies des Pays Bas par le Traitty, que son A. R. doit aussy conclurre avec eux, le tout faisant la Somme de quatre vingt mille Ecus par Mois, sa dite A. Royale s oblige d'entretenir toujours sur Pied un Corps de ses propres Troupes de quinze mille Ilommes, s£avoir, douze mille de Pied, et trois mille Chevaux, et plus, s il se pourra, durant le Cours de la presente Guerre; du quel Corps de quinze mille Homines elle cn envoyera tous les Ans en Campagne le plus grand Nombre, qu' exigera l'interSt de la Cause commune, eil egard k la Seurety de ces Places. Sa dite A. R. se charge de plus de faire fournir les Armes, le Pain, et les Munitions de Guerre, k tous les Rcfugiez, qui viendront servir dans les Valleys, durant aussi le Cours de presente Guerre, k fin qu'ils agissent utilement pour le Service de la Cause commune. Article gme.

Pour une plus grande Marque de la Passion, que S. A. R. a de eimenter encore par toute sorte de Moyens cette etroitc Union et Correspondence avee sa Majeste Britan-nique, S. dite A. R. desirant qu' elle passe aussy entre les Sujets de part et d' autre par 1' introduction du Commerce, que S. dite Majeste a parcillement temoignfe souhaiter, pour l'Avantage reciproque des Nations, promet de donner toute sorte de Protection pour le bon Succes du dit Commerce. Elle ordonnera a cet Effet le Reglement du Tarifte de la Douane sur les Marchandizes d'Angle-tcrie et d' Irlande, qui entreront dans ses Estats, en observant la my me Proportion que pourcelles, qui viennent dc France, et autres Pays etrangeres, par rapport k leur Qd&iite, et icur Prix; et quant au Marchandizes de transit, on redivira le Droit du transit de Traite au tiers moins de ce qui est porte par le Tariffe.

Nous Plenipotentiaries susdits, en Vertute dc nos pleine Pouvoirs respectils, avons concLu, arresty, et signe, le present Traitty, et & iceluy salt wpposer le Cachet de nos Armes en promettant respectivement 1' cntiere.et inviolable Vol. 14.

4° 5

Observation, et nou obligeant d' en fournir les Ratifica- Treaty with tions en bonne et deu Forme, s avoir, de sa Majesty Duke of Britannique dans six Semaines, et de S. A. Royale dans huit Jours. Fait k Turin le quatrieme Jour du Mois d'Aobt, l'An de Grace mil sept cents quatre.

Richard Hilt \C. F. de

(L. S.) (L. S.)

The said Translation.

WHEREAS his Royal Highness of Savoy Jias always most highly esteemed the Support and Alliance of her Majesty the Queen of Great , which are of

so great Importance in the World, and that the present Conjuncture gives him an Opportunity of making a more strict Union with her, by entering into the Treaty of the Grand Alliance, made at the Hague the 7th of September,

1701, in order to their endeavouring jointly to provide for the common Quiet and Safety against the vast Power and Designs of France, which threaten no less than destroying

the publick and universal Liberty, with' Intent to reduce it within its just Limits; her said Majesty of Great , knowing likewise, how much the Friendship and Alliance of his Royal Highness may contribute to the more easy obtaining of this End, which is so necessary for the Good of the whole common Cause, has to this Purpose given her full Powers to Mr. Hill, One of the Council of the Lord High Admiral of England, and her Envoy Extraordinary to his Royal Highness, [and his Royal Highness. ] having likewise, on his Part, given his full Powers and Orders to the Count de Vernon, Gentleman of his Chamber; the said Plenipotentiaries, after having reciprocally exchanged the Originals of their said full Powers, have agreed upon the following Articles:

1.

Her Majesty of Great Britain receives and takes his Royal Highness into the Treaty of the Grand Alliance, concluded at the Hague the 7th of September, 1701, between his Imperial Majesty, the late King of and the Lords the States General; engaging herself to the intire and inviolable Observation of the said Treaty, in relation to his Royal Highness, as if he had been One of the first Contractors in it: His Royal Highness, on his Side, enters, without any Reserve, or Exception, into all the Obligations, and all the Engagements, into which those Potentates are entered, who have concluded it, and which are expressed in the said Treaty.

2.

Whereas his Royal Highness enters, as aforesaid, into all the Engagements agreed on in the aforesaid Treaty of the Grand Alliance, her Majesty of Great Britain reciprocally promises to ratify, and be Guarand of, all and every Point of the Treaty, concluded at Turin, between his Imperial Majesty and his said Royal Highness, the 8th of November, 1703; her said Majesty of Great Britain engaging, in general, in all the Obligations, and Guarantees, contained in the same Treaty.

3-

The Knowledge her Majesty of Great Britain has of the important Seivices his Royal Highness has done, and may do, to the common Cause, induces her to desire the Increase of his Dominions, and Strength, that he may be the more capable of being useful to her; and being willing to give him a more particular Proof of the real Part she takes therein, she obliges herself, and expresly promises, to be Guarand of, and to maintain, all the Concessions, made by the Emperor in Favour of his Royal Highness, and his Successors, by virtue of the Treaty of the 8th of November, 1703, to the End that the said Concessions may have forever their full Effect, let what Treaty soever of Peace, or Agreement, be made; declaring, that they shall he comprised in the Preliminaries, for One of the Conditions, without which they shall never come to any Negotiation of Peace.

4.

Further, her Majesty of Great Britain promises never to consent to, nor conclude, any Treaty of Peace, Agreement, or Truce, unless his Royal Highness be intirely reestablished

These Words are supplied from the Translation of this Treaty, piesented to the House.

5 K

8° Novembris.

v

4°5

Treaty with established in all the Possessions, that may have been Duke of taken from him by the Enemy; which Restitution of the

Savoy. gaj(j p0ssesse(j States shall likewise be comprised in the

Preliminaries, as is mentioned in the foregoing Article.

5

Further, Iter Majesty of Great Britain, having much at Heart whatever relates to the Publick, and particularly v desiring to contribute, by all -Means, to the Safety of his Royal Highness Dominions, by taking from France the Footing it has on this Side the Alps, and making Mount Geneure a Barrier to that Crown, engages to use all her Endeavours, at a Treaty of a general Peace, to obtain the Country, that is on this Side the said Mount , for the Advantage of his Royal Highness; so that he, and his Successors, may for ever enjoy the intire Sovereignty of it.

6.

Her Majesty bf Great , being sensible of the

known and undeniable Right of his Royal Highness, and which has been declared by the Will of King Philip the 4th, King of Spain (of glorious Memory) to the Succession of the Spanish Monarchy, immediately after the House of Austria, engages, in an especial Manner, and as her own Act, to maintain it intirely; promising, that she will never consent to any Treaty of Peace or Agreement, nor ever sign any to the Prejudice of the said Right, nd will never allow, that any third Prince, preferably to his Royal Highness, be introduced and settled in any of the Dominions of the said Monarchy of Spain.

Her Majesty of Great Britain, to give his Royal Highness real Proofs of her Friendship, and of the Interest she has in his Preservation, and to furnish him with the Means to contribute the better to the Good of the common Cause, obliges herself to send him a Succour of 66,666 Crowns, and two Thirds, at once only, for the first Charge of this War; and further, she settles for him a monthly Subsidy, of 53,333 Crowns, and one Third, that she promises always to pay punctually every Tw o Months beforehand in the City of Turin, reckoning the Crown after the Rate of 82 Pence current Money of Piedmontand this to commence from the 3d of October last Year, 1703, being the Day of his Royal Highness's Declaration against France, and to continue during the Course of this present War, and Two Months after.

8.

In Consideration of the Subsidy mentioned in the foregoing Article, and of that of 26,666 Crowns, and two Thirds, which the States General engage to pay by the Treaty, that his Royal Highness is to conclude with them

(the Whole making the Sum of j- Crowns per Month)

his Royal Highness obliges himself constantly to keep on

foot a Body of his own Troops, of Men; viz. Foot,

and Horse, and more, if he can, as long as the present War continues; of which Body of ~ Men he shall send

every Year into the Field as great a Number, as the Interest of the common Cause requires, regard being had to the Safety of his Places. His Royal Highness further engages, to furnish Aims, Bread, and warlike Ammunition, to all the Refugees, that shall come to serve in the Vallies, during the present War, to the end they may act advantageously for the Service of the common Cause.

9

For a further Mark of the Zeal his Royal Highness has to cement still, by all Methods, this strict Union and Correspondence with her Majesty of Great Britain, his Royal Highness, desiring, that it may likewise obtain among the Subjects on both Sides, by Introduction of Commerce, which her said Majesty has likewise signified her Desire of, for the mutual Advantage of both Nations, promises to give all sort of Protection, for the good Success of the said Commerce. He will, to this End, order

A. 1704.

the Regulation of the Rates of the Customs upon Merchandize from England and Ireland, that shall come into his Dominions, observing the same Proportion, as for those, that come from France, and other foreign Countries, according to their Quality, and Price; arid as to Merchandizes, that are carried Coastwise, or from Place to Place within Land, the Rates of the Permit shall be reduced to one Third less than the Duties of Entries.

We, the aforesaid Plenipotentiaries, by virtue of our respective full Powers, have concluded, agreed, and signed, the present Treaty, and put our Seals to it; promising respectively the intire and inviolable Observation of it, and obliging ourselves to furnish the Ratifications of it in a good and due Form, viz.from her Majesty of Great Britain in Six Weeks, and from his Royal Highness iu Eight Days. Done at Turin, the 4th of August, 1704.

Rich. Hill. F. fife Vernon.

(L. S.) (L. S.)

Ordered, That the said Treaty be referred to the Committee of the w hole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before the House, Victualling where the Ships, in her Majesty's Service in tire Years Navy.

1703 and 1704, have been victualled.

Ordered, That the said Account be laid before this House by the Commissioners of the Victualling.

Ordered, That the ordinary Estimate of the Charge of Supply, her Majesty's Navy, for the Year ending the last of December, 1705, be referred to the Committee of tire whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Then the House (according to Order) resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had come to several Resolutiorrs, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the said Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Mouse, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Ma- ~ jesty.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- Committee tions be adjourned until this Day Sevennight, and do oi Privileges, then meet at Five a Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 9 die Novembris;

3 Ann® Regina.

Prayers.

MR. St.John, Secretary at War (according to Order) Army

presented to the House, An Account of some ex- Extras, traordinary Expences of the War in the Year 1703, pursuant to the Portugal Treaty, not provided for in the last Session of Parliament.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

And the Account is, as followeth;

8° — 90 No

For

L

Ordnance

Estimate.

Crcssett's

Nat.

Ann.

9° Novembris.

For the Charge of Brigadier Haney's Regiment of Horse, from the 8th of October, 1703,1 when they came upon the Portugal Establishment, to the 24th of December following, both ! inclusive, from which time Provision was made for them by the Parliament -J

For the Charge of Colonel Brudenell's and the Lord s Regiments of Foot, in like Manner, from foe 7th of October to the said 24th of December, 1703, both inclusive -

For General and Staff Officers, according to foe Establishment, to the 24th) s‘c

December, 1703 - ..... - - . .]« 6

And for Two Months Contingencies, to the same Time -

666 13

Deduct Two Thirds of the Poundage ——

Remains

Besides, For so much paid on account of transporting the Forces to Portugal

4O7

4,938

1

Total -

d.

0

6,715 o

3,660 o o

15,313 1 9 0 0

- 14,802 12 0

- 28,744 7 6

'> 25,000 0 0

£.68,546 19 6'

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. William Bridges, from the Office of Ordnance (according to Order) presented to the House,

An Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for foe Year 1705; and also.

An Account of Monies paid between foe 30th of June, 1702, and the 30th of October, 1704.

And the Titles of the said Estimate and Account were read.

And foe said Estimate and Account are, as follow; viz.

The ESTIMATE. £. s. d.

The Charge of the Holland's Train - - - 45,000 o o

The Ordinary of the Office, comprising Rents of Store-houses, and repairing Store-houses,1 Barracks, Platforms, Carriages, as likewise the Expence of Gunners Stores in the several}- 28,273.13 9

Garrisons, and keeping the Stores in repair, and other incident Charges - - - -J

For Two hundred Tons of Salt-petre, for supplying the Stores ----- 10,600 o o

For repairing the Fortifications ----- ----- - - 15,000 o o

To extraordinary Charge of Bedding for the Garrisons - - - - 1,000 o O'

The extraordinary Repairs (occasioned by the Storm) of Officers Houses, Store-houses, Bar- racks, &c. in the several Garrisons - - - _j 3>

The yearly Charge at Jamaica - - -1,670 0 0

Small Arms for the Supply of the Stores - - - - r 12,000 0 0'

The yearly Charge of Powder sent to the King of Portugal, and the Pay of foe Train there - 15,879 o . o

The Loss of Stores, designed for Portugal, in the great Storm ----- 6,703 13 9

The Charge of Stores for Gibraltar - - - 22,057 19 7f

£.161,184 7 if

Wm. Bridges,

Ja. Craggs,

C. Musgrave.

The said ACCOUNT of Monies paid by the Office of Ordnance, for Stores delivered, Services performed, Freights, &c. between the 30th June, 1702, and the 3061 October, 1704.

Paid between the 30th June, 1702, and the 30th June, 1703 -Paid between 30th June, 1703, and the 30th June, 1704 Paid between 30th June, 1704, and the 30th of October, 1704

Land. Sea

£. s. d. £ s‘ -

- 115,104 10 nf 104,423 13 7i

- 128,579 5 3 61,234 13 7i

m 21,298 17 2 9,220 7 ii

264,982 13 5f 174,878 15 2f

Wm. Bridges, Ja. Lout her,

C. Musgr Ja. Craggs.

Ordered, That the said Estimate, and Account, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Nicholas reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill, for naturalizing Louise Marie Wife of

James Cressett, Esquire, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Vo l. 14.

The Order of the.Day, for the Call of foe House, being read;

Ordered, That foe Serjeant do go with the Mace into Westminster Hall, and the Courts there, and Court of Requests, and summon foe Members there to attend the House.

And he went accordingly:

And being returned;

The House was (according to Order) called over; and such, as made Default, were noted down.

And afterwards the Defaulters were called over again; and several were excused, upon account of their being ill in the Country, and some, upon account of extraordinary Business; and as to several others, who made Default to appear, foe House would not admit an Excuse for

them:

Call of lha House.

Members

summoned

4oS 0° — i o° Nov. A. 1704.

them: And the Hoilse being informed, that others were upon the Itoad; a List of all which was taken.

Ordered, That the Names of all the said Defaulters be called over again upon this Day Sevennight; and that such, as shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Supply. Mf. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the

Committee of the whole Hotise, who were to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are, as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred thousand Pounds, be allowed for the Ordinary of the Navy, for the Year 1705.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Forty thousand Pounds, be allowed to the Office of Ordnance, for the Supply of Ordnance Stores for Sea Service, over and above their Proportion of the Four Pound a Man per Month, for maintaining Forty thousand Seamen.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Til at a further Sum of Ten thousand Pounds be allowed to the said Office, towards making a Wharf and Storehouse at Portsmouth.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

P or Relief, Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for the better Relief, Employment, and Settlement, of the Poor.

And then the House adjourned until Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 10 die

3 Annas Regime.

Prayers.

Viscount A N ingrossed Bill, for naturalizing Thomas,

Teviott'sNafc f\_ Viscount Teviott in the Kingdom of Scotland, was

read the Third time:

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act for naturalizing Thomas Levingston, Viscount Teviott in the Kingdom of Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. Mountagu do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Lordships Concurrence thereunto.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of the extraordinary Expences of the War in the Year 1703, pursuant to the Portugal Treaty, not provided for in the last Session of Parliament; and the Estimate of the Charge in the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year 1705; and the Account of Monies paid between the 30th of June,

1702, and the 30th of October, 1704; be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House (according to Order) resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers rej)orted.from the said Committee, that they had agreed upon several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, that the Committee had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Sir Thomas Littleton, from the Commissioners of the Naval Navy, presented to the House, An Abstract of the lixtras. Estimates of the extra' Services, performed in her Ma-'s Navy since the War, and now in hand with, nd the Title thereof was read.

- And the Abstract is, as folio weth; viz.

Navy Office, ABSTRACT of the Estimates of the extra'Services, performed in 9 November, 1704. J since the War, and now in hand with; collected in pursuance of

honourable House of Commons, of the 7th Instant.

Dates of the Estimates

9 April, 1702. 13 Ditto.

2i Ditto.

10 July. - -

12 August. -10 September.

19 Ditto, & October.

Building Two new Transport Vessels at Plymouth,\ for fetching Timber and Stores for the said Yard - -/

Building and fitting a 4U1 Rate, of 60 Guns, at Deptford Another, of 50 Guns, at the same Place Another, of 50 Guns, at Sheemesse Building and fitting a 5th Rate (Pink Fashion) at Wookcich ——

Building and fitting Three 4th Rates, of 50 Guns"! each, by Contract ----- -J

Three 5th Rates, of 40 Guns each, by Contract -

Building and fitting a 6th Rate, of 24Guns, at Ditto, 5th Rate, of 40 Guns, at Woolwich - Ditto, 6th Rate, of 24 Guns, at Portsmouth

£> s'

Buying and fitting the Postillion Prize - 747 15 More for the Captors Shares - - 312 15

Removing the Banks and Shoals, interrupting great Ships- riding at the Moorings at Chatham -

d.

10

0}

l: 3. d.

i,5>4 0 0

13,673 O 0

8,712 0 0

8,712 0 0

4,577 0 0

26,136 0 0

15,733 0 0

2,3 5 0 0

5,246 0 0

2,3 5 0 0

1,060 10 10

1,950 0 0

her Majesty's Navy an Order lfoul the

Names of the Ships and Vessels, built and added.

Transport Hamoze.

Nottingham.

Swallow.

Newcastle.

Tartar.

{Panther. Antelope. Leopard. Lark.

J

Hector.

[Greyhound.

Nightingale.

Garland.

Squirril.

3 Ann.

io° Novembris.

4° 9

Dates of the Estimates.

Oct. 31. - -

30 October. -16 January.

25 Mar. 1703.

26 Do. - -

19 May. - -

31 Do. - -16 June. - -

10 July. - -

14 Do. - -9 August.

1 November

8 Do. - -

25 Do. - -

27 December.

6 March. 23 Ditto.

24 Do. - -

29 Do. 1704

15 April.

4 August.

30 Do. -

Nature of the Services.

3

Building tod fitting a new 5th Rate, of 40 Guns, at Deptford -

Building a Square Stern Vessel at , for}

ie Service of that Yard -J

Purchasing a Piece of Ground at Deal, for a Naval} Storehouse, and erecting it - - - - -J

Erecting a House in Portsmouth Yard for the Con-} veniency of the Master Ropemaker there -

Making good, and lengthening, the double Dock at} Chatham - -- -- -J

Building and fitting a new 5th Rate of 40 Guns, at' Portsmouth ——

A 4th Rate, of ,50 Guns, at Deptford -Another, of 60 Guns, at Chatham Making a new graving Place at Deptford, for more} commodious cleaning Ships there

Making Two new Chains for the Harbour of Arew-} foundland, with Ring-bolts -j

Repairing and fitting these } £ s. d.

Prizes, Triton, J 'irme, Vigo, Assurance, > 19,742 0 o

Moderate - - - - -J

More for the Share due to the Captors 5,311 10 o Building a new House for the Commissioners at Chatham -

Building a new Jetty Head against the old single' Dock, at Chatham -Building Offices in Chatham Yard, to stand on Pillars

r 5 d

Repairing and fitting the '

Prize to Sea - - - -J

More for the Captors Share -Repairing and fitting the }

Prize for Sea -J

More for the Captors Share -Value of the Musccrcia Merchant, hired into the Ser-

vice of the Navy for a Storeship, but afterwards taken by the Enemy, in that of the Transport Office -Building a Square Stem Vessel, of 60 Tons, at Plymouth, for the Service of that Yard -

Building and fitting Four 3d Rates, of 70 Guns each,} at Deptford, Woolwich, Chatham, Portsmouth-

Building and fitting a 4th Rate, of 60 Guns, at Ply-} mouth ----- --- -J

Erecting a new Hemphouse at Plymouth Building and fitting One 5th Rate (Pink Fashion)} at Deptford - -J

Another, Do. - Do. at Chatham

Another, Do. of 40 Guns, at Sheerness

A 6th Rate, of 24 Guns, at Portsmouth

Repairingand fitting the Hazardous Prize 4,300 More for Captors Shares - - 1,000

Buying and fitting the L'Envie, since! called' the Chatham Prize - -J

Captors Shares, yet unknown - o

Raising the new Ropehouse, at Portsmouth, One} Story higher -

Building a new Hoy at Portsmouth, to fetch Timber} for that Yard -

£ d.

Refitting for Sea the Nottingham's Prize 102 5

Captors Shares unknown - - 00

Building and fitting a new Sloop at Woolwich, to row with 40 Oars, and to carry 10 Guns -

Two more of like Dimensions, to be built at Black-wall, by Contract -

1,526 19 558 10

366 15

260

4 o J 11 o o

18 October.

J

Refitting for Sea the Advice Prize -More due to the Captors Refitting for Sea the Sun Prize Captors Shares yet unknown Refitting for Sea the Medway Prize Captors Shares yet unknown

£ s. d.

659 1 3l

868 0 0)

857 6 2!

0 0 0J

1,488 10 1°1

0 0 °J

V01. 14.

Stuns.

£ s- d-5,246 0 0

386 0

1,535 >6

203 15 1,928 o

5,246

8,712

13,673

360

62

o O o O

5

25,053 i° 0

912 10 o 1,500 6 o

213 i5 0

2,085 9 4 626 i5 11

2,121 7 7

444 o 0

80,750 0 0

13,673 0 0

348 8 o

4.577

4.577 5,246

2,315

O O

O 0 O O

200,486 6 10

Name of the Ships and Vessels Built, and added.

Folkston.

Portsmouth Y atch;

Roebuck.

Reserve.

Mary.

5,300 10 o 415 16 0

1,781 9 0 776 12 5

102 5 6 1,140 0 0

3,351 o o

f Squirrel!, in room of }the former taken.

Swift.

f Ferret. XfVeasel.

5 L

Memorandum

Guards and Garrisons.

Cressett's

Nat.

410 10° — ii° No 1704.

Memorandum: There has been issued by the Treasurer of the Navy, in pursuance of Orders on that behalf, for the Transport Service, in the Three last Years, the Sums under-mentioned;

To Captain Atkinson and Mr. Roop, by Imprests To Mr. John Nutting, by Imprest -

Tho. Littleton, R. Haddock, Clowd. Shovell, Tho. Hopsonn, Cha. Sergison,

Year. £ s. d.

1702 43,171 13 0

1703 3C343 19 8

1704 10,000 0 0

84,515 12 8

D. Mitchell, T. Timacell, S. Atkins, Geo. Toilet.

Ordered, That the said Abstract do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Particular of the Head of General Officers for Guards and Garrisons, and of the Contingencies lor the last Year, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Particulars be laid before this House by the Paymaster of the Army, and Secretary at War.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 11 die Novembris;

3 Ann® Reginee.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill, for naturalizing Louise Marie Cressett, the Wife of James Esquire,

was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Louise Marie Cressctt, the Wife of James Cressett, Esquire.

Ordered, That Mr. Nicholas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Brerlton from the Commissioners of Prizes (according to Order) presented to the House, an Account of what has arisen by the Prizes, during the present War, and how the same has been applied; and also,

The Establishment of the Prize Office, with the Charge of the same yearly.

And the Titles of the said Account and Establishment w ere read:

And the said Account and Establishment are, as follow; viz.

Ay-

Proceeds of Prizes.

D

cq

r-h

n'

CD

Q_

cr

(D

o

An ACCOUNT of what has arisen by the Prizes, during the present War, according to an

<J Order of the Honourable House of Commons, dated the 7th November, 1704:

o

4

To Money received by the Receiver General for Prizes, for the Produce of Prize 1 Ships and Goods, from the Commencement of this War, to the 7th Novem- > -

ber, 1704 - - )

To the Produce of Prizes, sold in the Port of Portsmouth ——

To the Produce of Prizes, sold in the Port of Plymouth - " . ' " 11,177

In Part of which, there has been remitted to London, which is included in the 7

Receiver General's Charge above - - - - -J 4-o57

To the Produce of Prizes, sold in the Ports of Dover, Deale, Ramsgate and Margate To the Produce of Prizes, sold in the Pert of Weymouth -

In Part of which, there has been remitted to London, which is included in the 7 Receiver General's Charge - f

243

100

To the Produce of Prizes, sold in the Port of Kinsale ----- - 1,859

In Part of which, there has been remitted to London, which is included in the 7 g Receiver General's Charge - - - - .- - j 7

To the Produce of Prizes, sold in the Port of Lisbon ----- - 1,880

In Part of which, there has been remitted to London, which is included in the 7

Receiver General's Charge - _ - - 3

j. d.

5 3 10 9

18 10

o o

4 10

5 3

8 11 15 10

To Money received for a small Parcel of Goods, sold at Bristol To Money received at Falmouth for some Goods sold in that Port

£. s. d.

389,108 17 4 3.i 37 1 3

6,619 >4 6

i)Ooo 16 6

143 18 10

271 19 7

343 13 23 16 6

84 7 3

£. 400,740 4 10

Memorandum: Besides what is mentioned in this Account, there has been Prize Guns, and Stores, delivered to the Office of the Ordnance, which. arefnot yet paid for:

And to the Navy, for Ships of War, taken into her Majesty's Service, which, ' by a Clause in her Declaration, she reserves to her own Use, paying only io/.i per Gun, and ioj. per Tun,(which, when received, is all to be paid to the Captors)\ 30,000 o o whereas the intrinsick Value of those Ships, according to a moderate Computation, ( may amount to -

The Balance, which is in the Hands of the Receiver General for Prizes, is due to the Vigo, and other Captors, for their Shares of Prizes; which could not yet be paid them, by reason the Ordnance Office has not paid the Money, due from them, as above, and the Navy, for the Tonnage and Gunnage of the Men of War: And there has been a Claim by Sir William Hodges, of a Parcel of Cochineal (Part of the Vigo Booty) of 6,000l. Value, not determined by the Lords of Appeals; and sundry Parcels of Goods, not yet taken away, or paid for, by the Buyers.

November icth, 1704.

H

tt

fc

And how the same has been applied.

By Money paid into the Exchequer, being her Majesty's Share of Prizes By Money paid to the Captors, for the Moiety of the neat Proceed of Prizes, the Nine-tenths of 7 Privateers, and Gun Money, pursuant to her Majesty's Declaration

By Money paid for Admiralty Court Fees, and Charges at the Court of Appeals, 1 f6r condemning Ships and Goods, and Charges of Stamps - - - - J

By Money paid for Warehouse Hire, Wharfage, Lighterage, Sec. in the Port of London ——

By Money paid for Freight of Goods, which were condemned, and the Ships restored, the Court of Admiralty having adjudged Freight to be paid -By Money paid for Custom Duties of Goods out of the East Star and Goldin 7

- -5

£ s. d.

4.588 7 5

3.174 10 11

.44> 7 >i

>2,111 6 9

By Money paid for Pilotage, landing and housing. Porters, Appraisers, Waiters, Coopers, Charges of selling, and other Incidents, from the Beginning of the War to this Time -By Money paid to the Lord High Admiral of England, &c. for One-tenth of Prizes, and Perquisites, adjudged to him ——

By Salaries, from Midsummer, 1702, to Midsummer, 1703 ——

[ By Salaries, &c. from Midsummer, 1703, to Michaelmas, 1704, being One Year and a Quarter -By Money paid, by Order of the Lord High Admiral, for Medals, and other Rewards for extraordinary Service at Sea, pursuant to her Majesty's Declaration By Money paid for the Produce of Goods, which were restored after Sale -By Money paid for Agency in Sir Cloudesly SbovelHs Expedition to the Mediterranean By Money paid in the Port of Plymouth for Charges on Sundry Prizes, carried into that Port -By Money paid in the said Port for Custom Duties of Goods condemned out of the Ships, called. The Salvator of Stetin, and St. Maria of Stetin ——

By Money paid by the Sub-commissioners at Portsmouth, for Charges on sundry Prizes, carried into that Port - -

By Money paid by the Sub-commissioners at Dover, and the Agent at Deale, Ramsgate, and Margate, Sec, ——

By Money paid by Thomas Bower, Agent for Prizes at IVeymouth, for ChaTges upon a Prize, brought into that Port ——

By Money paid by Gabriel Soul den, Agent at Kingsale, for Charges on the Goods condemned out of The Governor of Narva, carried into that Port ——

By Balance remaining in the Hands of Thomas Bower Agent at Weymouth -By Balance remaining in the Hands of the Sub-commissioners at Plymouth, the 24th of June, 1704 -By Balance remaining in the Hands of the Sub-commissioners at Portsmouth, the same Time -By Balance remaining in the Hands of the Sub-commissioners at Dover, Deale, &c. the same Time -By Balance remaining in the Hands of Ellis Terril, Agent at Lisbon, the same Time -By Balance remaining in the Hands of the Receiver General for Prizes, this 7th of November, 1704, being due to the Captors ——

Errors excepted.

Edw. Brereton R. Yard, Ant. Dunconibe, Wm. Gosselin, Alex. Pcndarves.

£. r. d.

4S>68S 3 >28,234 6 9

73»9i9 9 >i

* .3 >5 '3 6

0,075 1 0

3.098 IS 8

9.504 13 11

12,856 xs 0

575 0 0

1,3° 0 0

.300 0 0

3.601 8 si

2,403 3 io£

2,468 12 5

886 7 11

78 2 7

272 18 1

65 16 3

614 12 2

668 8 10

120 8 7

343 3 1

45, 68 4 1

400,740 4 to

3 Ann. ii° Nffvembris. 411

I id Novembris.

411

A \.1704,

The said ESTABLISHMENT of the Prize Office,

) early. Salaries,

per Annum.

with the Charge of the same

Esquires principal Commissioners, each 500l. per Annum.

120/.

1

Emanuel Scroop Haw,

Edward Brereton George Mor ley,

Robert Yard,

Anthony Duncomb,

Alexandei' Pendarves,

Anthony Burnaby, Esquire, Secretary

William Gosselyn, Esquire, Comptroller

To Two Clerks employed under him

John Brexcer, Esquire, Treasurer -

Anthony Brucer, Deputy

William Bathurst,) Accomptants, each

John Portman, y per Annum -

Joseph Lee, )Clerks in the Accomptant s')

Edward Richbell, ] Office, fio/. each - ]

Richard Griffith, One other Clerk in the said Office

William Bing, Agent for bills -

Sir John Cook, her Majesty's Advocate General-)

in the Admiralty' Court - - - , -3

Doctor William Oldys, One other Advocate in

the said Court -

Daniel Burges, Solicitor -

John Wynn, Deputy Solicitor

Cornelius Clif ton, Land Surveyor -

James Mellejont, Store-keeper

Renalus Peters, Clerk to him

Colte Tichborne, Tide Surveyor

John Turner, Office-keeper -

Anne Turner, House-keeper -

Tho. Langcvorth, Messenger -

RichardMorley, Esquire, Riding Surveyor

Edward Porter, Clerk to him - -

Edward Knatchbull,'} Esquires, Sub-commission-")

John Chetxvind, J ers at Dover, each 3001, y

Charles Bargrace, chief Clerk and Accomptant )

at Ditto .....j

John Power, second Clerk at Ditto

c. n , . (Sub-commissioners )

Sir Geo. Parker, Baronet,\ earhV

Charles Goring, - -(300/

Joseph Battailhey, Store-keeper at Ditto -

Roger Clutterbuck, Clerk and Accomptant at Ditto

JohnA/tf«/cj/,) Esquires, Sub-commissioners at)

Hen. Ilooke, y Plymouth,each 300l. per Annum 3

Tho. Humble, Store-keeper at Ditto Fra.Hill, Clerk and Accomptant at Ditto AbrahamStanyan, Esq. Sub-commissioner at Bristol John Hardy, Clerk, Store-keeper and Accorap-) tant at Ditto ----- -3

William Burnaby, Esquire, Sub-commissioner at 300

William Cornwall, Store-keeper at Ditto 30

Samuel Powell, Clerk at Ramsgate and Margate 30 Isaac Bargrace, Clerk at Deale - - - 50

3,000

400

500

100

400

60

240

120

40

50

400

400

100

80

50

50

30

50

30

20

40

100

50

600

too

50

600

50

50

600

50

50

300

30

Prize Office,") 9 Nov. 1704.3

Edxv. Brereton, Ant. DuncmJe, Wm. Gosselin.

Sum Total - 9,200

Rob. Yard,

Alex. P

Ordered, That the said Account, and Establishment, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Army, tie. A Petition of the Officers, Soldiers, Clothiers, and Debentures, others, concerned in the Army, and Transport Debentures, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that by the Act of i Anna, for making good Deficiencies, and preserving the publick Credit, it is enacted, That such of the said Debentures, as should remain unsatisfied by the Produce of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, should be made good the next Session of Parliament after the 24th of June, 1703, with Interest at 5/. per Cent, from the 24th of December, 1701: That all the said Estates are sold, and the Petitioners are still 3

unsatisfied, and have about Three Years Interest due thereon: And praying, that their said Debentures may be made good, according to the said Act.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to examine. Expiring what Laws are expired, or expiring, which are fit to be Laws, revived, or continued; and to report the same to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Matthexo Dudley, Sir Humph. Mackworth, Mr. Montague, Sir John , Mr.

Arundell, Mr. Toke, Mr. Smith, Mr. , Mr.

ing, Sir Wm. St. Quintin, Sir Rich. Onslow, Sir Cha.

Turner, Lord Cheine, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Bromley,

Air. Crosse: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Air. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, who were to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; w here the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Forty thousand Alen, which were raised to act in Conjunction with the Forces of her Majesty's Allies, be continued for the Year 1705.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Eight hundred Eighty-five thousand One hundred Ninety-three Pounds, Three Shillings, and Six-pence, be granted to her Majesty, for maintaining the said 40,000 Alen for the Service of the Year 1705.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the additional Forces of Ten thousand Alen be continued for the Year 1705.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Seventy-seven thousand Five hundred and Eleven Pounds, Three Shillings, and Six-pence, be granted to her Majesty, for maintaining the said additional Forces for the Year 1705.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That her Majesty's Proportion of Land E'orces, to act in Conjunction with the Forces of the King of Portugal for the Service of the Year 1705, be Ten thousand Two hundred Alen.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Twenty-two thousand Three hundred and Seventy-nine Pounds, Five Shillings, and Ten-pence, be granted to her Majesty, for maintaining of the said to,200 Alen for the Service of the Year 1705.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred Seventy thousand One hundred and Nineteen Pounds, and One Shilling, be granted to her Majesty, for Payment of her Majesty's Proportion of the Subsidies to her Allies for the Service of the Year 1705.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that a Sum, not exceeding Forty thousand Pounds, be granted to her Majesty, for defraying her Majesty's Proportion of her Subsidy to the Duke of Savoy, from the 3d of October, 1703, to the 25th of December, 1703.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Six thousand Seven hundred Twenty-five Pounds, be granted to her Majesty, for Levy-money, for recruiting the Horses of the English Horse and Dragoons, lost at the Battle of and Bleinheim.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-four thousand Six hundred Sixty-five Pounds, be granted to her Majesty, for defraying of her Majesty's Proportion of the Levy Aloney, to recruit the Men and Horses of the

Foreigners,

v

Ii° Novembfis.

Ordnance

Charge.

Stores of Salt-petre.

3 Ann.

4 3

Foreigners, that are in the Pay of her Majesty and the States General, which were lost in the same Battles.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand One hundred Thirty-five Pounds, be granted to her Majesty, for defraying the Charge of an additional Regiment of Dragoons and Foot, upon the Portugal Establishment, from the 25th of October, 1704, to the 25th of December, 1704.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Forty-four Pounds, be granted to her Majesty, for the Charge of Two Surgeons, and Four Mates, for the Hospital in Portugal, from the 25th of August, 1704, to the 25th of December, 1704.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, of the common Charge, or Ordinary, of the Office of Ordnance, and of the extraordinary Expences upon Contingencies, both for Sea and Land Service, for the Years, ending at Michaelmas, 1703 and 1704.

Ordered, That the said Account be laid before this House by the Officers of Ordnance.

of what Stores were remaining of Salt-petre, and Powder, in the Office of Ordnance, at the End of the Year 1701, and what hath yearly been furnished since, to June last, and what Issues have been yearly made since, and what Returns of Stores, and the yearly Expence of Salt-petre, and Powder, including the Quantities of the same respectively.

Ordered, That the said Account be laid before this House by the Officers of Ordnance.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for Prohibiting the more effectual restraining the Commerce with France, Commerce and particularly, the receiving and negotiating Bills of Fr nc ‘ Exchange from France:

And it is referred to Sir Richard Onslow, Sir Humphry Mackworth, Mr. Secretary Hedges, Mr. Solicitor-general,

Sir Gilbert Heathcot, Mr; Lowndes, Mr. Smith, Mr.

Gould, Sir Henry Furnace, Mr. Crawley, Mr. Bromley,

Mr. Annesley, Colonel Byerly, or any Three of them, to prepare, and bring in, the Bill;

Mr. St.John, Secretary at War (according to Order) Guards and presented to the House, The General and Staff Officers Garrison , upon the Establishment of Guards and Garrisons, com- mericing the 2,5th of December, 1703.

And the Title thereof was read.

And the same is as followeth; viz.

Ordered\That an Account be laid before this House,

1

General and Staff Officers.

CAPTAIN General.....- -

Three Aids de Camp to the General, at ioj. per Diem each -

Paymaster-general ....

Secretary at War ——

Commissary-general of the Musters, 1/. 5 8 id. per Diem, whereof 150/."I

a Year is to be paid out of the Day's Pay allowed upon the Establishment to I Chelsea Hospital; to the Deputy Commissary-general in London, Mr. Crawford, I for himself and Contingencies, 1/. 3 s.a Day; to Six Deputy Commissaries, at 10#. a Day each; One Deputy at Jersey and Guernsey, 2 6d. One for

Scilley, is. 4 d.and Two Clerks, is. 6d. each

Adjutant-general ——

Quarter Master-general ——

Judge Advocate, for himself 15s. and for his Clerk 2s. 6d. and for his Deputy") at Jersey and Guernsey, 2 s. 6d.- - -

To the Two Comptrollers of the Accounts of the Army, each 750/. a Year;") and to their Secretary 300l. - - -y

Physician to the Forces ——

Surgeon to the Forces ——

Apothecary to the Forces -

Secretary to the General

Chaplain to the General ——

Physician to the General ——

Surgeon to the General ——

Per Diem.

Per Annum.

£ s. d: £ s. d.

10 0 0 3A50 0 0

1 10 0 547 10 0

1 0 0 365 0 0

1 0 0 365 0 0

5 9 4 L995 6 8

0 10 0 182 10 0

0 10 0 182 10 0

1 0 0 3&5 0 0

4 18 71 1,800 0 0

0 10 0 1S2 10 0

0 10 0 182 10 0

0 10 0 182 10 0

0 10 0 182 10 0

0 6 8 121 13 4

0 10 0 182 10 0

0 10 0 182 10 0

29 4 7 10,669 10 0

Difference in 1703, and 1704. £. s. d.

The Pay of the General and Staff Officers upon the Establishment for the Year 1703, was - 8,687 0 o

Added upon the Establishment for the Year 1704, which was lessened in the Sum allowed for Contingencies; viz. £. s. d.

To the Comptrollers of the Army 1,500l. and to their Secretary 300l. Q

To the Quartermaster-general

Contingencies allowed on the Establishment of 1703

Lessened in the Contingencies in 1704. £. s. d.

By the Charge of the Comptrollers and Quartermaster-general") , afore-mentioned, brought upon the Establishment -y I,9®2 10 0

Bv an Allowance for Gunners at Dartmouth, brought on the

182 10

Establishment of Garrisons

36 10 o

Remains

The Sum for General and Staff Officers, and Contingencies, on the Estimate for 1705 -

H. St. John.

Vol. 14. 5 M

p

o

7,068 o 0

1,982 10 o 10,669 10 o

2,019 o o

5,049 o o 15,718 10 0

Ordered,

Victualling the Navy.

General Officers and Contingencies.

414

m 0 Novembris.

A.

1704,

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Sir Thomas Littleton, from the Commissioners of Victualling (according to Order) presented to the House,

An Account of‘all the extraordinary Charges, which have accrued on victualling her Majesty's Navy, during the present War.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

And the said Account is, as followeth; viz.

By Cost and Charges of Provisions, sent to the in the Year 1702, in Victualling)

Ships, and consigned to our Agent, for the Service of her Majesty's Ships at Jamaica, but made> use of in victualling the Land Forces employed against die Islands of Guardalupa, 8$c. - -)

Provisions delivered by our Agent at Sea, by Order of the Right Honourable Sir Geo. Rook,} in'September, 1702, for the Use of Soldiers, sent with Commodore Walker to the

in several Transport Ships, to the Amount of ----- -----}

By Provisions for victualling Soldiers, sent to the West Indies in several Transport Ships,) from Portsmouth, and re-victualled at Plymouth, between the 12th December, 1702, and the> 1st April, 1703, to the Amount of ——

Provisions shipped at Portsmouth and Plymouth, for victualling Soldiers, sent to the West i Indies in several Transport Ships, in March 170-f - -- ---}

Provisibns issued by our Agent at Jamaica in June, 1703, for the Use of Land Forces there,} to the Amount of ----- ----- -- -3

Provisions issued to the Land Forces' on the Expedition with the King of Spain to Portugal,\ in the Year 1701, on sundry Transport Ships, to the Amount of - - - - -j

Provisions issued from Ireland to Land Forces on the said Expedition to Portugal, on sundry}

Transport Ships, to the Amount of j

Provisions issued to her Majesty's Ships of War, and Transport Ships, on the Coast of Holland,'} for victualling the English Forces shipped from thence on the aforesaid Expedition to Portugal -j Sent to Newfoundland, for victualling Soldiers there in the Year 1704

Issued from London and Portsmouth, for the Use of a Battalion of her Majesty's Guards, &c.} transported to Portugal in the Year 1704 ----- --- -3

For extraordinary Freights to several Ships, taken up to carry Provisions for the Service of her Majesty's Fleet and Land Forces, to the West Indies, , and Portugal, in the

Years, 1702, 1703, and 1704, to the Amount of ——

Demurrages to several Victualling Ships, employed on foe Services before-mentioned, to foe} Amount of - - - -'- - - - -J

New Buildings, and additional Works to Offices, Storehouses, Brewhouses, Ac. at }

and the several Out-ports, to the Amount of ----- --- -J

By Prize Ships, bought for lodging of Victualling Stares in Harbour, and Vessels built for} Transportation ----- ----- --- -J

Losses at Sea by the Enemy, and the late great Storm, Ac. ——

Salaries, and Other extra Allowances, to Agents abroad, and extra' Clerks -

Ex' per $. R.

£ s. d.

7,480 0 8

5,490 3 9

2,304 17 1

5,072 7 9

1,642 19 9

32,134 18 9

3,654 19 0

1,196 3 2

1,051 14 1

2,897 16 10

48,227 19 5

18,235 16 7

6,509 1 9

4,181 10 7

15,524 2 5

4,920 17 10

60,525 9 5

Ordered, That the said Adeount do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. How, Pdymaster of the Army (according, to Order) presented to foe House, The Particulars of the

> General and Staff Officers.

Tho. Colby, H. Vincent,

Tho. Jennings, Ken. Edisbury,

Kee.

Heads of General Officers and Contingencies, for the Year ending the 24th of December 1703.

And the Title of the said Particulars was read.

And the said Particulars are, as follow;

Captain General ——

Three Aids de Cajnp to the General, each lor.

Paymaster-general ——

Secretary to the Forces ——

Commissary-general of the Musters, and hi Deputies, 1/. per Diem,}

whereof 150/. per Ann. to be paid out of the Day's Pay allowed for Chelsea Hospital j Adjutant-general - -

Judge Advocate, for himself, Deputy, and Clerk -Physician to the Forces ——

Surgeon to the Forces - -

Secretary to the General ——

Chaplain to the General ——

Physician to foe General ——

Surgeon to the General -

Apothecary to the Forces -' - -

Total for General and Staff Officers -

Per Diem.

Per Annum.

3. d. i- s. d

10 0 0 3,650 0 0

1 10 0 547 10 0

1 0 0 3C5 0 0

1 0 0 365 0 0

5 9 4 1,995 6 8

0 10 0 182 10 0

1 0 0 365 0 0

0 10 0 182 10 0

0 10 0 182 10 0

0 10 0 182 10 0

0 6 8 121 13 4

0 10 0 182 10 0

0 10 0 182 10 0

0 10 0 182 10. 0

23 16 0 8,687 0 0

Payments for Contingencies;

Paid William Blaithwait, Esquire, by Warrant - -- -- - 1,000 o o

Paid Sir Joseph Tredenham and Sir Wm. Duncombe, Comptrollers of the Army Accounts, and) to their Secretary Captain Cartwright, for their own Allowances, and for the Contingencies of> 1,503 9 o

their Office, from the 10th of June to the 24th of December, 1703, by Warrant -}

4 Paid

Papillon's

Accounts.

Proceedings against Parkhurst and Paschall.

Poor Relief.

3 Ann,

i i° — 130 Novembris.

Paid Colonel Luke Lillingston, in full of his Allowance for One Year, by Warrant

Paid Captain Harris in full of One Year's Pension, by Warrant -

Paid Captain Griff'en the like, by the same Warrant ——

Paid Captain Porter the like by the same Warrant ——

Paid Lieutenant Meolcs the like, by the same Warrant ——

Paid Lieutenant Richardson the like, by Warrant ——

Paid Edmund and John Shaw, in full of One Year's Allowance for the Rent of several Offices) near the Horse Guards ——

Paid Monsieur Billicre for special Service, by Warrant ——

Paid Mr. Thurston for Fire and Candle for the Company at Newfoundland, by Warrant Paid David Cranford and Samuel Lynn, for the Contingencies of the Commissary-general's and) Secretary at War's Offices, by Warrants - - - y

Paid the Lord Purtmore and Lord Lucas, for contingent Disbursements for their Regiments, by) Warrant ----- ----- ----- J>

Paid Quartermaster Bennet, for contingent Disbursements, by Warrant -

Paid Colonel Morrison, for Contingencies of the Foot Guards, by Warrant.

Paid Colonel Bissettthe like, by Warrant ——

Paid Mr. John Thurston, for Contingencies of the Judge Advocate, by Warrant Paid Brigadier Seymour, for his Allowance of 30 . a Day, per Warrant -

Paid several Tradesmen, for Work done, and Goods delivered, at the Officers Rooms at the) Tilt-yard, by Warrant -

Paid several disbanded Officers of the Lord Windsor's and Colonel Harvye's late Regiments of) Horse, for their Half-pay, according to the Establishment thereof, pursuant to Warrant - )

Paid Lieutenant Castlefranc, for contingent Disbursements, by Warrant - -

Paid Captain Silver for Fuzees, by Warrant - - - - -

Paid Colonel Wakelyn, for Centry Boxes for the Guards, by Warrant -

Paid Captain Allen, for contingent Disbursements, by Warrant -

Paid the Earl of Essex and Colonel Elliot, for the Contingencies of their Regiments, by Warrant

Paid Captain Stevenage, for contingent Disbursements, by Warrant -

Paid ditto, on the like Account, by Warrant - ... - -

Paid Doctor Gaytard, as Physician to the Forces sent to the Indies, by Warrant -

Paid Colonel Andrew Bisset, to make up his Pay of Captain-lieutenant to that of Captain, by) Warrant - -- -- y

Paid Mrs. Hastings, as of Royal Bounty, by Warrant ——

150

73

4 5

£ s. d. 200 o o o o o o

54 15 o 3610 o 36 10 o

40 o o

300 o o 50 o o

3 1 7 4i

133 15 3 21 4 a

26 r8 8 26 i(i o 81 98

412 10 o

285 >6 u[

234 4 o

13 7 115 12 12 1

2 10 176 13 4 37

9

7

175 10 84 4

o

6

7

o

9

4

o

o

50 o o

Total paid for Contingencies

5,660 11

Remains of the Sum allowed upon the Establishment, Upon which no Warrants hath been yet drawn 1,407 8

9

3

Total allowed on the Establishment

7,068

J. Howe.

Ordered, That the said Particulars do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House(according to Order) resumed the adjourned Debate of Tuesday last, concerning the charging Philip Pajnllon, Esquire, with Interest for the Balance of his Account, which he owned to be in his Hands, and which he now acquainted the House he had paid into the Receipt of her Majesty's Exchequer.

Ordered, That the Comptroller and Commissioners of the Victualling do lay before this House, the State of the said Mr. Papillons Account, now under Examination, with the Exceptions made to the Articles of his Account, or the Vouchers of the same.

Ordered, That the Queen's Remembrancer do lay before this House, an Account of what Proceedings have been against Mr. Parkhurst, and Mr. Paschall, late Commissioners of the Prizes, in order to oblige them to bring in, and prosecute their Accounts.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for the better Relief, Employment, and Settlement, of the Poor;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do make Provision in the Bill, for the settling, providing for, and employing the Poor, in Places extra-parochial.

Then the House (according to Order) resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Humphry Mackieorth took the Chair of the Committee.

Vol. 14.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Humphry Mackworth reported from the said Committee, that they had made some Progress; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to- sit again.

Resolved, That this House, will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned tiH Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lienee, 13 die Novembris;

3° Ann® Regina.

Prayers.

ABIL L, to enable Agnes Hacche, Widow, and other Trustees, to make Leases, and sell Lands in the County of Dewon, for the Payment of the Debts and Legacies of Robert Hacche, Esquire, deceased, and for the Maintenance and Advancement of his Daughters Portions, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the BHl be committed to Mr. Musgrave, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Cesar, Sir Math. Dudley, Mr. Fagg, Mr. Bulkley, Mr. Rooney, Mr. Scobeli, Sir Cha. Hotham, Mr. Anstis, Mr Harley, Mr. Pigot, Mr. Sharp,

Mr. Comyns, Mr. Montague, Mr. Heme, Mr. Crosse, Mr. Clark, Mr. Mansell, Mr. Gauntlet, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Mompesson, Mr. Burridge, Mr. Mr. Dyot,

Mr. Reynolds, Sir Math. Briggs, Mr. Gwynn: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir

Hacche's

Estate.

Sophisticating Wines.

Amiy

Debentures.

Victualling the Navy.

416 130 Novembr 1704.

Sir Robert Dovers (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, for preventing the Sophistication of Wines; and the same was received, and read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of Susannah - Chenevir and Mary Paine, on behalf of themselves, and many other Widows of Officers, who were killed in the late Engagements at Donawert and Hockstet, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners Husbands, having received from the Government several Debentures for their Pay, charged th Petitioners not to part with them, till they were made as good as Money, which they soon expected, the Parliament having enacted to make them good the next Session after the 24th of June, 1703: That their Husbands supported their Families by Returns from Holland, and they still have the Debentures, but cannot any longer subsist, without disposing of them, which are now at a very great Discount: And praying the House to make Provision for Payment of the Principal and Interest due on the said Debentures.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Vincent, from the Commissioners of Victualling, presented to the House (according to Order) An Account where the Ships in her Majesty's Service in the Year 1703 and 1704, were victualled.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Mr. Craxcley,one of the Receivers of the Droits and Admiralty

Perquisites of the Admiralty (according to Order) pre- Droits, sented to the House an Account of Salvage Money, and other Droits and Perquisites of the Admiralty, from the Beginning of the present War to the 13th of November, 1704, and how the same have been expended.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. William Bridges, from the Officers of Ordnance, Small Arm.

presented to the House (according to Order.) and Charge of

A State of Small Arms, with the Value thereof: And Ordnance, also, < &e

A Computation of the ordinary Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year 1705:

And also,

An Account of Salt-petre, and Gunpowder, at the End of the Year 1701, in Store, and what hath been furnished, received, and issued, to the 30th of June, 1704, and what remained in Store the 30th of June, 1704.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

And the said Accounts are as follow;

As ACCOUNT of the State of Small Arms remaining in Store, within the Office of her Majesty Ordnance, at the End of the Year 1701, with what Issues, Receipts, and Returns, have been made yearly to the 30th'of June, 1704, viz.

Small Arms. 1 State the lit Jan 1761. Receipts and Returns to the 1st Jan. 1702. Issues to 1st Jan. 1702. State the 1st Jan. 1702. Receipts and Returns to ist Jan. 1703. Issues to 1st Jan. 1703. State the ist Jan. 1703. Receipts and Returns to 30th June 1704- Issues to the 30th June, 1704-, State the 30th June 1704.

Snaphance Musquets, for Sea) Service J 1,841 6,074 4,710 3,205 4,602 3,126 4,681 178 2,024 2,835

Ditto, for Land Service - - 36,558 9.243 26,245 19,556 15,057 19,891 14,722 3,435 5,430 12,727

Carbines ----- -- 4,071 1,525 1,487 4,109 846 1,064 3,891 2 3,893

Pistols in Pairs ----- - 4,727 2,282 3,739 3,270 4,131 1,956 5,445 64 3091 5,200

Musquetoons - - - - 216 462 411 267 142 237 172 25 41 156

Blunderbusses 212 50 162 162 162

The State of Small Arms in Store the 1st of January, 1701, was - -The Receipts and Returns, between the 1st of January 1701, and th 30th of J une, 1704, were - - -- - j

The State of Small Arms the 30th of June, 1704, being deducted from-' the Statethe 1st January, 1701, Receipts, and Returns, the Remainder are the Arms expended between 1st January, 1701, and 30th June,)

1704. - -....

The Value of which amounts to 78,179/. 8 *

The Remainder of Anns expended -

Snaphance Mtfsqtfeta. 14 ?2

For Sea Service. For Land Service. Carbines. Pistols. 3 JS e 0 1 5

1,841 10,854 36,558 27,735 4,071 2,373 4,727 6,478 216 629 212

12,695 64,293 6,444 11,205 845 212

2,835 12,727 3,893 5,200 156 l62

9,860 51,566 2,551 6,005 689 50

C. Musgrave, Wm. B,

The said Computation of the ordinary Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year 1705.

Allowances and Wages to the Master-general, principal Officers, Storekeepers, Engineers, Clerks, labourers, Gunners, Fire-masters, Bombardiers, &c. daily attendant, and employed I in the Office at the Tower, Berwick, Carlisle, Chatham, &c. with the Rents of Storehouses, &c. amounts to 23,3951. 4 . 6 d. whereof one Aloiety is always paid out of the Money appropriated for Land Service. ——

Repairing Platforms, which are very defective at most of the Forts, Castles, and Garrisons, in England, and making new, and repairing the Defects of the old, Carriages -

Repairing Storehouses, Barracks, Bridges, Gates, &c. at the Forts, Castles, and Garrisons Furnishing Bedsteads, Beds, Sheets, and repairing the same, at the Forts, Castles, and Garrisons Expence of Ladles, Sponges, Petty Emptions, and other Gunners Stores, and Flags, at the Forts,' Castles, and Garrisons, and supplying the Army with Ammunition for Duty and EJxercise 3

£. s. d. 11,697 12 3

4.000 o o

2.000 o o 1,576 1 6

2,500 o o

Cleaning

3 Ann.

i 30 Novembris.

417

9,500

S.

d.

o o

Cleaning and repairing Arms, Armour, and other Stores, and keeping the several Trains of Ar-7 tillery in a serviceable Condition ----- ----- -J

Building of Baracks, erecting new, and repairing the old, Fortifications at Newfoundland,7 making of a Bomb, with the Charge of the Officers and Workmen for doing thereof - -

Incident Charges of the Office, for Clerks, Labourers, to take Remains of Stores, either fori delivering them into the Custody of a new Officer, or otherwise, at the Forts, Castles, and Garri-> 2, OOP o 0 sons, and for Books, Paper, Postage of Letters, fyc.

28,273 >3 9 C. Musgraoe, Wm. Bridges,

Ja. Craggs.

The said ACCOUNT of Salt-petre, and Gunpowder.

IN Store the Beginning of November, 1701 -

Received in the Year 1702 -

Received in the Year 1703 ——

Tons. c. Qrs. lb.

1,006 19 0 20

400 0 0 0

443 3 3 0

1,850 2 3 20

Issued to Powder-makers in 1702 -Issued to ditto in 1703 -

Issued to ditto to 30th June, 1704 -Remaining in Store 30th June, 1704

Tons. - 1,056 G. 1

379 2

- - - - 237 14

m 177 4

Qn. lb.

1 7 3 24

2 3 o 14

----- -- 1,850 2 3 20

The Value whereof amounts to 99,907/. 185. id.

Gunpowder remaining in Store the Beginning of November, 1701 Received in the Year 1702 ——

Received in the Year 1703 ——

Received to the 30th of June, 1704 -

Barrels.

14,180

15,513

17,637

5,747

----- --53,077

The Expence of the Year 1702 -

The Expence of the Year 1703 ——

Expence to the 30 th June, 1704 ——

The State of Powder remaining in Store the 30th of June, 1704 -

The Charge of making the same into Gunpowder, amounts to -The Value of the above-mentioned Salt-petre -

13,949

15,331

4,618

19,179

----- -- 53,077

f. s. d.

- 42,461 12 o

- 92,907 18 1

Expiring

Laws.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Committee, who are to examine the Laws expired, and near expiring, and report, which are fit to be revived, and continued, do sit de die in diem.

The House being informed, that Captain Atkinson and

142,369 10 1

C. AIttsgrave, Wm. Bri, ——

Ja. Craggs.

Mr. Itoop attended, they were called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, An Account of the Charge of Transport Service, from 1702, to the 30th Day-of October, 1704; and what hath been paid, and wtiat is remaining due thereon.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

And the Account is, as followeth;

Holland Service.

THE Charge of transporting her Majesty's Forces from") England to Holland in die Year 1702, amounted to ~y For the Year 1703 -

For the Year 1704 -

More, by Estimate, for Demurrage this Year

Spanish and West India Service, in 1702 and 1703.

The Charge of Freight on this Service, to 29 Ships, which went to Spain, and returned home, and to 16 Ships f more, which went to the West Indies,' and returned home, C

together with the Charge of Bedding and Cabins - - /

This Remain of 34,394/. 6 id. is due to the 16 Ships, which went to the West Indies.

Total Charge. Money paid. Remaining due.

£ d' L- d. £ s. d.

15,177 7 2 15,177 7 2f

3,926 10 8 3,926 10 8

8,422 6 3 7,337 8 3 i,oS4 18 0

400 0 0 - 400 0 0

27,926 4 if 26,441 6 if 1,484 18 0

116,135 19 81,741 13 0 34,394 6 1

Vol. 14.

5 N

Transport

Service.

Admiralty

Droits.

Supply.

418 130 — 140 Novembris. A. 1704.

Portugal Service, in 1703, and 1704.

The Charge of Freight, on this Service, to Ships hired 1 in England, Ireland, and Holland, which are discharged, I

Bedding, Cabins, and for Provisions furnished her Ma- > jesty's Forces, for their Passage from Holland to England, I and Extra's, by reason of the late Storm - J

There is due the 30th October, 1704, to 14 Ships, which were hired in Ireland, and lately returned from Par- V tugal to England, and are sailed for Dublin, to be dis- ( charged ----- -- - -J

There is due the 30th of October, 1704, to Ships.) hired here and in Ireland, now in monthly Pay, whose/ Freight amounts to 3,956/. io$. 1 per Month -The present Charge of Provisions, and other Necessaries,} for the Forces now going from Ireland for Portugal, fur- F nished by Mr. Martin Tucker, which (if the Forces are not t yet sailed) will be a growing Charge -j

For One Year's Charge for this Office

Total Charge.

76,906 13 if)

12,274 3 8

22,66a 19 11

5 335 o 0;

39.033 15 8i

117,178 16 81

1,800

263,040 19 ui

Money paid.

So that the Total Charge for Transport Service in) general, is - -

Memorandum: Over and above which, there is a Remainder due, for Principal,' on Account of Three several Bills of Exchange for 5,000l. Sterling, drawn in the Years 1698 and 1699, from Rotterdam, by Daniel Sadler, late Agent for Transport Service in Holland (for which he hath given the King Credit on the then Commissioners for Transports, which they accepted, but, for want of Money, could not pay the same) the Sum of 2,000l. for which he hath been imprisoned, and is likely to be ruined And for Interest thereon, to the 30th of October, 1704, with Charge of Protests, and Postage ——

Transport Office,

13 November, 1704, Nick. Roope.

147,216 14 101

Remaining due.

£ d.

78,145 o

1,800 o o

115,824 5 1

L >2,000

s. d.

o o

37 18 4

2,737 18 4

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed, that Mr. Dod, One of the Receivers of the Droits and Perquisites of the Admiralty, attended, he was called in, and, at the Bar (according to Order) presented to the House, An Account of the Rights and Perquisites of Admiralty; viz. of Prizes condemned to the Lord High Admiral, and Tenths of Prizes, from the Beginning of the present War, to the 11th of November, 1704.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty, being read;

Ordered, That the General and Staff Officers upon the Establishment of Guards and Garrisons, commencing the 25th of December, 1703, and the particular of the Heads of General Officers, and Contingencies, upon the Establishment of Guards and Garrisons, for the Year 1703, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Accounts, which have been this Day presented to the House, relating to the Land Forces, or Ordnance, for the next Year's Service, be referred to the said Committee.

And then the House (according to Order) resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had agreed upon several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report -be made Tomorrow Morning.

1

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, that the Committee had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mart is, 14 die j

Anno 3 Annas Regina.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Sir William Davie, Baronet, Sir Gould' Walter Yonge, Baronet, Thomas , Esquire, and Estate. Thomas Ham, Clerk, Executors of the last Will and Testament of Moses Gould, late of Esquire,

deceased, Guardians of William, John, and Moses, Gould, all Infants, and Children of the said Moses Gould, Esquire, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said Moses, deceased, did in his Life-time convenant to lay out 5,000 /. in a Purchase, for an Addition to the Jointure of his Wife Susanna (now the Wife of Wm.Courtney, Esquire) for her Life, and after,

to raise 3,000l. for younger Children's Portions: That the said 5,000l. was not laid out, nor is the personal Estate of the said Moses sufficient to pay the same, and his Debts and Legacies, and maintain his younger Children; but the Petitioners are come to an Agreement with the said Susanna, which will effect those Purposes, and which she (before her last Marriage') had in part executed:

And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for confirming the said Agreement, and for Payment 01 the Debts, and Maintenance of the younger Children, of the said Moses Gould, and for settling other Part of his Estate.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Serjeant Hooper and Mr. Rcyuelldo prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition

Baines'

Estate.

Sapply.

Restraining Commerce with France.

Proceedings against Earl of Halifax.

Members

summoned.

Prosecutions directed by Parliament.

3 Ann. 140 — 150

A Petition of the Right Honourable Thomas as well for and on the behalf of Alary Baines and Alary Gore, Co-trustees with the Petitioner, as of Alary, Anne, and Penelope, Baynes, Infants, under the Age of One-and-twenty Years, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that Edward Bains, deceased, late Father of the Infants, being seised in Fee of divers'Lands and Premises in Kent and Hertfordshire, of about 120/. per Annum, did, by Indenture of 22d August, 1696, demise the same to the said Trustees, for 999 Years, in Trust, to pay his Debts, maintain the Infants, and provide Portions for his Daughters: That the Hertfordshire Lands are mortgaged for 700 /. and the Kentish Lands for 380/. so that to pay the Interest, Taxes, and Repairs, there is very little left to maintain the Infants; whereas by a Sale the Debts may be paid, and some Surplus preserved for the Children; but no Person is willing to buy the said Term, unless they could have the Inheritance also, which is lodged in an Infant Heir: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, to vest the said Estate in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of the Debts of the said Edward Baynes, in the first Place, and for disposing such Residue, or Surplus-money, as shall arise by such Sale or Sales, for the Benefit of the Infants.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Ogle and Mr. Guyn do prepare, and bring in, the

Bill.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table; where the same were read, and are, as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty-eight thousand Five hundred Forty-six Pounds, Nineteen Shillings, and Sixpence, be granted to her Majesty, for defraying the extraordinary Expences of the War in the Year 1703, pursuant to the Portugal Treaty, and not provided for in the last Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of tins Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred Fifty-seven thousand Pounds, be granted to her Majesty, for maintaining of Guards and Garrisons, and for Payment of Invalids, for the Service of the Year 1705, including Five thousand Men, to serve on board the Fleet.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Council of Trade do lay before this House their Opinion, as to the best Method for restraining Commerce with Prance, and negotiating Bills of Exchange from thence.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Consideration the Return of Mr. Attorney-general, in relation to the Prosecution against the Lord Halifax',

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms do go with the Mace into Westminster-hall, and Courts there, and Court of Requests, and summon the Members to attend the Service of the House immediately.

And he went accordingly:

And being returned;

The Return of Mr. Attorney-general was read.

And the House being informed, that Mr. Borrett attended, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, A Particular of the Causes, directed by the House of Commons, in this Parliament, to be prosecuted.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Particular was read, and is, as followed);

vis.

Vox.. 14.

Novembris. 419

William Lloyd, the Lord Bishop of Worcesters Son, for Misdemeanors in the Election of a Member for the County of Worcester, to be prosecuted, after his Privilege, as a Member of the Lower House of Convocation, is out;

John Dyer, for a scandalous N ews Letter:

The Lord Halifax, Auditor of the Receipt of Exchequer, for neglecting his Duty in the Execution of his Office:

The Assessors and Collectors of the Land Tax for the Parish of Bromley, in the County of Kent, for illegal levying of Money upon the Subject: And,

The Collectors of the Subsidy for the Town of East Greenwich, hi the same County, for the like Offence.

Borrett.

Ordered, That Copies of the Information, and Plea, and all other the Proceedings, relating to the Prosecution of the Lord Half ax, pursuant to die Address of this House, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Proceedings be laid before this House by die proper Officers.

Ordered, That the Exception taken by the Counsel for the Lord Halifax to the Information exhibited against him, and allowed by the Court of Exchequer, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the same be laid before this House by Mr. Attorney-general, and other her Majesty's Counsel.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Return of Mr. Attorney-general, and Paper delivered in by Mr. Borrett, be adjourned until Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Borrett be discharged from his further Attendance at this Time, and do attend this House again upon Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Bromley have Leave to make a Motion, it being after One a Clock.

And he moved accordingly, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for preventing occasional Conformity.

And the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for preventing occasional Conformity;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

» forte Yea,

Tellers for the Noes, jfj> 126'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Air. Bromley, Mr. Ward, and Mr.

Armcsley,do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Alorn-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill, for the better Relief, Employment, and Settlement, of the Poor.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Alorning, Nine a Clock

Mercurii, 15 die Novembris;

3 Ann® Regina.

PuAYERS.

A PETITION of Thomas Brewer, Esquire, on behalf of himself, and other the Trustees, Relict, and Children, of Daniel Drake, Gentleman, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said Daniel, having contracted great Debits, to purchase Estates in Somersetshire, and having had Two Wives, and under Covenants to make some Provision for them, and their Children, died, before the same were completed, and by his Will devised all his Estate to the Petitioner Brewer, and others, to be sold, for Payment of his Lebts and Legacies; but some Disputes arising upon the Conveyances, and the Will (the Afortgagees being in Possession of the Estates) nothing could be raised thereout

Proceeding against Karl oi Halifax.

Occasional

Conformity.

Poor Relief.

Drake's

Estate.

Privilege.

Officer in Ordnance Department.

420

for the Testator s Wife and Children; whereupon all Parties are come to an Agreement, whereby the Relict, and Children, will be provided for, according to the said Will, if a speedy Sale be made of the Trust Estate; but the same cannot be done, by reason of an Infant Heir at Law: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for Sale of the Estate of the said Daniel Drake, for the Provision of his Widow and Children, according to his Will.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Palmer and Mr. Mountague do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Complaint being made to the House, of a Breach of Privilege, committed against William Palmes, Esquire, (a Member of this House) by Mr. Tho. Tomlinson, junior, Leonard Robinson, and JVm. Neu man, in distraining the Tenants of the said Mr. Palmes, at Malton, for a Fee-farm Rent, due to Mr. Tomlinson, senior, though the same was tendered with a Deduction of Taxes;

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Complaint be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter, and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Mr. William Bridges, from the Office of Ordpance, presented to the House (according to Order) An Account of the Salaries, and Allowances, to the Officers and Attendants of the Ordnance, for Land and Sea Service, according to the Establishment included in the Ordinary, with the Rent of Storehouses, Houses, &c.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

And the said Account is, as followeth; viz.

Master-General Lieutenant-general Surveyor-general -Clerk of the Ordnance Storekeeper -Clerk of the Deliveries -Treasurer and Paymaster Secretary to the Master General lst Clerk

150 Novembris.

A.

1704.

Storekeepers.

lieutenant-general. Surveyor-general.

Clerk of the Ordnance.

Storekeeper.

Clerk Deliveries.

Treasurer's Clerks.

2 Clerk

1 Clerk

2 Clerk

3 Clerk Clerk -

2 Clerk -

3 Clerk - 4 Clerk -

fi Clerk v2 Clerk (3 Clerk Ci Clerk £2 Clerk Clerk

2 Clerk

3 Clerk

Storekeeper of ">

1 the Armoury j 3 Armourers Small Arms Chatham -Upnor Tilbury Woolwich -Salt-petre -Sheernesse -Windsor -Portsmouth Portsmouth Gar-) rison

Plymouth -'Ditto Garrison -

This Article is supplied from the original Account.

Storekeeper.

£ S. d.

- L500 0 0

- 800 0 0

m 500 0 0

- 500 0 0

- 400 0 0

- 300 0 0

500 0 0

200 0 0

- 60 0 0

- 40 0 0

- 60 0 0

- 60 0 0

40 0 0

- 75 0 0

- 65 0 0

- 50 0 0

- 50 0 0

- 60 0 0

- 60 0 0

- 60 0 0

- 60 0 0

- 50 0 0

m 60 0 0

- 60 0 0

- 50 0 0

) 60 0 0

- 78 0 0

- 80 0 0

- 120 0 0

- 80 0 0

- 100 0 0

- 40 0 0

m 60 0 0

- 80 0 0

- 50 0 0

120 0 0

L 40 0 0

40 0 0

- 40 0 0

Hull f -St. James's Pendennis -Tinmouth -Chester Carlisle Guernsey -Jersey Kinsale Fireworks --

Chief Engineer -2d Engineer -

3d Engineer -

Engineer at New York -Another at Ditto -

16 Engineers -

6 Sub-engineers -

Master-gunner of England -4 Captains of Gunners, at 60 /. per Annu Four 1st Lieutenants, at 50 /. per Annum

3 Mates, at 45/. 10 s. per Annum -Five 2d Lieutenants, at 401, per Annum 9 Gentlemen of the Ordnance, at 401.

per Annum - -

8 Serjeant-gunners, at 20 per Annum 120 Gunners, at 18/. 5s. per Annum Yeomen of Tents and Toyls -Chief Bombardeer -

24 Bombardeers -

Chief Petardeer -

4 Petardeers -

Comptroller of Fireworks Chief Fire-master.

Mate to Ditto -

Two Fire-masters, at 60/. per Annum

17 Fireworkers -

Fire-master for Fire-ships Waggon-master -

TwoProof-masters,at 20/. each -Clerk of the Cheque -

Purveyors, {of Work" I I

Messenger - -

62 Labourers - -

Labourers.

12 at Woolwich 8 at Greenwich

3 at Gravesend

4 at

6 at Chatham.

8 at Portsmouth Astronomical Observator

Overseers at HuU '

Carpenter at Sheernesse

Keeper of Water Engines,

Clerk to the Master of the Ordnance Extraordinary Clerks -' Swords Small Arms > Tower 5 Gunsmiths )

Hampton Court St. James's Frobushers. / Plymouth Chester -Hull -Carlisle -Berwick -Windsor -

Barrack Master.

a (Widow of Colonel Brown Allowances to >Min(| Matross

Master of the Barge -

£ s. d.

40 0 0

50 0 0

20 0 0

40 0 0

20 0 0

40 0 0

30 0 0

80 0 0

80 0 0

60 0 0

40 0 0

80 0 0

300 0 0

250 0 0

150 0 0

365 0 0

182 10 0

,600 0 0

300 0 0

190 0 0

240 0 0

200 0 0

136 10 0

200 0 0

360 0

160 0 0

,190 0 0

20 0 0

54 15 0

876 0 0

54 15 0

146 0 0

200 0 0

150 0 0

80 0 0

120 0 0

680 0 0

60 0 0

100 0 0

40 0 0

60 0 0

40 0 0

60 0 0

60 0 0

,612 0 0

328 10 0

219 0 0

82 2 6

109 10 0

164 5 0

219 0 0

100 0 0

40 0 0

45 12 6

40 0 0

56 0 0

42 0 0

54 15 0

980

35 130 182 <40

30

20

36 36 10 20 50 40 60

100

15

8

0

0

o

10

o

o

o

10

10

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

a

o

Master

3 Ann

i 5° — 16° Novembris. 421

Delves'

Estate.

York Court of Conscience.

Master Gunner of Margate Cleaning Crafts at Portsmouth Carters, Carts, and Horses, for the Toxcer Auditors and Barons of Exchequer Fees The Queen's Remembrancer, Pipe Office,-) and Quietus . - - - -j

£. d. 20 o o 30. o o 153 9 6 255 6 8

4i 13 4

22,260 o 6

An Account of yearly Rents of Storehouses, and Houses.

£. s. d. 300 o o 100 0 o 40 0 o

25 o o

10 o o 40 o o 240 o 0

15 o o

40 o o 12 0 0 24 o o

20 0 0

1800

20 O O

80 0 0 6 0 0 145 o 0

1,135 0 0

Brought over - 22,260 4 6

Total - 23,395 4 6

JVm. Bridges, Ja. Lawther, Ja. Craggs.

Lieutenant-general, for his House, &c. -Clerk of the Ordnance, for his House -Clerk of Deliveries, for his House Storekeeper at Windsor -Storekeeper at Carlisle Storekeeper at Gravesend -Waggon-houses in Goodmans Fields Barge-house - -

Deputy Governor's House in the Tower -Frobusher's House at Portsmouth Labourers House at Chatham Ditto at Portsmouth -Treasurer's Clerk's House -Storekeeper at Greenwich -Storehouses at Plymouth -Master Gunner's House at Gillingham -Storehouses at Portsmouth -

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for a Court of Conscience in the City of York; and that Sir William Robinson and Mr. Jenkins do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of the Salaries, and Allowances, to the Officers and Attendants of the Ordnance, for Land and Sea Service, according to the Establishment included in the Ordinary, with the Rent of Storehouses, Houses, &c. be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House (according to Order) resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyei's reported from the said Committee, that they had agreed upon several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to . receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. ponyers also acquainted the House, that he was

directed by the said Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 16 die;

3 Annie Regina.

Praters.

A Petition of John Burrington, Andrew Quick, and Andrew Davy, Esquires, and John Vernier, Gentleman, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that Mark Delves, late of Cheriton Bishop, deceased, was seised in Fee of divers Lands and Premises in Devon, which were mortgaged for less than the Value thereof, and was otherwise indebted to several Persons for Money at Interest: That he left but One Son, an Infant of about Twelve Years old, and died intestate, so that there is no Person to act in the Payment of the said Debts, whereby the Infant's Estate will be greatly prejudiced, by the Increase of Interest, if the Debts should not be paid, until he comes at Age: That the Petitioner is Guardian in Soc-

cage to the said Infant: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, to enable the Petitioners to raise Money, for the Payment of the Debts of the said Mark Delves, Esquire, by Sale of some Part of his Estate, or by setting and leasing thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Northmore, Mr. Gape, and Mr. King, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the City of York was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that divers Acts of Parliament have passed, for erecting Courts of Conscience in several Places, for Recovery of small Debts under 40.V. which have been of great Advantage to those Places: That the City of York doth much abound with poor Tradesmen, who, for want of the like good Law, are daily arrested for inconsiderable Debts, to their utter Ruin: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for establishing a Court of Conscience in the said City.

Vo l. 14.

1

A PETITION of Edmund Waller, Esquire, was Wauet,t presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that E»tat«. in 1691, upon the Petitioner's Marriage with Theophila, his now Wile, he settled all his Estate, Part on himself, for Life, Remainder to his Wife, for her Jointure, Remainder to his first and other Sons in Tail Male, Remainder to himself, and his Heirs, and the other Part to himself, for Life, Remainder to his first and other Sons, Remainder to his right Heirs: That Part of the said Estate, not settled in Jointure, was mortgaged for 2,000l. and the Petitioner, being left otherwise much indebted by his late Father, and having never had any Issue by his said Wife, prays that Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to enable him to charge his Estate, not settled in Jointure, with a Sum of Money, not exceeding 3,000 /. for the Payment of his Debts.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that the Lord Cheine and Sir Tho. Littleton do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Aylesbury the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Writ. Electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Aylesbury, in the County of Bucks, in the room of James Herbert, Esquire, deceased.

Mr. Harley (according to Order) presented to the Earl of House, The Auditors of the Imprests Report of the Ranelagh's Sums disallowed in the Earl of s Account for Account -

Seven, Years, ended Lady-day, 1699, as not being regularly vouched, according to the strict Rules of the Exchequer.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

And the said Account is, as followeth; viz.

5 O To

n

Earl of

Ranelagh's

Accounts.

4 21 I 6° Novem. 1704.

To the Honourable the Commons of England in Parliament assembled.

IN Obedience to the Order of this honourable House, of the 7th Instant, the Auditors of Imprests do humbly lay before you the total Sums upon every Head in the Earl of Account for Seven Years, ended

day, 1699, which they have disallowed in the said Account, as not being regularly vouched, according to the strict Rules of the Exchequer.

Upon what Head disallowed.

Ray to General Officers

Pay to several Regiments -

Payments to Mr. Vander Esch, fori the Use of the Dutch, , > and Sax Gotha Troops - . - J

Payments to the Duke of

herg, or his Order, on Account of the Pay of the Danish Forces, over and above what was paid Mr. Vander Esch for them -

s -j

Payments to the Five French Regiments disbanded -

Payments to the Garrisons

Payments to the Forces in 1 mont, under the Command of the i Earl of Gallway - - J

Payments to the Ambassador ofl the States General, the Counts I Frize, and Mr. Vander Mere, for,) the Use of the Forces then lately I arrived from Piedmont - J

Payments to the foreign Princes, fori Subsidies; and to their Troops, } for Pay - - - - J

1 for Levy Money, fori several new Regiments, > suiting others - - J

Bread, Bread Waggons, and Forage

Sums disallowed.

jr. s. d.

18,818 14 0}

55,036

8

1,788,025 2 6}

408,488 2 o

1,630 15 6 5,136 2 4

3,013 8 11 38,832 14 o

797,168 19 2f

38,832 9 21

642,827 10 lj

Vouchers wanting, according to the strict Rules of the Exchequer.

For 14,762 For 1,655 For 2,314 For 86

1)

5

9

o

d.

1

o

Hi

o

Warrants only wanting. Acquittances wanting. [wanting, both Warrants and Acquittances

Over-castings.

For 44,813 16 1 of for Subsistence, for which no Warrants are produced, and for which no Accounts were stated by the Commissioners for the Army's Debt.

For 6,690/. 17 s.4 d.to Colonel Colt's Regiment, the Acquittances of the respective Parties not produced, as is directed by a Memorandum in the Queen's Warrant

For 3,5311. 7 s.6d. being so much over-computed in the Duke of Bolton's West India Regiment.

For this Sum the Accomptant has produced the said Vander Esch's Acquittances, or the Acquittance of Mr. Sohnius, his Deputy, as also the Establishments,

and Regulation of Subsistence, of these Troops; but no Warrants directing the Payment thereof; nor has Mr. Vander Esch rendered any Account for the said Sum, whereby it may appear, that the same has beeu _ paid to the said Troops.

(Acquittances are only produced for the Payment of this \ Sum, but no Warrants to authorize the same.

Warrants are produced for the Sum, demanded by the Accomptant; but this Sum is disallowed, because so much more than is allowed by the Establishment.

Being either un vouched for Want of Warrants and Acquittances, or Part of the Debentures before charged, and not issued out, no body having made their Claim thereto.

Vouched only by the Earl of s Bill of Exchange, and is so much more than the said Earl has accounted for in the Exchequer, as received of the Lord Ranelagh.

No Warrants for this Sum, only Bills of Exchange, drawn by the said Count and Mr. Vander Mere, and no Voucher for 26,737 /. 10$. 6 d. said to be paid to the Dutch Ambassador.

rWe do find Warrants, and proper Discharges, for the greatest Part of this Sum; but the same having been paid by the Accomptants Deputy, Mr. Hill, in Flanders, in foreign Money, and not having expressed in his Accounts, at what Rate these Sums were turned into Sterling Money, we have not allowed the same.

For some Part of this Sum there are Warrants, but no Acquittances; for other Part thereof there are Acquittances, but no W'arrants; and the Remainder, though vouched by Warrants, and Acquittances, yet, being in foreign Money, cannot be by us allowed, without further Authority, as is before mentioned.

Though the Accomptant has produced Warrants and Acquittances for a great Part of this Sum, yet he having charged himself with no Deductions, made for the said Bread and Forage, as the Establishments and Regulations of Forage do direct, alleging, that the Sum, here demanded, was paid over and above what the said Deductions amounted to; yet, till the Accounts of the said Deductions shall be produced, and examined, which he alleges are in the Custody of Mr, Hill, we conceive, we cannot allow him any Part of the said Sum.

Payments

3 Ann.

16° Novembris.

Upon what Head disallowed.

Payments of Pensions

Subsistence to the Four Companies'} of Invalids . - - j

Payments for the Use of the Train} of Artillery in Flanders - j

Payments to the Flanders Hospitals

Medicaments for the Army

Payments for Provisions and Trans-} portations of the Forces - )

Payments for contingent Expences} of the Army -

Payments to Mr. Van Sckuijlenberg,} for Money by him advanced or S disbursed for the Forces - )

Payments for Loss by Exchange in} England. - - j

Loss by the Accomptant upon the} Exchange of his Remittances to /'Zff«<feri',occasioned(ashe alleges) by his having issued, at several / times, more Florins to a Pound Sterling, than he received, either by Remittances, or Draughts

Payments for discounting Tallies,} Bank Notes, and for I nterest and -Charges on protested Bills, &c.J

Discount of Bills of Exchange, Interest and Charges on protested Bills in Flanders

Half-pay to the Officers of the se-> veral disbanded Regiments > j

In all

VOL.14.

4 5

Sums disallowed.

j£

11,239 16

d.

24,299 13 4

10,946 13 4

128,026 10 4f

Vouchers wanting, according to the Strict Rules of the Exchequer.

2,928 3 o

43,087 o 1

127,324 6 7

89,495 11 4i

8,108 16 2

133,235 2 5

'Certificates wanting, that they were qualified for their Earl of Pensions, as the Establishment directs, by Certificate Ranelagh's of the Colonel, Captain, and Surgeon of the Regi- Accounts, ment, in which they served.

Though 'tis for their Subsistence, and short of their established Pay, yet there are no Warrants for Payment, nor the Authorities produced, by which the Agents of the said Invalids did receive the said Subsistence.

Part of this Sum was paid in foreign Money, viz 1,666/. 13 s. 4 d.and the Remainder is without Voucher; besides, the Warrants, directing Payment of the said 1,666/. 13 s. 4 takes notice, that the same was to be repaid Mr. Hill, in Flanders; and it appears not to us, but that the same was so repaid.

The Accomptant has produced Warrants for Payment of Part of this Sum, which was most of it paid in foreign Money; to which we have not only the fore going Objection, as to the Rates, at which it is to be allowed in Sterling Money, bot do also want the Establishment of die Hospitals, and the Contracts for Provisions, in order to examine, whether the Sums, brought to Account, are allowable by the Establishment.

The Warrant for this Sum directs it to be paid pursuant to Contract, and Bills signed by Sir Millington, Doctor Hutton, and others; but neither the Contracts nor Bills, so signed, are produced to us.

For 14,430/. 19«. io</. of this Sum the Commissioners of Transports, Mr. Fielding, Mr.

Mr. Van Odijck, and others, are accountable, and when allowed, must be made an Insuper upon them; but is disallowed for want of Warrants.

The Vouchers for the remaining 28,656/. 3

are defective, as well for want of Warrants, as because the same is paid in foreign Money, which we cannot allow at the Rates at which it is demanded in Sterling Money, without further Authority, as is C afore mentioned.

/'Beingeither Payments, made in foreign Money, or such;

} as are brought to Account, without Warrants, and y Acquittances, to vouch the same, or not appearing to C be paid for the Use of the Army.

These Payments are made in Hollands Money, and the ' Sums demanded for the same in Sterling Money, cannot be allowed by us, without further' Authority;

Besides, some of the Warrants are in general Words, for Sums advanced, lent, or disbursed, for his Majesty's Service, and for Interest of Money lent; but the Nature of the Disbursements are not expressed ip many Cases.

f Whereof 4,087 /. 17 s. 10 d.appears not by any Acquit-| tance, to be paid; and 4,020/. 18 4 is without

( Warrant or Acquittance.

/'Though die Accomptant has produced the late King's general Warrant of the 1 st of May, 1694, that he shall be allowed such Sums, as shall be occasioned by this Loss; yet he has not produced any Account how it amounts to this Sum, save an Account for 43,156/. is. id. made by his Deputy, Mr. Hill, in Flanders, attested under the Hand of the said Mr. Hill; which, we conceive, is not a sufficient Audiority to allow the same.

28,232 18 6l 21,182 3 6i

37,012 19 3

4,462,929 14.1

No Voucher is produced for this Sum.

No Vouchers produced for this Sum.

For this Sum the Accomptant ought to produce the Establishments of Half-pay, and the Authorities, by which the Persons Act, who give Discharges for the same; which is not yet done.

The

424 16° Novembris. A. 17 04V

The State of/ this Account (excluding the foregoing Sums out of tite Accompant's Discharge) appears to us ' to stand thus; viz.

£ s.

Charge 14,071,365 5 9J

Discharge 9,907,821 1 3i

Debt due from the Accomptant 4,763 544 4 5f

Pyle's

Estate.

But of this State of the Account we cannot be exact, till we shall have re-examined the said Account with the Engrossments thereof.

Memorandum: That in the above Charge is included the Sums following; viz. 92,571 /. 13#. brought from the Foot of the Accomptants last Account, depending on several Persons; 148,201 /. 12s. received at the Exchequer between the 25th of March, 1699, and the 31st of that Month,- being contained in the Imprest Roll; 864,690/. 6#. 5</. the Value of Debentures to be issued for clearing the Army; and 1,522/. 12 s. 11 as received by the Accomptant of Colonel Cuningham.

All which is humbly submitted to this honourable House.

16 November, 1704.

B. Bridg.

E. Harley.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of Thomas Pyle, of in the County of Wilts, Esquire, Thomas Freke, of in the County aforesaid, Esquire, and Eliz. his Wife, and George Pitt, of Stratfeildsea, in the County of ton, Esquire, Guardian of George and Lucy Pitt, Infants, Children of the said George Pitt, by Lucy his late Wife, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that Tho. Freke, late of Iwerne Courtney, Esquire, deceased, by

Deed, dated the 18 Jan. 24 2 conveyed the

Manors and Lands, therein mentioned, to Trustees, to raise Moneys for Payment of his Debts and Legacies; and by another Deed of 22d June, 1698, conveyed the said Manors and Lands, upon the like Trusts, and, in case of Failure of Issue Male, settled one Moiety of those Premises on the Petitioner Pile, for Life, Remainder to the Petitioner Eliz.for 99 Years, if she lived so long, Remainder to her Sons, in Tail Male, Remainder to Geo. Pit, the Petitioner's Son, for Life, Remainder to his Sons in Tail Male, and the other Moiety upon the said Eliz. for Life, Remainder to Tho. Pyle, for Life, Remainder to Geo. Pit, the Son, Remainder to his Sons in Tale Male, with other Remainders over: That Thomas Freke died without Issue, and there being no Power given by the said Settlements, for leasing of the said Premises, nor for the said Geo. Pit, the Son, to make a Jointure to any Wife he shall happen to marry, it will be very inconvenient to the Petitioner Pitt's Family, and also to the present Possessors of the Premises, as well as those in Remainder, and all the Tenants by Lease for Lives, for want of such Power; and that all Parties interested therein are consenting the reto: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, to enable the Petitioners Tho. Pyle and Eliz. Freke, to make Leases for Lives, of the said Premises, as also the Petitioner Geo. Pitt's Son so to do, when entitled, and in actual Possession of the Premises; and that he may be enabled to make a Jointure upon any Woman he shall marry, out of the same.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Bromley and Mr. Conyers do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Proceedings against Parkhurst and PuschalL

Against

Earl of tiaUfak.

The House being informed, that the Queen's Remembrancer attended, he was called in, and, at the Bar,(according to Order) presented to the House his Certificate, relating to Mr. Parkhurst and Mr. Paschall; and also,

A Copy of the Record of the Information against the Lord Halifax, and of the Plea thereunto, and of the Proceedings thereupon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles thereof were read.

Ordered, That the said Certificate and Copy, be taken into Consideration upon Saturday Morning next.

Mr. Solicitor-general (according to Order) presented Prosecution to the House, The Certificate of Mr. Attorney-general, pursuant to the Order of the 14th Instant, relating to the Halifax. Prosecution against the Lord Halifax. '

Ordered, That the said Certificate be taken into Consideration upon Saturday Morning next

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, who were to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolu-tions, which they had directed him to report to the House: which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are, as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of the Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Twenty thousand Pounds, be granted to her Majesty, for the Land Service to be performed by the Office of Ordnance for the Year 1705.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty thousand Pounds, be granted to her Majesty, towards defraying the Charge of transporting Land Forces.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Pounds, be granted to her Majesty, for the Charge of circulating Exchequer Bills for another Year.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of tins Committee,

That Five thousand additional Forces be raised, to enable her Majesty to supply the like Number of Men, to act in Conjunction with the Forces of her Majesty's Allies, to serve with the Fleet. x

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of thil Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Eleven thousand Eight hundred Forty-four Pounds, & granted to her Majesty, for Levy-money for the said 5,000 men.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Eighty-seven thousand One hundred Twenty-five Pounds Ten Shillings, be granted to her Majesty, for maintaining the said 5,000 Men for One Year.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, Quotas of how her Majesty's several Allies have furnished their Allies. Quotas the last Summer, both for Ships and Land Forces.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that she will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the said Account be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House, as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

The Order of the Day being read, for the calling over Call of the the Names of the Defaulters, for whom the House did not House, admit of an Excuse, upon the Call of the House upon Thursday last; and for such, as shall not attend, to be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms.

Ordered, That the Call of the said Defaulters be ad journed until this Day Sevennight.

Colonel Churchill (according to Order) presented to the House,

An Account of what Number of Men were employed in the Sea Service, in each Mouth of the Year, 1703, and to the 1st of November, 1704; and also,

An Annual Account of the Number and Rates of the Ships employed in her Majesty's Service, and the Time when, in the Year 1703, and to the 1st of November,

1704.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

And

Men employ ed its Sea Service.

Poor Relief,

3 Ann 1<S6 — if 425

And the said Accounts are, as follow viz.

The said ACCOUNT of what Number of Men were employed in the Sea Service, in each Month of the Year,

1703, and to the 1st of November 1704.

Year. Month. Complement of Men. Number of Men borne.

r January - 50,982 35,006

February - 52,744 35,985

March 51,814 38,726

April - - 53,785 41,843

May - - 54,030 42,185

June - - 48,114 44,067

I/O3. July - - 52,639 43,361

August 54,884 43,481

September 51,397 44,459

October - 52,131 44,083

' November 51,326 44,140

G December 47,422 36,622

Year. Month. Complement of Men. Number of Men borne.

January - 37,895 37,607

February - 46,740 37,554

March 46,745 39,808

April - - 47,495 39,926

1 W Ail 1 May - - 46,905 40,876

1704. June - - 46,285 41,613

July - - 45,661 41,378

August 45,661 40,79

September 44,854 38,187

October - 44,424 38,079

Geo. Churchill, J. Brydges, H. Pagett.

Admiralty Office, 7 The said annual ACCOUNT of the Number and Rates of the Ships, employed in her Ma-fe November, 1704.3 jesty's Service, and the Time when, in the Year 1703, and to the 1st Day of November, 1704,

Year. Month. RATE. Fire-ships. Bombs. Brigantines. Advice- boats. Sloops. Siore-ships. 1 Yachts. Hospital- ships. CO < 3

t 1 2 3 4 5 6

January - 5 8 41 60 29 16 13 9 4 2 8 3 1 1 6 1

February - 5 8 41 60 29 16 13 9 4 2 .8 3 1 1 6 1

March 5 7 41 60 29 16 13 9 4 2 8 3 11 6 1

April - - 5 7 42 62 32 16 13 9 6 2 7 3 10 6 1

May - - 5 7 42 64 32 16 13 9 6 2 7 3 10 6 1

1 70 I June - - 2 5 37 65 32 16 13 9 6 2 5 3 9 6 1

l/Uj. s July - - 2 5 37 62 32 17 3 9 6 2 5 , 3 10 6 \

August 2 5 44 64 34 17 12 9 6 2 5 3 10 6 1

September 2 5 44 64 32 17 1 1 6 6 2 5 3 10 6 1

October - 2 5 44 65 34 16 1 I 6 6 2 5 3 10 6 2

November - 5 45 63 34 16 1 1 6 6 2 5 3 10 4 2

December - 5 40 60 32 16 12 6 5 2 5 2 10 1 3

/ January - - 5 40 59 32 16 10 6 5 1 5 2 10 2 2

February - 1 4 40 57 33 16 10 2 5 1 5 2 10 2 2

March - 5 40 57 34 16 10 2 5 1 5 2 10 0 2

April - - - 5 39 60 34 16 10 2 5 1 5 1 10 2 2

1 "nd \ May - - - 5 38 59 36 17 10 2 5 1 5 1 10 3 2

1 / U4. June - -» - 5 37 59 36 17 10 2 5 1 5 1 10 2 0

July - - - 5 34 63 34 19 10 2 5 1 4 1 10 2 2

August - 5 34 63 34 19 10 2 5 1 4 ( 10 0 w 2

September - 5 33 58 35 19 9 2 5 1 4 1 10 2 2

October - - 5 33 59 35 20 9 2 5 1 5 1 10 2 2

G. Churchill,

J. Brydges,

H. Pagett.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for the better Relief, Employment, and Settlement of the Poor.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Humphry Maclcworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Huntphiy Mackicorth reported from the said Committee, that they had made some Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Vat. 14.

Veneris, 17 die

30 Anno

Praters.

MR. Bromley (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, to enable Thomas Pyle, Esquire, and Elizabeth Freke, to make Leases, for Lives, of the Estate, late of Thomas Freke, late of Jxoern Courtney, Esquire, deceased, as also the Sop of Georg Pitt, Esquire, so to do, when entitled, and in actual Possession of the Premises, and that he may be enabled to make a Jointure upon any Woman he shall marry, out of the same; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Nicholas Mannooch, Esquire, Mayor, and of Michael Cadman, Robert Meadow, and Alan Ollive, Jurats, of the Port of Rye, in Sussex, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Merits of the Election of Barons, to serve in this Parliament for the said Port, being heard before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Votes of Morgan (Varner, and 12 others, wl;o voted for Mr. Fagg and Mr. Offley, were disallowed 5 P by

Pyle's Estate

Privileged-Actions at Law respecting Flections.

Hye Case.

426 i70 — 18 0 N 1704

by the Committee, as not duly qualified by Law to be Freemen of the said Port; and the said Committee resolved thereupon, that Mr. i'agg and Mr. Southwell were duly elected; to which the House agreed; notwithstanding which, the said Morgan Warner hath brought his Mandamus in the Queen's bench against the Petitioners, requiring them to admit him to the Place of a Freeman of Rye; and the Petitioners having returned, that he was not duly elected a Freeman, pursuant to the Determination of the House, Warner hath brought his Action against the Petitioners for a false Return, and given Notice of'Fryal before the Lord Chief Justice thereby to bring in

question the Proceedings of the House touching the said Flection: And praying, that the House will give such Directions for the Petitioners Indemnity against the said Action, as shall be thought meet

Supply. The Order of the Day. being read, for the House to

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty;

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, Thatthe Report be madeTo-morrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 18 Novembris;

3 Ann® Regina.

Prayers.

Lockhart' IV/T Comyns(according to Order) presented to the Estate. JLvJL House a Bill, to enable James Esquire,

and Dorothy his Wife, to sell certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Essex, late of Sir Thomas Luclcin, Baronet, deceased, for Payment of their Debts, and to purchase other Lands and Tenements with the Overplus of the Money, to be settled to the like Uses; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Gresham A Petition of the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens, College. of the City of London, the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of the Mercers of the said City of London, and the Lecturers of Gresham College in the said City, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that Sir Tho. Gresham, by his Will, 4 Jan. 7 Elis, gave the then Royal Exchange, and Gresham College, to the said City and Company, they paying to Seven Lecturers, Eight Alms-people, and other Charities, 603/. per Ann.

to maintain those Uses, and to permit the Lecturers, and Alms-people, to live in the College; That in 1666 the Exchange was burnt down, and rebuilt at the sole Charge of the said City and Company, who are Losers thereby above 1,000l. per Ann. each, and yet they have paid the said Charities until a Year and Half since; but by the Loss of Rent, and Abatements at the Exchange, and the Ancientness of the College, which has and will cost a great deal of Money in Repairs, the Petitioners are not any longer capable to support the Charities of so worthy a Citizen, without some Improvement be made of the said College, and the waste Ground thereof, byrebuilding (after very good Convcniencies for the Seven Lecturers there, and for the Alms-people elsewhere) to which the said City, Company, and Lecturers, are consenting: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, to impower the said City and Company to pull down the said College, and to make such Building, as is agreed upon, which will be more convenient, and to make the best Improvement they can of the remaining Ground, for the Benefit of the said Corporations, and their Successors, the better to enable them to maintain the Uses appointed by the said Sir Thomas Gresham's Will.

13

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir Francis Child and Sir Gilbert Hcalhcot do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, who were to considor further of the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is, as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That another Year's Interest, after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum, be provided, for Payment of the unsatisfied Debentures, charged upon the Irish Forfeitures.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the said Committee, in the said Resolution, That another Year's Interest, after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum, be provided, for Payment of the unsatisfied Debentures, charged upon the Irish Forfeitures.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning Way and next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Aleans to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, import and of all Bullion, or Coin, imported, or exported, into, or Export of out of this Kingdom, for Three Years, ending at Michael- Bulllon mas last.

Ordered, That the said Account be laid before this House by the Commissioners of the Customs.

The Orders of the Day being read, for taking into Proceedings Consideration the Return and Certificate of Mr. Attorney- against Earl general, relating to the Prosecution against the Lord Mali- of Halifax. Jax, and the Copy of the Information against him, and Proceedings thereupon, and the Paper delivered in by Air. Barrett;

The Copy of the Information, and Proceedings thereupon, was read, and also the Certificate of Mr. Attorney-general, and are, as followeth; vi

The Copy of the Information, and Proceedings thereupon.

[«] Per Trinitas record' anno secundo Reginas Annas,

R«

A fin I MEMORANDUM, qudd Edwardus

1 eS J‘_)Northey, Miles, Attornatus Dominas Regime nunc generalis, qui pro eadem Domina Regina sequitur, prassens hie in Curia vicesimo octavo die Maii (hoc Termino) in proprio persona sua, pro eadem Domina Regina dat Cur'hicintelligiet informari, qudd per quen-dam actum, factum ad sessionem Parliamenti, tentam apud Westmonasteriuni, in comitatu Middlesex, per proroga-tionem, vicesimo die Octobris, anno Domini millesimo sexcentesimo nonagesimo sexto (intitulatum, An Act for the better Observation of the Course, antiently used in the Receipt of Exchequer) inter alia, inactiatumfuit, quod Auditor receptfts Scaccarii, pro tempore existens, de tempore in tempus (pro suis justis et legalibus feodis) debith intraret, vel irrotularet, omnes literas patentes, et literas privati sigilli, pro emanand' thesauri Regis; et qudd tra-heret ordines, aut faceret debentures, pro etnanatione inde, prout ipse de tempore in tempus foret requisites per Com-rnissionarios Thesaurarii (Anglicfc, Commissioners of the Treasury) vel per Thesaurarium Scaccarii, pro tempore existen', et custodiret intrationes eorundem in libris fore provisis, et bene scriptis (Anglic , fairly written) pro eo proposito; et septimanatim caperet computa N umeratorum (Anglicfc, Tellers) receptfis Scaccarii, et certificaliones fa-ceret dictis Commissionariis Thesaurarii, vel Thesaurario, pro tempore existen', de omnibus receptibus, cxitibus, et reliquis (Anglicfc, Remains) pecuniae Regis ibidem; et

[a] This Information, and Proceedings thereupon, are printed from the Copy presented to the House, the Transcript thereof in the Journal # being very imperfect and erroneous,

faceret

1

18° Novembris,

.3 Ann.

427

faceret (Anglice, make out) impressas certificationes(An-glich, imprest Certificates) de tempore in tempus, omnium, pecuniarum (Anglich, of ail Moneys) ibidem emanatarum super computum, vel per viam impress'(Anglich, Imprest) et transmitter ordinarios rotulos impressos (Anglich, the ordinary imprest Rolls) semiannuatirn ad Rememora-torem Regis,(Anglich, the King's Remembrancer) in or-dine, ad onerandos, vel prosequendos, Computatores; et semiannuatirn, videlicet, ad festum Paschas (Anglice, Easter) et festum Sancti Michael is Archangeli (AngHcb, Michaelmas) faceret (Anglich, make out) et transmitteret praedictis Commissionariis Thesaurarii, aut Thesaurario, pro tempore existen', declarationes receptuum, exituum, et reliquiarum (Anglich, Remains) apud Scaccarium, pro quolibet dimidio anni successive; omnes qu® materi® et res, et omnes alias materiae et res, spectantes ad officium vel debitum dicti Auditoris receptbs, fideliter et diligenter (Anglich, carefully) factae et pCrformatae forent per Auditorem receptus, pro tempore existentem, in tali modo, prout-ab antiquo consuetumfuit; quddque Auditor receptbs per se, vel per ejus capitalem clericum, ab et post vicesimum diem Aprilis, anno Domini millesimo sexcentesimo nonagesimo septimo, ad minus semel in quibuslibel viginti et octo quibus, convocaret proprios officiarios (Anglich, the proper Officers) dicti receptbs, et inspiceret pecuniam (Anglich, Cash) cujuslibet Numera-toris, et numerando bagas, aperien' (Anglic , opening) eas, aut carum aliquas, promiscub, et, si ipse putaret necessarian], ponderando, aut numerando, pecuniam, aut aliquam partem, inde videret, quod respectivi Numeratores in reali pecunia habent reliquias (Anglich, the Remains) cum quibus ipse onerat eos; et quod ipse tam frequenter, qubm ipse putaret conveniens, sed ad minus semel in quibuslibet tribus mensibus, diligenter examiuaret exone-rationes (Anglich, Vouchers) Numeratorum, pro solu-tionibus, quas ipse eis allocat in ejus septimanariis cer-tificationibus; prout per actum praedictum, inter alia, pleniit3 liquet et apparet. Et idem Attornatus diet® Domin® Regin® nunc generalis pro eadem Domina Regina dat Cur' hie Ulterius intelligi et informari, quod post editionem dicti actus, scilicet, vicesimo quarto die Eebruarii, anno Domini millesimo sexcentesimo nonagesimo nono, Carolus Montague, Armiger, modb prachonarabilis Carolus Dominus Hallifax, suit, et adliuc existit, Auditor receptbs Scaccarii, scilicet, apud West-monasterium praedictum, in comitatu Middlesex praedicto; qubque inter vicesimum tertium diem Februarii, anno Domini millesimo sexcentesimo nonagesimo nono, exclusive, et vicesimum tertium diem Februarii, anno Domini millesimo septingentesimo, inclusive, et inter praedictum vicesimum tertium diem Februarii, anno Domini millesimo septingentesimo, exclusive, et vicesimum tertium diem Februarii, anno Domini millesimo septingentesimo primo, inclusive, diversae magnae denariorum sumime dicti nuper Regis emanatae fuerunt ad receptum Scaccarii praedicti, apud Westmonasterium praedictum, super computum, et per viam impress' (Anglice, Imprest) diversis personis prmfato Attornato diet® Dominae Reginae nunc generali adhuc incognitis; et quod inter praedictum vicesimum tertium diem Februarii, anno Domini millesimo septingentesimo primo, exclusive, et vicesimum tertium diem Februarii, anno Domini millesimo septingentesimo secun-do, inclusive, diversae magnae pecuniarum sumraae dicti nuper Regis, et Dominae Anne, nunc Reginae Angli®, &c. emanatae fuerunt ad receptum dicti Scaccarii, apud 'Westmonasterium praedictum, [a] computum, et per viam impress' diversis personis praefato Attornato dictae Dominae Reginae nunc generali adhuc incognitis; quddque prsedictus Carolus Dominus Hallifax, Auditor receptus Scaccarii in praedictis tribus annis stipends ultimb mentionatis, septimanatim cepit computa Numeratorum dicti receptbs de Scaccario praedicto, et fecit certificationes Commissionariis Thesaurarii dicti nuper Domini Regis, tempore vitae suae, necnon Commissionariis Thesaurarii, et Thesaurario Scaccarrii dictae Dominae Reginae nunc, pro tempore existentibus, respective, de omnibus recep-tibus, exitibus, et reliquiis, pecuni® died nuper Regis, et [a] The Word " euper it here wauling in the Original.

Vol. 14.

pecuni® diet® Domin® Regin® nunc, in receptu Scaccarii Proceeding prffidicti, secundbm directiones aetbs praedicti, et in pr®- «gain»t Earl dictis respectivis certificationibus allocavit Numeratoribus ° Halifax, praedictis diversas solutiones; quddque pr®dictus Carolus Dominus Hallifax, debitum officii Auditoris rcceptbs Scaccarii, et directiones et mandata dicti aetbs, negligens, et fiduciam in eo repositam minirnb curans, impressas certificationes de tempore in tempus, secundbm formam statuti in hujusmodo casu editi et provisi, de omnibus pecuni® summis in pr®dictis tribus annis emanatis ad receptum Scaccarii praedicti super computum, et per viam impress', non fecit (Anglich, make out) nec ordinarios impressos rotulos pro pr®dictis tribus annis Rememora-toii dicti nuper Regis, et diet® Domin® Regin® nunc, in dicto actu mentionato, semiannatim, secundum formatn statuti in hujusmodi casu editi et provisi, non transmisit, sed ilia facere totaliter neglexit, et voluntary omisit; per quod oneratio et prosecutio diversorum Computatoruin, quibus divers® denariorum summ® super computum, vel per viam impress', ad receptum Scaccarii praedicti, ut prffifertur, emanat® fuerant, obstruct® et retardat® fuerunt; quddque pr®dictus Carolus Dominus Hallifax semel in quibuslibet tribus mensibus in pr®dictis tribus annis non examinabat exonerationes (Anglich, the Vouchers) dictorum N umeratorum, pro solutionibus, quas ipse idem Carolus Dominus Hallifax allocavit eis in pr®dictis ipsius septimanariis certificationibus, sed ita facere voluntary omisit, et neglexit, contra debitum officii sui prffidicti Auditoris receptbs Scaccarii, et in violatione fiduci® in eodem Carolo Domino Hallifax, ut Auditore receptbs Scaccarii pr®dicti, reposit®, in magnum pr®judicium et dampnum died nuper Regis, et diet® Domin® Regin® nunc, in reventionibus suis, contra formam statuti in hujusmodi casu editi et provisi, ac contra pacem dicti nuper Regis, et diet® Domin® Regie® nunc, coronam et dignitatem suas: Unde pr®dictus Attornatus diet® Domin®

Regin® generalis pro eadem Domina Regina pedt advisa-mentum Curi® in pr®missis, ac debitum legis processum versbs praefatiim Carolum Dominum Hallifax in hac parte fieri, ad respondendum diet® Domin® Regin® de et in pnemissis. Super quo concordatum est, quod breve diet® Domin® Regin® sub sigillo huj us Scaccarii emanaret,

Vicecomid died comitatbs Middlesex dirigendum, ad. venire faciendum hie pr®faturn Carolum Dominum Hallifax, ad respondendum in pr®missis; et pr® cep turn est Vicecomid died comitatbs Middlesex, in forma prcedicta, ita,

&c. a die Sancti Michaelis in atres seplimanas: Ad quern diem non retornavit hie breve pr®dictum, nec pr®fatus Carolus Dominus Hallifax venit; ideo pr®ceptum est Vicecomid, ut prius, ita, &c. in octabis Sancti Hillarii:

Ad quern diem Vicecomes non retornavit hlc breve pr®-dictum; sed preedictus Carolus Dominus Hallifax ad eundem diem venit hlc per Franciscum Butler, Attorna-tum suum, et petit audilum informations pr®dict®; et ei legitur: Qu;\ lectb, audith, et per ipsum intellect;!, queritur, se colore pr®missorum, graviter vexatum fore, et inquieta-tum; et hoc minus justb, quia protestando, qubd infor-matio pr®dicta, ac materi® in eadem content®, minus sufficientes in lege existunt, ad qu® ipse necesse non habet, nec per legem terr® tenetur, respondere; pro placito tamen idem Carolus Dominus Hallifax dicit, quod ipse de aliquo, in informatione pr®dicta specificato, non est inde culpabilis, modo et formb, prout per informationein pr® die tam versus ipsum superibs supponitur; et de hoc ponit se super patriam; et preedictus Attornatus diet®

Domin® Regin® generalis, pr®sens hie in Curia ad eundem diem in propria persona, pro eadem Domina Regina petit similiter, qubd inquiratur per patriam. Ideo fiat inde inquisitio; et pr®ceptum est Vicecomiti dicti comitatbs Middlesex, qubd non omittat, &c. et venire faciat hlc a die Pasch® in quindecim dies, anno tertio regni diet®

Domin® Regin®, quodecim liberos et legales homines de balliva sua, de vicentio de Westmonasterio, in dicto comitatu Middlesex, quorum quilibet, &c. per quos, Ac. et qui non, &c. ad recognoscendum in pr®missis; et idem dies datus est hie pr®fato Carolo Domino Hallifax: Ad quern diem pr®fatus Carolus Dominus Hallifax venit hlc, ut prius; et Vicecomes non retornavit hlc breve '

prtedietum

Adjourn-

luent.

428 180 — 20° Novembris A. 1704.

predictum, nec juratores venerunt: Ideo preceptum est Vicecomiti, ut prius, ita, &c. vicesimo septirao die Maii; et idem dies datus est hlc prefato Carolo Domino Hallifax venire hie, ut prius: Et Vicecomes, videlicet, Gil-bertus Meathpote, Miles, et Josephus Woolfe, Armiger, retornavit hie breve praedictum, una cum panello de nominibus juratorum, eidem brevi consuto, quae sunt in ligula brevium executorum pro dicta Domina Regina, de Termino Paschae, anno regni sui tertio, ex parte hujus Rememoratoris in Middlesex; et juratores non venerunt: Ideo praeceptum est Vicecomiti, qu<kl ipsos juratores distringat per terras, &c. ita, &c. vicesimo tertio die Junii, Termino sancl® Trinitatis, dicto anno tertio ejusdem Do min® Regia®; et idem dies datus est hie prtetato Carolo Domino Hallifax: Ad quern diem prafatus Carolus Do-minus Hallifax venit hie, ut prius; et Vicecomes, videlicet, prefati Gilbertus Heathcote, Miles, et Josephus Woolfe, Armiger, retornavit hie breve praedictum, et mandatum, quod juratOFes pradicti districti sunt per terras, &c. unde exitus, &c. prout patet in panello, eidem brevi [a] consuto, qua; sunt in ligula brevium executorum pro dicta Domina Regina, de dicto Termino sanctae Trinitatis, anno regni sui tertio, ex parte hujus Rememoratoris in Middlesex; et juratores exacti ad eundem diem venerunt, prout patet in panrjlo praedicto: Super quo factA publicd proclama-tione pro dicta Domina Regina, prout moris est, quod si quis Curiam hlc, Servien diet® Dominae Reginas ad legem, aut Attornatum ejusdem Domina; Reginae gene-ralem, aut juratores pracdictos, in premissis informare, aut eosdem juratores calumpniare, vellet, veniret,etaudiretur; et super hoc Thomas Powis, Miles, Scrviens dictas Dominie Reginae ad legem, pro dicta Domina Regina ad hoc faciendum se obtulit: Super quo processum est ad captionem inquisitionis predict® per juratores praedictos, mod6 hie comparentes; qui ad veritatem de et in pre-missis decendam electi, triad, et jurati fuerunt: Et postea predictus Edwardus Northey, Miles, Attornatus diet® Domin® Regiu® generalis, pr®sens hie in curia ad eundem diem in propria persona, ex certis causis, ipsum prefatum Attornatum generalem ad hoc specialiter mo-ventibus, dicit, qudd ipse pro eadem Domina Regina versus prefatum Carolum Dominum Hallifax super in-formationem pradictaiu ulterius prosequi non vult; et super hoc juratores predicti de aliquo veredicto in pre-missis reddendo per Curiam hlc exonerantur: Super quo consideratum est per Barones hlc, qudd prafatus Carolus Dominus Hallifax est inde ad presens sine die, salvo semper jure diet® Domin® Regin®, si, &c.

Ex. R. Barker, D. R. Regin®.

The said Certificate of Mr. Attorney-general.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

IN Obedience to the Order of this honourable House, made the 14th Day of this Instant November, I do humbly certify, that the Exception taken by the Defendant's Counsel to the Manner of charging the Right Ho-hourable the Lord Halifax, in the Information exhibited against him, with not transmitting the Imprest Rolls to the Remembrancer of the Exchequer, which was allowed by the Court of Exchequer, was, that the Words, as laid in the Information, were in the Affirmative, That he did transmit them, and not in the Negative, That he did not transmit them.

November 16, 1704. Edw. Northey.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do adjourn till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas 'Lord Wm'

1 cllers for ttie 1 eas, Mr Moncton:

Tellers for the Noes, f wr

' £Mr.:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

154-

111.

And the House adjourned accordingly.

[«J " Vic." Orig.

Lunce, 20 die Nov.. 3° Ann® Regina.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Sir Michael Biddulpk, Baronet, was Riddulph's presented to the House, and read; setting forth, 1)61,1 to that the Petitioner, in the late Reign, became one of the Crown Sureties for Morgan Whitley, a Receiver-general for the Counties of Chester and North Wales, who failing to make up his Accounts, the Petitioner's personal Estate was seized, and sold, to answer the said Debt, and his real Estate is extended, and himself imprisoned, which has very much impaired his Health, who is only Tenant for Lite, and, should he die, the Queen will lose the Benefit of his Part) yet if the Lord Treasurer were enabled to compound with the Petitioner, his Son's Wife's Fortune would enable him to pay the Composition, if he and his Son could join, to settle a Jointure on his Wife, who are lately married: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, to enable the Lord High Treasurer to compound with the Petitioner, as his Lordship shall think reasonable.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter of Fact, and report the same to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Pagctt, Sir John,

Lord Wm. Powlett, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Dyot, Sir bert Eden, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Polgrave, Mr. Vernon, Mr,

Ogle, Sir Robert Davers, Earl of Dyscrt, Mr. Cage, Sir John Molesworth, Mr. Smith, Mr. , Sir Edm. Ba-

con, Mr. Norton, Mr. Brewer, Sir Walt. Yong, Sir John Kay, Sir Edw. Hussey, Mr. Naylor, Mr. Gerey, Mr. Walpole, Mr, Stanhope, Mr. Blofeld, Mr. Jervoise, Mr. Pitt; and all that serve for the Counties of Stafford and War-' wick: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Regard, and Sir Richard. Hoi ford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Viscount for naturalizing Thomas Lecinston, Viscount Teviott in Ttviott the Kingdom of Scotland, without Amendment: a

And also to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Cressett' Louise Marie Cressett, the Wife of James Nat.

Esquire, without Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of John Drake, John and Edward Drake's, &<.

Cock, was presented to the House, and read; setting r>ebt to the forth, that the Petitioners were bound as Sureties with and Crown for Augustine Briggs, Receiver-general of Taxes in the County of Norfolk, who being greatly in Arrear for Money by him received, his Estate, and also the Petitioners, have been sold, to pay the said Debt, which falls short, and the Petitioners are not able to pay the Whole; yet their Friends and Relations are willing to raise what Money they are able, towards satisfying the same: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill, to impower the Lord High Treasurer to make such Composition with the Petitioners for the said Debt, as he shall think reasonable.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee, for them to examine the Matter of Fact; and that they do report the same to the House.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Sir Michael Biddulph, Baronet, is referred.

Mr. Serjeant Hooper (according to Order) presented to GooUF the House a Bill, for confirming an Agreement between EtUte» the Executors of the last Will and Testament of Moses Gould, late of Downes, in the County of Devon, Esquire, deceased, and Susanna Gould, his Relict (now Wife of W,m. Courtney, Esquire) and for Payment of the Debts, and Maintenance of the younger Children, of the said Moses Gould, and for settling other Part of his Estate; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved,

Poor Relief.

Way and Meant.

Answer to Address.

Parliamentary Grants.

Button-

waking.

3 Ann.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for the better Relief, Employment, and Settlement, of the Poor.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had agreed upon several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow ‘Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, that the Committee had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of [Ways and Means for raising ]'the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Secretary Hedges acquainted the House, that their Address having been presented to her Majesty, That an Account be laid before this House, how her Majesty's several Allies have furnished their Quotas the last Summer, both for Ships and Land Forces; her Majesty has been graciously pleased to give Directions, that the same be done, as soon as they can be got ready.

Mr. Lowndes (according to Order) presented to the House,

An Account of the respective Grants in Parliament for publick Services of the Year 1702, what Moneys have arisen by those Grants, till the 8th Day of November, 1704, to what Services the same have been applied, and what other Moneys have been applied to those Services; made pursuant to the Order of the 7th Instant:

And the like Account for the Year 1703: And also, An Account current, of the respective Grants in Parliament for publick Services in the Year 1704, shewing, what Moneys have arisen until the 8th of November, 1704, as well upon the Funds, specially given for the Service of that Year, as upon divers other - Revenues, which have been applied in Aid thereof, and the Remains and Deficiencies of the said Funds; made up also pursuant to the Order of the 7th Instant

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning Nine a Clock.

Martis, 21 die 3 Annas Regina.

Praters.

A PETITION of several Traders in, and Makers of, Needle-work Buttons, on behalf of themselves, and many thousand others, employed in the said Trade, in Macclesfield, Stockport, Leeke, and other adjacent Towns in the County Palatine of Chester, and Staffordshire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Act, made in the 10th Year of his late Majesty's Reign,

These Wards are supplied from the Clerk's Minute-book, being omitted both in the Journal, and the printed Votes.

V01. 14.

4 9

to prevent making and selling Buttons, made of Stuffs, was made for the Encouragement of the Turkey Trade, and employing the Multitudes of Poor, whose Livelihood depended on making Needle-work Buttons; but the said Act hath been evaded by sundry new Inventions of making Buttons of Horn, Horse-hoofs, Beans, Berries, and such-like Materials, whereby the Petitioners Trade is very much prejudiced and impoverished: And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to make the said Act more effectual, for restraining the making of Buttons of Horns, Horse-hoofs, Beans, Berries, and such-like Materials.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition;

The House divided.

The Yeas gp forth.

]4o.

Terror,he J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Sir Roger Mostyn and Mr. Legh do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition of Sir Michael Biddulph, Baronet, is referred, have Power

to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Bill to prevent the Sophistication of Wines, be read a Second Time upon Thursday Morning next.

Mr. William Bridges, from the Office of Ordnance, presented to the House an Account, containing the Particulars of the Ordinary, together with the incident Charges, of the Office of her Majesty's Ordnance, between the 30th of June, 1702, and the 30th of June, 1703.

And the Title thereof was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Bridges also acquainted the House, that there is the like Account preparing, to 1704; and that, as soon as the same is ready, it will be also laid before the House.

Mr. Northmore (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, to enable Trustees to raise Money, for the Payment of the Debts of Mark Delves, late of Cheriton-bishop, in the County of Devon, Esquire, by Sale of some Part of his Estate, or by leasing, setting, and letting, thereof, during the Minority of Mark Delves, his only Son and Heir; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are, as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards the Supply granted to her Majesty, an Aid, not exceeding Four Shillings in the Pound, for One Year, be laid upon all Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and personal Estates.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five Shillings in the Pound, for One Year, be laid upon all Pensions, Offices, Annuities, and yearly Stipends.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Q Ordered,

20° — 2i° Novembris.

Biddulph's Debt to the Crown.

Sophisticating Wines.

Charges of

Ordnance

Office.

Delves'

Estate.

Ways and Means.

Papillon's

Accounts.

430 2i° Novembris. A. 1704,

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions; and that Mr. Conyers, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Solicitor-general, and Sir Robert Demers, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Sir Thomas Littleton, from the Comptroller and Commissioners of the Victualling (according to Order) presented to the House,

The Return of the Comptroller of the Victualling to the Order of the 11th Instant, for laying the State of Mr. Papillon's Account, now under Examination, with the Exceptions made to the Articles of the said Accounts, and to the Vouchers for the same: And also,

The Representation of the Commissioners of Victualling.upon the said Order.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

And the Accounts are, as follow; viz.

The Return of the Comptroller.

THAT the late Treasurer of the Navy's Leidgers, for the Affairs of the Victualling, have been signed and passed by the Navy-board, from the 25th of November, 1689 (at which Time Mr. Papillon came to be his Cashier) to the End of the Year 1697.

That the Leidgers for 1698, and 1699, as also another, for the Bills made out by the former Commissioners of the Victualling, were some time since delivered into the Office of the Comptroller of the Victualling; but, upon Examination thereof, the following Exceptions have arisen thereto; viz.

1 st. The voluntary Charge is not certified by the Commissioners of the Victualling, as it ought to be, for regularly charging the Accomptant with the Produce of the Sales of Offal, Tallow, Hides, decayed Provisions, Bran, Small-coal, old Stores, &c.

2d. The Accomptant appearing to have double Vouchers in his Hands for Payments made for short Provisions, necessary Money to Pursers, Freights to Hoymen, &c. namely, both the gross and the particular Bills for the same Services, it is necessary, it should be examined by the Commissioners of the Victualling, and the one, or the other, vacated, and taken up, to prevent double Allowances.

3d. He is also found to have, in some Cases, Two perfect Bills for the same Thing, in different Persons Names; which must be examined and corrected by the said Commissioners, to prevent double Allowances.

4th. Likewise, both the imprest and perfect Bills, to many Persons, are discovered to be in his Hands; so that the former must be called for, and vacated, and only the latter allowed, to prevent double Allowances.

5th. The Debt of the former Commissioners being paid by their Successors, by new Bills, and he having both the one and the other in his Custody, either the old or new Bills must be taken up, and vacated, to prevent double Allowances.

6th. Several Bills are observed to be antedated, and some of them paid with Money, which should (by the Lords of the Treasury's Orders) have been paid with Salt Tallies, and others with the said Tallies, which should have been paid with Money.

7th. The said Cashier, since his Office ceased, hath not only received several Sums of Money for Offal, &c. but likewise from the present Treasurer on Bills to one Row, which he bad Money in his Hands to answer, and hath refused to return the same.

8th. The Allowance of Imprests for great Sums of Money is claimed; but it is not thought safe, for the Crown to allow any Imprests, which have been cleared by perfect Bills in his Hands, for fear of double Allowances; and therefore it is necessary, that That Matter should be examined, and cleared, by the Commissioners of the Victualling.

9th. Several Bills claimed to be allowed, which are not fully signed by the Commissioners of the Victualling, and others, which want the Receipts of the Parties for the Money alleged to be paid thereon.

5

Dated at the Navy Office, the 20th November, 1704.

Clowd. Shovell.

The said Representation of the Commissioners of the Victualling, on an Order from the honourable House of Commons, of the nth Instant, for laying before their Honours the State of Mr. Papillon s Accounts, now under Examination, with the Exceptions made to the Articles of the stud Accounts, and to the Vouchers for the same, put down, as they lie in each Paragraph of the Return, made by the Comptroller of the Victualling.

TO the 1st. Tis acknowledged, that we, the present Commissioners of the Victualling, are not enabled fully to certify toward charging the Accomptant with the Produce of the Sale of Offal, Tallow, Hides, Bran, Small-coal, old Stores, &c. in former Years before our Time; for that, after much Application, to satisfy ourselves, we cannot find any Books in the Victualling Office, from-whence to make a regular Charge on him, or to trace, whether he hath voluntarily charged himself on those Heads, to the Degree he ought to do.

2d. On our examining into the said Cashier's Accounts, we find a great many small Bills to sundry Persons, for short Provisions, necessary Money to Pursers, Freight to Hoymen, &c. to so great a Number, as a Collection of them, from the Year 16.89 to 1700, fills a Volume, and amounts to 268,477/. 145. 3d. from which petty Bills general ones were made out, in the Names of Jacob Woodward and George Row, then Officers in this Office, containing all the particular Bills, paid by Mr. Papillon within each Month; and both the small Bills, and those general ones, were remaining in the Accomptant's Hands, till lately he delivered them over to us; and being diligently in hand with examining them, we meet with sundry Matters observable; as, that those petty Bills run in Discharge of Imprests to considerable Value; that they carry with them a great many Abatements for short Deliveries by Hoymen, &c. which ought to be charged on the Accomptant; from whence such Examination requires the more Care, and takes up much the more Time; but we are now near a Close on this Head, and shall suddenly make our Report thereof to the Commissioners of her Majesty's Navy.

3d. As to the Accomptant's having, in some Cases, Two perfect Bills for the same Thing, in different Persons Names, we are not yet come to the Examination thereof.

4th. Both the Imprests, and perfect Bills, to many Persons, are discovered to be in the Accomptant's Hands; and though we have not yet been able to examine into the Particulars, this Remark we must beg Leave to make, that, after such a Space of Time, as looking back for 15 Years, through the Action of the late War, in an Office, which appears to have been then managed under the greatest Confusion of Accounts, no Journals or Leidgers being found, by which to charge or discharge, no Course or Assignments in the Payments of Bills, but some of them paid in few Days, Weeks, or Months, while others, of the same, and preceding Dates, remained for several Years unpaid, nor, when perfect Bills were paid, was it noted on them, what Imprests they were to clear, it must from hence be a Matter of the utmost Difficulty, if possible, for us, thus in the Dark, to come at a Certainty therein; but nevertheless we shall set about examining the same, with our utmost Care, to prevent any Prejudice to the Crown.

5th. This Exception will be duly regarded, as we shall proceed in the examining these Accounts.

6th. This respects the Conduct of our Predecessors, and was transacted, before any of us came into the Commission.

7th. There was a Bill of 772/. 6j. 2 made to George Row, in Discharge of sundry petty Bills for short Provisions, Freights, &c. which being after numbered on our Course, and paid by Sir Thomas Littleton, the present Treasurer, this Money, 'tis said, was received by Mr.

Papillon,

431

3 Ann. ai — 2

Restraining Commerce with France.

Papillon after the Determination of his Office; and we wrote to him, to repay it into the Treasury of the Navy, that her Majesty might have had the Benefit of it on the current Service; but have not understood, that it hath been yet done.

8th. There is a Necessity to examine, what perfect Bills he bath in his Hands, towards clearing Imprests, for preventing double Allowances; wherein our Endeavours will by duly employed, though no small Difficulties attend the Performance of it, as is represented on the 4th Article.

9th. Such Bills, as are claimed to be allowed, and not fully signed by the late Commissioners of the Victualling, we shall examine into; and if we can find Vouchers remaining in this Office, to warrant our signing such Bills, we shall add what Hands are wanting, or otherwise report, why it cannot be done.

Dated at the Victualling Office, this 20th Day of November, 1704.

Tho. Colby, Tencent,

' [ Abr.Silghman,] Tho. Jennings,

[H. Zee,] Ken. Edisbury,

[& Hunter. ]

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Blathwait (according to Order) presented to the House, the Answer and Report of the Commissioners of Trade and Plantations, pursuant to the Order of the 14th Instant, by which they were to lay before the House their Opinion, as to the best Method for restraining Commerce with France, and negotiating Bills of Exchange from thence.

And the same was read, and is, as followeth; viz.

THAT there being at present no Statute Law in force, which does absolutely forbid a Commerce with France, or the Importation of French Commodities, and no other Restraint upon that Trade, than what is directed by the Declaration of War, Which forbids all Correspondence or Communication with her Majesty's Enemies, we are of opinion, that an Act be passed, with proper Clauses, and severe Penalties, against Persons corresponding in any Manner with France, and for the Confiscation of Ships, importing Goods of the Growth of France, and likewise of Goods so imported into England-, it being always sub- , mitted to the great Wisdom of this honourable House, how far it may consist with the general Interest of England, as well in respect to our Navigation, as Commerce, to forbid the vending the Commodities, of the Growth and Product of this Kingdom, or of the Plantations, into the French Dominions, or Dominions of their Allies, whilst there is, or may be, an open Trade carried on between some of her Majesty's Allies, and France.

As to restraining the negotiating of Bills of Exchange from France, the best Method we can offer at present, is, that an Act of Parliament be passed in that behalf, impowering her Majesty to issue out her royal Proclamation, declaring, that if any of her Majesty's Subjects shall knowingly correspond in Bills of Exchange, or Matters of Money, with any Persons furnishing Money to France by Bills of Exchange, the Persons so offending shall be liable to such Penalties, as shall be enacted; by which Act Power may be likewise vested in£ix, or any other Number, of her Majesty's Privy Council, to examine such Letters, and Bills of Exchange, as they shall suspect may tend towards the carrying on a Correspondence with France, or furnishing that Kingdom, their Armies, or Allies, with Money, and to cause such Bills to be returned back; which, we are humbly of opinion, will have a good Effect towards the stopping of Bills of Exchange, for the Supply of the French Armies, in case her Majesty's Allies do proceed in like Manner, and take the same Care within their Dominions.

( ] The Name , inclosed in Crochet , are (applied from the Original.

V o t. 14.

All which is most humbly submitted.

Whitehall, November

.1 ' Kob.CectlL

the ai, 1704. Ph

Wm.

John Possessen, Mat. Prior.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Answer and Report be referred to the Committee, who are to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, for the more effectual restraining the Commerce with France, and particularly, the receiving and negotiating Bills of Exchange from France.

A Complaint being made to the House, that Robert Priviiage — Mead, an Attorney at Law, had proceeded in the Cause Actions at of Ashby and White, and others, since the last Session of ing Uctions'. Parliament, and taken the Defendants in Execution, in _ Breach of the Privilege of this House; Aylesbury

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Complaint be Ca e heard at the Bar of this House upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Robert Mead do attend this House upon Thursday Morning next.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Poor Relief. Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for the better Relief, Employment, and Settlement, of the Poor.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cominstook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Comins reported from the said Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 22® die Novembris;

3® Ann® Regina.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Mary Goddard, the Widow and Goddard's Relict of Thomas Goddard, late of Rudlow, in the Estate. County of Wilts, Esquire, deceased, and Ambrose

of Seene, in the County aforesaid, Clothier, of the City of London, Factor, Thomas Dugdalc, of the same, Factor, Thomas Goddard, of North Wraxell, in the County of Wilts, Clerk, as well for and in behalf of the severed Creditors of the said Thomas Goddard, of Rudlow, as in behalf of Ambrose Goddard, a younger Son of the said Thomas Goddard, an Infant, of the Age of Nine Years, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said Tho. Goddard, of Rudlow, being seised in Fee of divers Lands and Premises in by Deed and Will conveyed and devised the same to the Petitioners Jeremy Awdry, Ambrose Tho. Dug-

dale, and Thom. Goddard, in Trust, that his Lands, called Allington Fields, should go to his said Son Ambrose, and his Heirs for ever, and that, during his Infancy, they should apply the Rents thereof for the putting of him, and another of his Brothers, out to some Trade, and the Overplus (if any) to pay Debts; and all the rest of the Estate, either by Sale or Mortgage, to be applied to pay his Debts:

That his whole Estate was, and still remains, mortgaged, and the Lands devised to be sold for more than they will discharge (they being most Reversions) and the Equity of Redemption being subject toother Debts, the Trustees think, it will be most for the Advantage of the Infant, to aave as much as may be of the reversionary Lands, by Sale of Allington Fields, there being other Provision for his Maintenance made by the said WillAnd praying,

that

Pyle'aEstate.

Lockhart's

Estate.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Ways and Means.

433 22 — 23 Novembris. A. 1704.

that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for vesting all the said Lands in the said Trustees, for Payment of the Debts of the said Thomas Goddard, of Rtidlow, by Sale thereof, or of so much thereof, as shall be requisite for that Purpose, and for settling the Remainder thereof upon the Infant, for the Purposes in the Testator's Will mentioned.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that the Lord William Powlett and Mr. Montagu do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Bill, to enable Thomas Pyle, Esquire, and Elizabeth Freke, to make Leases, for Lives, of the Estate, late of Thomas Freke, of Iwem Courtney, Esquire, deceased, as also the Son of George Pitt, Esquire, so to do, when entitled, and in actual Possession of the Premises, and that he may be enabled to make a Jointure upon any Woman he shall marry, out of the same, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bromley, Sir Charles Bloys, Earl of Dysert, Mr. Gape, Sir Davall, Mr. Wentworth, Mr. Musgrcroe, Mr. Stanhope, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Wylde, Mr. Clark, Mr. Portman, Mr. Scobell, Colonel Strangeways, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Neoill, Mr. Pitt, Lord Powlett, Sir John Kay, Mr.

Conyers, Mr. Pigott, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Lawson, Mr. Darcey, Mr. Boscawen, Colonel Colchester, Mr. ley, Mr. Dryden, Sir Fra.Ma Mr. Burridge, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Ash, Mr. Hyde, Mr. Norton, Sir Hen. Lyddall; and all, that serve for the Counties of Dorset and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill to enable James Lockhart, Esquire, and Dorothy his Wife, to sell certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Essex, late of Sir Thomas Luclcin, Baronet, deceased, for Payment of their Debts, and to purchase other Lands and Tenements with the Overplus of the Money, to be settled to the like Uses, was read a Second time.

Resolved', That the Bill be, committed to Mr. Corny ns, Mr. Clark, Sir Fra. Massam, Sir Yonge, Mr. Lam-plugh, Mr. Fox, Sir John Kay, Mr. Webb, Mr. Vernon,

Mr. Wentworth, Mr. Colchester, Mr. Gorge, Mr. Fleming, Mr. Fagg, Mr. Batch, Sir Brian Stapleton, Sir Robert Dovers, Sir Robert Eden, Sir Tho. Davall, Mr. Pigott, Mr. Take, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Bere, Mr. Sharp; and all, that serve for the County of Essex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, for granting an Aid to her Majesty by a Land Tax, and otherwise; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Friday Morning next

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, that the Committee had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Joins,23 die Novem

3 Anne Regina.

Praters.

MR. Gwyn reported from the Committee, to whom Hacche't the Bill, to enable Agnes Hacche, Widow, and Estate, other Trustees, to make Leases, and sell Lands in the County of Devon, for the Payment of the Debts and Legacies of Robert Hacche, Esquire, deceased, and for the Maintenance and Advancement of his Daughters Portions, was committed; that they bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered in the same At the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed:

A Bill, for the preventing the Sophistication of Wines, Sophi ticat-was (according to Order) read a Second time. ing Wince.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of Elizabeth Whitfeild, of Heston, in the whitfeild' County of Middlesex, Spinster, was presented to the House, E»ute. and read; setting forth, that Matthew Lister, and Frances his Wife, and Timothy Whitfeild, and Mary his Wife, being seised to them, and the Heirs of the said Frances and Mary, of divers Lands in Heston aforesaid, did, in 1680, and 1682, mortgage the same to Henry Spelman,

Gentleman, for 1,500 I.and the Estate in Law being forfeited, Spelman obtained a Decree of Foreclosure, ana in 1697 conveyed the Premises to several Uses, and subject to several Annuities, giving the Bulk to William Spelman, his Nephew: That the Petitioner is Daughter and Heir of the said Mary Whitfeild, deceased, and Niece and Heir to the said Frances; and several Controversies having arisen, touching the Validity of the said Decree, all Parties concerned are come to an Agreement to end the Difference, but it cannot be binding, because of Infancy in some of them, without an Act of Parliament: And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for making good and effectual the said Agreement, and for vesting the mortgaged Lands, in Heston aforesaid, in Trustees, to be sold, and disposing the Moneys, arising thereby, to the Purposes in the said Agreement mentioned.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Comyns and Mr. Fytche do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Way and Committee of the whole House, who were to consider fur- M an -ther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is, as followethviz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, granted by an Act of the 1 st Year of her Majesty's Reign, and continued by a subsequent Act until the 24th Day of June, 1705, be-further continued, from the 23d Day of June, 1705, until the 24th Day of June, 1706.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, granted by an Act of the 1st Year of her Majesty's Reign, and continued by a

subsequent

Ann.

23° — 24° Novembris.

453

subsequent Act until the 24th Day of June, 1705, be further continued, from the 23d Day of June, 1705, until the 24th Day of June, 1706.,

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution; and that Mr. Mr. Solicitor-general,

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Occasional Mr. Bromley (according to Order) presented to the Conformity. House a Bill, to prevent occasional Conformity; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms do go with the Mace into Westminster Hall, and Courts there, and Court of Requests, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House immediately.

And lie went accordingly:

And being returned;

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be read a Second time;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, ^; }> 9

Tellers for,he Noes, K

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Tuesday Morning next.

C«n of die The Order of the Day, for the Call of the Defaulters, House. being read;

Ordered, That the Calling over the Defaulters bq adjourned until Saturday Morning next

Privilege_ The Order of the Day being read, for the hearing

Actions at the Matter of the Complaint against Robert Mead, an , La re, P ct' Attorney at Law, for having proceeded in the Cause of ing jsctioss, Ashby and White, and others, since the last Session of Aylesbury Parliament, and taken the Defendants in Execution, in Case. Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That the hearing the Matter of the said Complaint be adjourned until Tuesday Sevennight.

Ordered, That the said Robert Mead do attend this House, upon Tuesday Sevennight.

A further Complaint being made to the House, that, since the Resolutions of this House, the last Session, upon the Case of Ashby and White, there had been several new Actions brought by John Paty, John Oviat, John Peyton, junior, and Henry Basse, and prosecuted by the said Robert Mead, against the Constables of Ailesbury, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Complaint be also heard at the Bar of this House upon Tuesday Sevennight.

Ordered, That the said John Paty, John Oviat, John Peyton, junior, and Henry Basse, do attend this House upon Tuesday Sevennight.

Ordered, That Copies of the original Declarations, in the said Actions, be laid before this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 24° die Novembris;

3 Anns Regina.

PRATER *

Whitley's \ PETITION of Thomas Whitley, Esquire, was Debt to the i\. presented to the House, and read; setting forth, Crown. that the Petitioner became bound to his late Majesty for his Brother Morgan Whitley, Esquire, late Receiver-general of Taxes for Cheshire and North Wales, who failing to make up his Accounts, several Extents have lately issued out against the Petitioner's Estate, though her Majesty could have no Benefit thereof, by reason the same had been mortgaged by his Father, on his Sufferings in the Civil Wars, the Rents whereof will little more than pay the Interest; and, with a Rent-charge of 50/. per Vox. 14.

Annum, in Right of his Wife, which is seized by her Majesty, was all the Support of the Petitioner's Family, who must necessarily starve, unless the Petitioner be permitted to compound, by paying such a Sum of Money, as he, and his Friends, can any ways procure: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill, to enable the I.ord High Treasurer to make Composition with the Petitioner, in respect of his said Suretyship for his Brother.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee, for them to examine the Matter, and state the Fact to the House.

Ordered, That the same be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Sir Michaell Biddulph, Baronet, is referred.

Ordered, That Daniel Horn, a Plaintiff in one of the A Person Actions brought against the Constables of Aihbury, of 10 which Complaint was made to the House Yesterday, do attend this House upon Tuesday Sevennight.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, capital Burgesses, stower and Inhabitants, of the Borough of Sudbury, in the Navigation. County of Suffolk, [and other Inhabitants dwelling in the Counties of Suffolk ] and Essex, in and about the Towns adjacent to the River Stower, lying between the said Counties, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said River, from the Town of Sudbury, to the Town of Manningtree in Essex, is a deep and commodious River for Navigation, and Part thereof was formerly made navigable; but, for want of sufficient Authority to proceed therein, and the Neglect of the said River, the Stream is become unpassable, and obstructed by Mills and Weares, so that Boats and Vessels cannot pass: That the making the said River navigable, from the said Towns of Sudbury and Manningtree, will not only be an Advantage to them, but also to the Publick, by the Increase of Trade, by the breeding of Seamen, by Preservation of the Highways there, and otherwise: And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for making the said River Stower navigable.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir Gervas Etwes, Sir Dudley Cullum, and Mr. Dashwood, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Palmer (according to Order) presented to the Drak.'t House a Bill, for Sale of the Estate of Daniel Drake, Estate. Gentleman, deceased, for the Provision of his Widow and Children, according to his Will; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second lime.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) presented to the Supply Bilf; House a Bill, for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Malt Duties. Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for One Year; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill, for granting an Aid to her Majesty by a Land Supply Bill; Tax, and otherwise, was (according to Order) read a Lwk1 Tax> Second time.

Resolved,-That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction also to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive, a Clause, for relieving the several Parishes and Places, which were charged with, and did actually pay, more than Four Shillings in the Pound, by reason of any Lands, that were formerly doubly taxed, and are now liable only to pay a single Assessment

A Motion being made, and the Question being pro-' posed, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee,

[ ] These Words are supplied from the original Petition, being omitted both in the Journal, and the printed Votes.

5 R that


434 24° — 2 5° N . 1704.

Ulster

Society#

Estate.

Way# and Means.

Ulster

Society's

Estate.

Irish

Hospital

Arrears.

that the Commissioners, for putting in Execution the Act of Parliament for the last Laud Lax, be continued, for executing this present Assessment;

An Amendment was proposed to be made, by adding, " with such (Additions, as shall be thought proper."

And the Question was put, That the said Words be added to the Question:

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth.

86.

116.

Tellers for the Yeas, ' }

Tellers for the No«,£ Jjj; j

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that the Commissioners, for putting in Execution the Act of Parliament for the last Land Tax, be continued, for executing this present Assessment

A Message, from the Lords, by Sir and Sir Richard Ilolford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for settling the Right of several Parcels of Land, and other Tenements, and of certain Fishings, and Tythes of Fishings, in the Society of the Governor and Assistants, London, of the new Plantation in Ulster, within the Realm of Ireland, and their Successors, and for settling a Rent-charge, of Two hundred and Fifty Pounds per Annum, upon the Lord Bishop of Derry, and his Successors, for ever; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had agreed upon a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbatiy 25 die Novembris;

3® Annas

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling the Right of several Parcels of Land, and other Tenements, and of certain Fishings and Tythes of Fishings, in the Society of the Governor and Assistants, London, of the new Plantation in within the Realm of Ireland, and their Successors, and for settling a Rent-charge, of Two hundred and Fifty Pounds per Annum, upon the Lord Bishop of Derry, and his Successors, for ever, was read the First time. Resolved, Timt the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of John Percivall, Esquire, Governor, Wm. Taylor, Purveyor, George Snand Gregory in behalf of themselves, and other Officers and Servants,

11

employed in the fixed and moving Hospitals, attending the Army in Ireland in the Year 1690, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners accounted upon Oath before Commissioners, appointed by his late Majesty for that Purpose in Ireland, and there was then due to the Petitioners, for their Services, and Disbursements, 1,050/. 7 s.3d. as appears by the Commissioners Certificate, who took the Petitioners Vouchers for the Account: That the Petitioners made frequent Application to the Commissioners of Accounts for the Army in England, to take the said Account, and produced to them the said Certificate; but they alleged, it was not sufficient to answer the Intent of a Clause, obtained in favour of the Petitioners, to enable the Commissioners of Accounts to state the Accounts of the Hospitals: And praying, that they may be relieved for the said Sum of 1,050/. 7 s.3d. and that the said Certificate may be allowed as a regular Voucher, upon due Proof thereof; and that the Petitioners may receive Debentures, as the rest of the Army hath doue, or other Satisfaction, for their several Arrears.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter, and state the Fact to the House:

And it is referred to the Marquis of Hartington, Sir JVm. St. Quintin, Lord Coningsby, Sir IVm. Drake, Mr. Annesley, Sir Hen. Lyddall, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Onslow, Sir Edw. Hussey, Mr. Foley, Mr. Walpole, Sir Dudley Cul-lum, Sir Cha. Hotham, Sir Rich. Onslow, Colonel Bier-ley, Mr. Harvey, Sir John Wynn, Mr. Mr. Gee,

Sir Wm. Hustler, Mr. Bere, Sir Cha. , Sir Walt,

Yong, Mr. Crosse, Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. Sir Wm.

Bowes, Sir Edmund Bacon, Lord Fitzharding, Sir Tho.

Travell, Mr. Soamcs, Sir Chr. Hales, Sir John Kay,

Mr. Pitt:And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five

a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of John Lord Pcidett, and the Lady Brid- Lord get, his Wife, was presented to the House, and read: setting forth, that by the Petitioners Marriage Settlement te‘ several Lands in Kent were conveyed to Trustees, and their Heirs, upon divers Trusts; in which Settlement there is a Proviso, that the Petitioners, with the Consent of the Trustees, might sell all those Lands, laying out the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands, of like Value, to be conveyed to the said Trustees, to the like Uses; but Norris Paine, in whom the Inheritance is invested for the Petitioners Use, being withdrawn into foreign Parts, the Petitioners cannot have a Conveyance of the said Premises, nor a Purchaser safely buy the same, without Authority of Parliament: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, to enable the Petitioners, with their Trustees, to sell the several Manors, Lands and Tenements, in Kent, and to lay out the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, of the like Value, to be settled to the same Uses, pursuant to the said Settlement, and also to invest the Inheritance of the said Alanors and Lands (now being in the said Norris Paine) in some other Trustee.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir Thomas Pelham, Mr. Gwyn, and Air. Harley, do prepare,

and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Price (according to Order) presented to the House William ' a Bill, for the Sale of several Manors and Lands in the K tate. Counties of Hereford, Radnor, and Brecknock, for Payment of the Debts of Richard and Tho. Williams, late of Cabalva, in the County of Radnor, Esquire, deceased; and the same was received.

A Bill, for confirming an Agreement between the Exe- Gould' cutors of the last Will and Testament of Gould, late Estate, of Downes, in the County of Devon, Esquire, deceased,

and Susanna Gould, his Relict (now Wife of William

Bullion

Exported.

Ways and Means.

3 Ann.

25° Novembris.

435

Courtenay, Esquire, and for Payment of the Debts, and Maintenance of the younger Children, of the said Moses Gould, and for settling other Part of his Estate, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William i Drake, Mr. Reynolds, Sir Walter Yonge, Mr. Gwyn, Mr.

Pitt, Mr. Gee, Mr. Scobell, Mr. Bere, Mr. Ogle, Mr.

Clark, \ir. Dowdesaell, Sir Massam, Mr. Drake,

Mr. Mountagu. Sir Edw. Hussey, Sir Fra. Child, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Crosse, Mr. Holmes, Lord Powlett, Mr. Stevens, Sir Hen. Lyddall, Sir Dudly Cullum, Mr.

Mr. Fugg, Mr. Yates; and all, that serve for the Counties, of Devon and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House being informed, that Mr. Crisp, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

The Return of the Commissioners of the Customs to the Order of the 1 Sth of November instant: And also,

An Account of all the Bullion, and Coin, entered for Exportation, for Three Years, ending at Michaelmas, 1704. And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Return and Account were read.

And the said Return and Account are, as follow; viz.

The Return.

To the honourable the Commons of England, in Parliament assembled:

IN Obedience to an Order of this honourable House, dated the 18th instant, we humbly lay before this House, by the Hands of the proper Officer, an Account of all Bullion, and Coin, entered for Exportation out of this Kingdom, during the Three Years, ending at chadmaslast; humbly observing to this honourable House, that, by the Rule of Law in the Book of Rates, foreign Coin and Bullion inwards may be landed by any Person, without Warrant or Fee; so that there is no Account taken, or kept, of such Bullion or Coin imported into this Kingdom, nor have the Officers of the Customs any Cognizance thereof.

Which is humbly submitted to this honourable House.

Jo. Warden, Semi. Clarke,

T. Newport, A. Maynwaring,

Will. CullifRich. Breton.

The said Account of Bullion, &e.

Foreign Gold. Foreign Silver.

Ounces of Ingots and Coin. Ounces of Bullion. Ounces of Coin.

p.wt. 30,795 5 C p.wt. 540,855 5 ha. Crisp, per Co 4,081,153 lector outwards.

Ordered, That the said Return, and Account, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered In at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is, as followeth; viz

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Sum of Eight hundred Seventy-seven thousand Nine hundred and Thirty Pounds, Nineteen Shillings, and Threepence Half-penny, be raised, by Sale of Annuities, upon the Remainders of the Fund of Three thousand Seven hundred Pounds per Week, charged on the hereditary and temporary Revenue of Excise.

The said Resolution being read a Second time; Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That, towards the Supply granted toiler Majesty, the Sum of 877,930/. 19$. 3 V o 1.. 14.

be raised, by Sale of Annuities, upon the Remainders of the Fund of Three thousand Seven hundred Pounds per Week, charged on the hereditary and temporary Revenue of Excise.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution; and that Mr. Conyers, Mr. Solicitor-general, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

127.

91'

The Names of the Defaulters were (according to Defaulter! to Order) called over; and many of them appeared; and Cull of the several were excused; some, in respect of their being sick 1 ou,e' in the Country, and others, up$n the Road.

Upon the calling over the Name of Henry Manaton,

Esquire, and he not appearing;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being [Hit, That the said Mr. Manaton be excused;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,f

Tellers for the Noes, {

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Upon the calling over the Names severally of Thomas Dodson, Esquire, Francis Bassett, Esquire, John Esquire, and Francis Merywether, Esquire, they were not

excused.

Upon the calling over the Name of Sir Arthur Owen,

Baronet, and he not appearing;

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That Sir Arthur Owen be excused;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,}

Tellers for the Noes. J'; ]

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Thomas Dodson, Esquire, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That Francis Bassett, Esquire, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

The House taking Notice, that John Asgill, Esquire, hath not attended the Service of the House, during this Parliament;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, take into Consideration, what is to be done in that Case.

Ordered, That Francis Mercwether, Esquire, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That Sir Arthur Owen be sent for in Costody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

96.

123-

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a poor Relief. Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Relief, Employment, and Settlement, of the Poor.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Humphry Mackworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Humphry Mackworth reported from the said Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday next, at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till

Morning, Nine a Clock.

436

270 — 28° Novembris.

A. 1704.

Luna, 27 <lie Novembris;

3 Annas Regina.

Praters.

Leave denied A MOTION being made, and the Question being for Member x\. put, That Sir Joseph Jekill have Leave to attend the to attend Bar of the House of Lords, in a Cause; r s‘ The House divided:

The Yeas go forth.

Te«-for.he Yeas,] 49-

Tellers for he Noe,| J}'" :} 54-

So it passed in the Negative.

rewctfn'1 Resolved, That when Ixave is asked, for any Member

Leave Vor" of this House to attend at the Bar of the House of Lords,

Members to the Cause, and Parties, be expressed, and whether upon attend Lords. a Writ of Error, or an Appeal.

Resolved, That this House will not give Leave to any of their Members to plead at the Bar of the House of Lords, in Cases of Appeals from Courts of Equity.

Waller's The Lord Cheney (according to Order) presented to

Estate. the House a Bill, to enable Edmond Waller, Esquire, to charge his Estate, not settled upon his Wife in Jointure, with a Sum of Money for Payment of his Debts; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Whitfeild's Mr. Comyns (according to Order) presented to the Estate. House a Bill, for the vesting certain Lands and Tenements in or near the Parish of Heston, in the County of Middlesex, being formerly the Estate of Matthew Lister, and Frances his Wife, and and Mary

his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Purposes in the Bill mentioned; and the same was received.

Mart is; 28 die Novembris;

3 Annas Regina.

Praters.

ABILL, for the vesting certain Lands and Tenements whitfeild'

in or near the Parish of Heston, in the County of Estate. Middlesex, being formerly die Estate of Lister,

and Franees his Wife, and Timothy and

his W ife, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Purposes in tlte Bill mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of John Sands, Esquire, and Eliz. his Wife, Sand«'E ute. was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, upon the Petitioners Intermarriage, divers Messuages and Lands in Surrey were settled on the Petitioners, for their Lives, and on their Issue Male, with Provision, to raise 2,000l. for a Daughter's Portion, in case of Failure of Issue Male: That the Petitioners have only One Daughter, about Sixteen Veal's of Age, and have no Prospect of other Issue; and the Petitioner John,having contracted a Debt of 3,3001, by way of Mortgage on the said Lands, and other Debts, in order to pay off the said Debts, hath contracted to sell great Part of the said Premises, and also to pay the said 2,000l. Portion, when the same is rendered payable by the said Settlement, which, in the mean time, is to continue charged on the Lands agreed to be sold: That the Petitioner Eliz. hath agreed to such Agreement, and also her Trustees; but such Sale cannot be perfected, otherwise than by Act of Parliament: And praying that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, to sell Part of his said Estate, for Payment of his Debts, % and raising a Portion for his Daughter.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir Richard Onslow and Mr. Vernon do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Williams' A Bill for the Sale of several Manors and Lands in the Estate. Counties of Hereford, Radnor, and Brecknock, for Payment of the Debts of Richard and Thomas Williams, late of Cablava, in the County of Radnor, Esquires, deceased, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Delves' A Bill, to enable Trustees to raise Money, for the

Estate. Payment of the Debts of Mark Delves, late of Cheriton-bishop, in the County of Devon,- Esquire, deceased, by Sale of some Part of his Estate, or by setting, letting, and leasing, thereof, during the Minority of Mark Delves, his only Son and Heir, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Drake, Mr. Snell, Mr. King, Mr. Cowper, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Buiridge, Mr. Annesley, Mr. Reynell, Mr. Bruce, Mr. St. John, Mr. NorthMr. Cesar, Mr. Comyns, Sir Fra. Lee, Mr. Serjeant Hooper, Mr. Lawson, Mr. Gee, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Manley, Mr. Brereton; and all that serve for the Counties of Devon, and Cornwall, and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Supply Bill The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Land Tax. ' Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to her Majesty by a Land Tax, and otherwise.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cojtyers reported from the Committee, that they had made some Progress in the Bill; and directed him to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

A Petition of Colonel Samuel Vernier, late Governor Irish HocpU of her Majesty's Hospital for the Sick and Wounded in ul Arrears. Ireland, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there is due to the Petitioner, by Disbursements, 487/. 2 s.6d. and for his Salary 611 /. 9 s. lift/, in all 1,099/. 2S‘ 5id- 88may appear by the Earl of Athlones Warrant, dated 27 November, 1691: That his Accounts have passed all the Offices in England, and, on Application to the Lord Treasurer for the said Sum, it was the 14th of this instant November, there minuted, that there is no Provision by Parliament for such Debts:

And praying, that he may be granted a Debenture for his said Debt, or such other Relief, as shall be thought fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Percivall, and others, was referred; and that they do examine the Matter, and state the Fact to the House.

A Petition of the Right Honourable Bridgett Countess Land Tax. Dowager of Plymouth was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, upon the Petitioner's Marriage with Charles late Earl of Plymouthdeceased, King Charles the 2d did grant 2,000 /. per Annum, out of the first-fruits and Tenths, and 1,000l. per Annum, out of Alienation Fines, to Trustees, for a Jointure for the Petitioner: That the Petitioner is informed, that by the Bill, depending in the House, for granting an Aid to her Majesty by a Land Tax, and otherwise, her Jointure will be liable to be rated at .5 s. in the Pound, which is 12 d. more than any other Jointure is likely to pay: And praying, that she may not pay above 4$. in the Pound for her said Jointure.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning Nine a Clock.

An ingrossed Bill, to enable Agnes Hacche, Widow, Htcche' and other Trustees, to make Leases, and sell Lands in Eslute-

the

3 Ann. 28" — 29° Novembris.

437

the County of Devon, for the Payment of the Debts and

Legacies of Robert Hacche, Esquire, deceased, and for the Maintenance and Advancement of his Daughters Portions, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Tide be, An Act to enable Agnes Hacche, Widow, and other Trustees, to make Leases, and sell Lands in the County of Devon, for the Payment of the Debts and Legacies' of Robert Hacche, Esquire, deceased, and for the Maintenance and Advancement of his Daughters Portions.

Ordered, That Mr. Gwyn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Dan Navi- A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of gation. the Borough of Doncaster, in the County of York, and of divers Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of and in the said Borough, and Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That Doncaster is situate on the River Dun, and is a considerable Market Town, especially for Corn, bought and sold for Transportation; and the River is already, in some Places, and at some times of the Year, navigable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels; but, by reason of several Rocks, Shallows, and Banks of Sand and Gravel, the Passage is very uncertain, and hazardous; yet the said River is capable of being made more navigable, which will very much preserve the Highways, and promote Trade in those Parts: And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for making and keeping the said River more navigable, at the Charge of the Petitioners, and such other Persons, as will undertake the same.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that the Lord Marquis of liar ting ton and Sir John Kay do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Drake's A Bill, for Sale of the Estate of Daniel Drake, Gen-

Estate. tleman, deceased, for the Provision of his Widow and

Children, according to his Will, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Mr. Smith, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Compton, Mr. Palmer, Sir Robei't Eden, Mr. Gzrymi, Mr.' Clark, Sir William Drake, Sir Fra.Windham, Mr. Crosse, Sit Edmund Hussey, Mr.

Chase, Mr. Cot, Mr. Anstis, Mr. Fagg, Mr.

Mr. Holmes, Mr. PaMr. Stevens, Sir Kick. Onslow, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Jerooise, Mr. Lee; and all, that serve for the Counties of Wilts, Somerset, and Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Occasional A Bill, for preventing occasional Conformity, was Conformity, (according to Order) read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Ordered, That Candles be brought in And they were brought in accordingly.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be committed to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for granting an Aid to her Majesty by a Land Tax, and otherwise, is committed;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes orf idlers for the iNocs,

Bromley,

Freeman:

}»34-

251.

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Ii ishHofipital Ordered, That Sir Robert Eden and Sir Math. Arrears. . ley be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Percivall, Esquire, and others, is referred.

Vox., 14.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 29 dic Novembris;

3 Annas Regina.

Praters.

A PETITION of Thomas Hatcher, Esquire, was Hatcher' presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that Ettate. by Indenture, dated the 22d of June, 1689, the Petitioner made a Settlement of his whole Estate, Part thereof for raising 2501, per Annum, for a separate Maintenance for his Wife Grace,since deceased without Issue,

Remainder to himself for Life, and his Issue Male, Remainder to his Brothers voluntarily, reserving a Power to charge the whole Premises with a Jointure, to the Value of 300 /. per Annum, if he had Issue Male by his First Wife, and, if none, to any Value, as also to raise, in such manner as he should direct, any Sum, not exceeding 2,0001, for the Payment of his Debts: That it will be. for the Interest of all Parties, that a certain Part of the said Premises should be set out, for a Jointure for any other Wife, the Petitioner shall marry, and that the Money should be raised at present, rather than be left a Charge upon the Estate, at the Petitioner's Death; and several Doubts having arisen, touching the Execution of the Powers in the said Settlement, the Petitioner therefore prays, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for Sale of Part of the Petitioner's Estate, for raising Money to pay his Debts, and for preventing several Doubts, > relating to the Execution of several Powers in the stud

Settlement.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Cha. Bertie and Mr. Harvey do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of John Mason, Gentleman, on behalf of Masoa'aDebt himself, and his Surety Mr. John Pickering, was pre- to the Crown, sented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner was Receiver-general of Taxes in Cambridgeshire, and the Isle of Ely, from the Year 1690 to 1699, and performed his Trust in due Order, until, by the Baseness of the old Coin, by. bad Debts, and Losses by Returns, he became considerably indebted to the Crown, himself Three Years [imprisoned ], his Estate, and Mr.

John Pickering, extented, and sold, and his other Sureties have paid their Proportions of his Debt, except Mr.

Farrer, who hath compounded, according to an Act for-that Purpose: That Mr. Pickering is absconded, and there is nothing left of his nor the Petitioner's Estates, to satisfy the Remainder of the said Debt; but the Petitioner is in hopes, by the Assistance of his and Mr. s

Friends, to raise Part of the said Debt, if they might be admitted to a Composition: And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to impower the Lord Treasurer to make a Composition with the Petitioner, and his Security, for the said Debt.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Sir Michael Biddulph, Baronet, is referred; and that they do examine the Matter of Fact, and state the same to the House.

A Petition of George Nodes, Esquire, and his No ' Wife, was presented to the House, and read; setting Estate, forth, that, upon the Petitioner's Intermarriage, a Settlement was made upon Eliz. and her Issue, of Part of the Petitioner George his Estate in Hertfordshire, which as incumbered by his Father, towards discharging whereof, the Petitioner hath contracted several other Debts, which he is unable to discharge, otherwise, than by Sale of Part of the so settled Premises; which cannot be done, without an Act of Parliament: That the Petitioners have

[ ] This word it supplied from the original Petition.

5 S been

438 290 Novembris. 1704.

been married Six Years, and have had no Issue; and the Petitioner Eliz. and her Trustees, are consenting, that Part of the Jointure Lands be sold, the Petitioner George malting her an Equivalent otherwise, being satisfied, it will be an Advantage to his Family, that his Debts and Incumbrances should be paid: And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for Sale of some Part of the Petitioner's Estate, for discharging his said Debts and Incumbrances, and making Compensation to his Wife for her Jointure in the Estate to be sold.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Freeman and Mr. Cesar do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Coal Trade. A Petition of the Deputy Lieutenants, Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, in the County of Huntingdon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners are supplied with Firing by Sea-coals, brought from King's Lyn in Norfolk, which Corporation exact great Duties on all Coals imported there, upon Pretence of certain By-laws, and by a Custom of Foreign-bought,. and Foreign-sold, compel all Masters of Ships, and other Traders in Coals, not free of the said Corporation, to lie Three Market Days in theip Port, before they can sell their Coals, to the Intent the Lyn Ships may be first cleared, and then the Foreigner must Sell to a Freeman of Lyn; and if otherwise, then all such Coals are seised, as forfeited to the Corporation, by force of the said pretended Custom; by which Means the Freemen of Lyn not only monopolize all the Coals imported there, and discourage Foreigners to import, but have raised the same to an excessive Price, to the great Oppression of the Petitioners: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises, as shall be thought fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter of Fact, and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Dryden, Sir Robert Sir

Edward Hussey, Sir John Kay, Colonel Sir Fra.

Massam, Sir Dudley Cull Sir Robert Eden, Sir Math.

Dudly, Mr. Freeman, Sir M Sir

IVm. Hustler, Mr. Gxvyn, Mr. Thomhaugh, Sir JVm. St. Quintin, Sir Cha. Bloys, Mr. Rowney, Sir Tho. Pelham, Mr. Herne, Mr. Cesar, Mr. Lowndes, Earl of Dysert, Sir Hen. Furnace, Sir John Mordant, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Moor, Mr. Carteret, Mr. Bruce, Mr. JVylde, Mr. Conyers; and all, that serve for the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, Cambridge, Bucks, Bedford, Huntingdon, and Northampton; and all, that serve for Sea-port Towns: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber, and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ditto. A Petition of the Justices of Peace, Gentlemen, Free-

holders, and other the Inhabitants, of the County of Bedford, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners use great Quantities of Sea-coals, brought from King's Lynn: That the Corporation and Inhabitants of Lyn monopolize all the Coals, brought into their Port, by Colour of a pretended Custom of Foreign-bought, and Foreign-sold, if a Foreigner sells to any other Person than a Freeman; by which Means they raise the Price of Coals to an exorbitant Rate, to the great Oppression of the Petitioners; and the said Corporation do persist in their illegal Customs, being too rich to be suppressed by private Persons: Therefore the Petitioners pray the Help of this House, to relieve them against their Grievances.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee; and that they do examine the Matter of Fact, and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to consider of all other Monopolies, relating to the Coal Trade.

Irish Hotpi- A Petition of Sir Patrick Dun, Knight, and Doctor

ml Arrasuc. Camming, late Physicians, Tho. Proby, Esquire, Master

1

Surgeon, John Purris, and other Surgeons, Tho. -wynd, Master Apothecary, Charles Chambers, and James Tindall, Apothecaries, and Nathaniel Boyce, Clerk, employed in the fixed and moving Hospitals for the Sick and Wounded, during the War in Ireland, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, upon stating the Petitioners Accounts by Commissioners, thereunto appointed by their late Majesties, they received Certificates for their several Arrears, amounting in the whole to 1,586/. os. 4d.and the Petitioners applied to the Commissioners, appointed by Parliament to state the Debts of the Army, in order to have their Accounts stated, and to receive Debentures for their Arrears, but could not obtain the same: And praying, that their said Certificates (on due Proof thereof) may be received as regular Vouchers, and that they may receive Debentures for their several Arrears.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Percivall, and others, is referred; and that they do

examine the Matter of Fact, and state the same to the House.

Sir Roger Mostyn (according to Order) presented to Button-the House a Bill, for the making more effectual an Act, making, made in the loth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, so as to restrain the making Buttons of Horns, Horse-hoofs,

Berries, and such like Materials; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, upon Saturday Morning next, in a full House.

A Bill, for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum. Supply Bill; Cyder, and Perry, for One Year, was read a Second Malt Dutie . time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for preventing any Over-charge of the Subject, in respect of the Charge upon Malt, taken upon the Couch, or Floor.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do make Provision in the Bill, that there be an Appeal from the Judgment of the Justices of the Peace to the Quarter Sessions of the County; and that their Judg-ment be final; and that no Certiorari do lie in that Case.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for transferring the Money, remaining unpaid upon the Register of the Malt Duty of the Year, ending the 24th of June, 1704, to the Register, that is to be provided by this Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to prevent Frauds in the Malt Duties.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Supply Bill; Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Land rax the Bill, for granting an Aid to her Majesty by a Land Tax, and otherwise.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That Lord Cuffs, Sir Dudley Cullum, Sir Lockhart'#. Tho. Frankland, Sir Gerv. Elwes, Mr. Thompson, Mr. E tate.

Dryden,

Delves

Estate.

Irish

Hospital

Arrears.

Ulster

Society's

Estate.

Gauging of Malt.

Button-

making.

3 Ann. 2q° — 30° Novembris. — 1° Decembris. 439

Dryrfcn, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill, to enable James Lockhart, and Dorothy his Wife, to sell certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Essex, for Payment of their Debts, and to purchase other Lands, to be settled to the like Uses, is committed.

Ordered, That Sir Robet't Eden and Sir Mathew Dudley be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill, to enable Trustees to raise Money, for the Payment of the Debts of Mark Delves, Esquire, deceased, by Sale of some Part of his Estate, is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Gauntlett, Mr. Pudsey, Sir Irby, Mr. Clark, Mr. Bio fold, Sir John Williams, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Percivall, Esquire, and others, is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 30° die Novembris;

3° Ann® Regina.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling the Right of several Parcels of Land, and other Tenements, and of certain Fishings, and Tythes of Fishings, in the Society of the Governor and Assistants, London, of the new Plantation in Ulster, within the Realm of Ireland, and their Successors, and for settling a Rent-charge, of Two hundred and Fifty Pounds per Annum, upon the Lord Bishop of Derry, and his Successors for ever, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Clayton, Sir Dudley Cullum, Mr. Mr. Grahnte,

Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr. Ogle, Colonel Sir Ashley, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Moncton, Mr. Jessop, Mr. Thornkagh, Mr. Parker, Mr. Mr. Ward,

Mr. )Morgan, Mr. BloJ'eld, Sir Walter Yonge, Mr.

Popham, Mr. Scobell, Mr. Carteret, Mr. Boscawen, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Harpur, Mr. Smith, Colonel Gods rey, Sir John Molencorth, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Poltney, Mr. Dryden, Sir Fra. Mass tm: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Maltsters in and about Andover, in the County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that by several Acts of Parliament, for imposing a Duty upon Malt, the Gaugers are required to take an Account thereof, when wet, or steeping in the Utting-i'at, Cistern, or other Vessel; and accordingly they did so, until March last; since when, they not only gauge it, when wet, but also in the Couch, and Floor, and charge which Way makes most, so that the Petitioners have paid from 4 s.to 5 s. 1 od.per Quarter, to their great

Grievance, contrary to the said Acts; and besides, the Floors are often turned so uneven, that no Two Gaugers can gauge alike, hut there will be several Bushels Difference: And praying, that the Petitioners may be relieved therein, and that the Gaugers may gauge as usually.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for One Year, is committed.

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, Searchers, Assistants, and Commonalty of Cutlers in Hallamshire, in the County of York, and within Six Miles Compass of the same, incorporated by Act of Parliament, and also of divers other of the principal Inhabitants and Freeholders of Shcffeild, in the same County, on the behalf of themselves, and several Thousands more of their Members, and neighbouring Tradesmen, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that they were incorporated in the Reign of King James the First, and ever since they Vol. 14.

have made Horn Buttons, and have been forced to improve that Manufacture, for want of Vent for their others since the War; which employs many Thousands of poor People, who can turn their Hands to nothing else, and will be utterly ruined, m case the Bill now in the House, for the making more effectual an Act, made in the 10th Year of his late Majesty's Reign, so as to restrain the making Buttons of Horns, Horse-hoofs, Berries, and such-like Materials, should pass: And praying, that the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That die said Petition do lie upon the Table, until die said Bill be read a Second dme.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill, to enable James Lockhart, Esquire, and Dorothy his Wife, to sell certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Essex, late of Sir Thomas . Luckin, Baronet, deceased, for Payment of their Debts, and to purchase other Lands and Tenements with the Overplus of the Money, to be settled to the like Uses, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be" ingrossed.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for the preventing the Sophistication of Wines.

Resolved', That this House will, upon Saturday next, at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill, for the better Relief, Employment, and Settlement, of the Poor.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for preventing occasional Conformity.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bromley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bromley reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Tuesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 1 die Decembris; 3 Ann® Regina.

Prayers.

SI R Richard Onslow (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, for Sale of Part of the Estate of John Sands, Esquire, in the County of Surrey, for Payment of his Debts, and for raising a Portion for his Daughter; and the same was received, and read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Mountague (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, for vesting several Lands of Thomas Goddard, late of Rudlow, in the County of Wilts, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, for the Payment of his Debts, by Sale thereof, or so much, as shall be requisite for that Purpose, and

Lockhart

Estate.

Sophisticating Wines.

Poor Relief.

Occasional

Conformity.

Sands'

Estate.

Goddard's

Estate.

Biddulph't Debt to the Crow

Drake's, &c. Debt to the Crown.

'Waller's

Estate.

Williams'

Estate.

Irish

Arrears.

440 i° — 2° Decembris, A. 1704.

for settling the Remainder upon Ambrose his

younger Son, for the Purposes of the said Thomas Goddard's Will mentioned; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Lord William Powlett reported from the Committee, to w hom the Petition of Sir Mich. Baronet,

was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

The Lord William Powlett also reported, from the said Committee, the Matter, as it appeared to them, upon the Petition of John Drake, John and Edmund Cock,

to them referred, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be also taken into Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

A Bill, to enable Edmond Esquire, to charge

his Estate, not settled upon his Wife in Jointure, with a Sum of Money, for Payment of his Debts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Francis Leigh, Sir Francis Blake, Sir John Kay, Mr. Shackerly, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Edgerton, Lord Powlett, Mr. Boscawen, Colonel Godfrey, Mr. Mr. Jervoise,

Mr. Randall, Mr. Harcourt, Mr. Dyott, Sir Tho. mer, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir William Drake, Sir Math. Dudley, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Wilkins, Mr. Monson, Sir Henry Liddall, Sir Jacob Astley, Sir Nich. Mr.

Soames, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Prise, Mr. How,

Lord Cheine, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Gape: And all, that serve for the Counties of Bucks, Hertford, and O.von: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for the Sale of several Manors and Lands, in the Counties of Hereford, Radnor, and Brecknock, for Payment of the Debts of Richard and Thomas Williams, late of Cabalva, in the County of Radnor, Esquires, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Mathew Dudley, Mr. Jervoise, Mr. Prise, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Wyld, Lord Powlett, Sir Edw. Hussey, Mr. Bulkly, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. Gwyn, Sir . Littleton, S ir Cyrill Wych; and all, that serve for North and South Wales, and for the County of Hereford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of Plunket Plunket, alias Son and

Heir of William Stawell, late of the City of Dublin, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner's [Father ] (since deceased) did, in 1690, and 1691, furnish his late Majesty's Forces in Ireland, with Utensils for the Train of Artillery, without which they could not have'marched to Athlone, or have besieged Limerick; the Costs whereof, at 41, per Cent Profit, amounts to 257/. 16$. 6 d. as appears by Certificate of the Earl of Athlone, and others: That the said Sum remains still unpaid, and there being no Fund in Ireland for Payment thereof, the Parliament of England, in April 1701, referred the same to the Commissioners of Accounts for the Army, to state the Accounts thereof; but the Parliament was prorogued, before the Commissioners could make their Report: And praying, that the said 257/. i6 . 6d. with Interest, may be paid to the Petitioner out of such Fund, as shall be thought fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of John

This Word is supplied from the original Petition.

Percivall, and others, is referred; and that they do examine the Matter, and state the Fact to the House.

A Petition of several Clothiers in the County of Button-cester, on behalf of themselves, and many Thousand others making, employed in the Woollen Manufacture, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that an Act of Parliament was made in the Tenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, to prevent the Making and Selling of Buttons, made of Stuffs, and, as the Petitioners conceive, for encouraging the Turky Trade, by the Consumption of Silk and Mohair, and the Exportation of the Woollen Manufactures, and for employing vast Numbers of poor Needle-work Button-makers; all which good Designs are evaded, by making new-invented Buttons of Horns, Berries, and such-like Materials: And praying, that the Bill, depending in the House, for making the said Act more effectual, may pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- Ways and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ans-House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into Supply Bill; a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of kand Tax. the Bill, for granting an Aid to her Majesty by a Land Tax, and otherwise.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Mom- Supply Bill; ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Dutiei. House, upon the Bill, for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for One Year.

Ordered, That Mr. Burridge, Mr. Thomhagh, Mr. Expiring Here, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Pitt, Sir Rushout Cullen, Mr. Laws. Dowdswell, Sir Edward Hussey, Sir Walter Yonge, Mr.

Payne, Sir Dudley Cidlum, Mr. Hayes, be added to the Committee, to whom it is referred to examine, what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and which are fit to be revived, or continued.

Ordered, That Mr, Batch, Sir Roger Bradshaw, Mr. Biddulplis Bridges, Mr. Drake, Sir Math. Dudley, Sir John Stone- to th house, Mr. Fagg, Sir Cha.Barrington, Mr. Morgan, Cro'vn

Sir Willoughby Hickman, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Cha. Bertie,

Mr. Yates, Mr. Robert Bertie, Mr. Harcourt, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Sir Michael Biddutph, Baronet, is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 2 die Decembris;

3° Ann® Regina.

Prayers.

MR. Bromley reported from the Committee, to (.

whom the Bill, to enable Thomas Pyle, Esquire, and Eliz. Freke, to make Leases for Lives, of the Estate, late of Thomas Freke, of Izce Esquire,

deceased, as also the Son of George Pitt, Esquire, so to do, when entitled and in actual Possession of the Premises, and that he may be enabled to make a Jointure upon any Woman he shall marry, out of the same, w as committed,

that

M

.3 Ann. a — 4 Dec441

that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned

had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments be in grossed.

I ave of Ordered, That Mr. Manaton have Leave to go into Absence. the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Six Books (now in the Hands of the The Clerk Clerk of this House) containing the Counterparts of such to deliver up Debentures, as have been issued by the late Commissioners for taking, stating, and determining, the Debts, due to the Army, Navy, and for Transport Service, be delivered by the Clerk to Tho. Jett, Esquire, who is appointed, pursuant to the Act of Parliament, to register the said Debentures, taking his Receipt for the same.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Seven- Suit of th night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Nation — to consider of the State of the Nation, with regard to Sc llaud Scotland.

Regulating A Petition of divers Merchants, on behalf of them-

Broktrs. selves, and others, of the City of London, was presented

to the House, and read; setting forth, that by an Act of Parliament, made in the 8th and 9th Years of his late Majesty's Reign, the Number of Brokers was restrained to One hundred; many of which absent, and others are unable to act, so that the Merchants are in want of Men, skilful in Trade, to supply said Office: And-praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for impowering the Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen to admit all such Precmen of the City of London, as shall come fairly recommended by eminent and sufficient Tradesmen, and - giving sufficient Security, to be Brokers.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ditto. A Petition of several Freemen of the City of London,

formerly Traders in divers Goods and Commodities, usually bought and sold by Brokers, on behalf of them-iselves, and divers others of the said City, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, by ancient Custom of the said City, the Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen had always Power, and did never refuse, to admit any Number of Persons, as Exchange Brokers, for negotiating Business between Merchants and other Dealers, who were Freemen, and had a fair Character, and came recommended by Certificate, as fitly qualified for such an Employ, until an Act was made in the 8th and 9th Years of his late Majesty's Reign, and since continued in the 11th and 12th Years of the said Reign, to restrain the Number of Brokers to One hundred; which Limitation is a great Prejudice to the Petitioners, who understand Trade, and might be employed as Brokers, yet tannot, by reason of the said Acts, though many of the Petitioners, and others, through Losses in the late War, and otherwise, are reduced, and want Business, and though a far greater Number of Brokers were always employed before the said Acts, than since, and that there are now 50 or 60 Petitioners for One Vacancy: And praying, that they may be relieved against the Restraint by the said Acts of Parliament

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House,

Baines' Mr. Ogle (according to Order) presented to the House

Estate. a Bill, for Sale of the Estate, late of Edward Baines, for discharging of a Mortgage thereupon, and making Provision for his Daughters; and the same was received, and fead the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the House be called over upon this Day Call of tha Seven-night; and that such Members, as shall not then Hou,e attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms

attending this House.

Ordered, That the Bill, for the making more effectual Button-an Act, made in the Tenth Year of his late Majesty's making. Reign, so as to restrain the making Buttons of Horn, Horse-hoofs, Berries, and such-like Materials, be read a Second time upon Thursday Morning next.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a poor Rtli«£, Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill, for the better Relief, Employment, and Settlement, of the Poor,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Humphry Mackworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Humphry Mackworth reported from the said Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Bill, and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday next, at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lunx 4° die Decembris;

3 Annas Regina.

Praters.

APETITION of Anthony St. Leger, Gentleman, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that Susanna, the pretended Wife of William Courtney, Esquire, did, before her pretended Marriage with him, make a Contract of Marriage with the Petitioner; pursuant to which Contract, there is a Cause depending in the Spiritual Court of the Arches: That there is a Bill depending in the House, for confirming an Agreement between the Executors of the last Will and Testament of Moses Gould, late of in the County of Devon, Esquire, deceased, and Susannah Gould, his Relict (now Wife of William Courtney [a], Esquire) and for Payment of the Debts, and Maintenance of the Children, of the said Moses Gould,

Gould'

Ettatt.

Bowman's

Nat.

younger (Jhildren, ot ttie said Moses Uould, and for A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers, and Mr. settling other Part of his Estate; which Bill, if it should

Supply Bill; Annuities.

JJiccocks:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Henry Bowman; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdraw.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, for raising Moneys, by Sale of several Annuities, for carrying on the present War; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Vol. 14,

pass, will wholly destroy the Petitioner's Claim: And praying, that he may be heard by his Counsel, or otherwise, before the passing of the said Bill.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed;

It passed in the Negative.

[«] " Gould Orig.

5 T

A Petition

Gains-

borough

Vicarage.

Trobrydge'i

Estate.

Supply Bill Land Tax.

Ways and gleans.

44i

4° — 5® Decembrist

A. 1704.-

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Gainsborough, in the County of Lincolne, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Town and Parish, was presented to the House, and readsetting forth, that the Living for a Minister there is only a Vicarage, and the Income small; but the present Bishop of Lincoln, being Patron of the Church of

borow, having granted the Minister, for his better Maintenance, a Prebend within the Church of Lincoln, adjoitiing to the said Parish, whereof the Bishop was seised in Right of his Bishoprick, and he being willing to annex the Prebend in Perpetuity to the Vicarage; and the Petitioners having also built a House for the said Minister, and resolved to augment the Maintenance of the present Minister, and his Successors, by an annual Assessment of 201. until Lands, of 251, per Annum, can be purchased, and settled in lieu thereof; and pray, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for the Augmentation of the said Vicarage, by annexing the said Prebend thereunto, and by the said Inhabitants laying a Tax upon themselves.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir WilloughbyHicbnan, Mr. Moor, and Mr.

do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of George Tt'obn/dge, of Trobridge, in the County of Devon, Esquire, and Kath. his Wife, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner's Father did, upon his Marriage, settle several Manors and Lands upon himself, for Life, Part thereof on his Wife, now living, for her Jointure, Remainder of the Whole to his First and other Sons, in Tail Male, with a Power for the Petitioner to make Leases for Three Lives, or 99 Years: That the Petitioner hath Six Children, and no Provision is made for any of the younger Children by the said Settlement; and he having contracted several Debts, in improving the said Estate 1,500l. which he is unable to pay, without using the said Power, which will be very prejudicial to his eldest Son, an Infant, he prays, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for Sale of the Manor of Old Rudge, in the County of Devon, for Payment and Discharge of the Petitioner's Debts, and Incumbrances on his Estate, and to enable him to make Provision for his eldest Son, during the Petitioner's Life, and raise Portions for his younger Children.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. lioblynand Mr. Tredenhum do prepare, and bring

in, the Bill.

; Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for granting an Aid to her Majesty by a Land Tax, and otherwise, was committed, the Amendments, which they had directed him to report to the House; which lie read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them ... disagreed, and the Residue agreed, unto by the House; and other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That all Offices in Whitehall and St. James's, rated there in 1703, and 1704 (except those exempted by the Bill) shall be there rated this Year:

And the same was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

And the Bill was amended, by striking out the District Clause, towards the End of the Bill, relating to the further Charge upon Offices and Pensions, touching which, several Amendments, made by the Committee, were disagreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with die Amendments, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole 13

House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 5 die Deccmbris;

3 Anns Regina.

Praters.

ORDERED, That Sir Rushout Cullen have Leave Leave of to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health. Absence.

A Petition of Richard Cobb, Esquire, was presented to Cobb's Debt the House, and read; setting forth, that he was One of to the the Sureties of Tho. Cobb, his Brother, (since deceased) Cr0WI1, late Receiver-general of Taxes for the County of ampton, who died considerably indebted to his late Majesty, and on that Account the Petitioner had all his Goods and Stock extended, to pay the same, in Conjunction with others of his Brother's Sureties: That the Petitioner also alone was bound with his said Brother, a Receiver of another Branch of the Revenue, upon which a great Sum of Money is now due to her Majesty, which the Petitioner is unable to pay, and, if not compounded, will be the Petitioner's utter Ruin: And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to enable the Lord Treasurer to compound with the Petitioner for what is due to her Majesty on the Account aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Sir Michadl Biddulph, Baronet, was referred; and that they do examine the Matter, and state the Pact to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Payne have Leave to go into the Leave of Country, for a Fortnight, his Lady being very ill. Absence.

A Petition of several Traders in, and Makers of, Button-Needle-work Buttons, on behalf of themselves, and many matin8 thousand others, employed in the said Trade, in Sherborne, in the County of Dorset, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that an Act of Parliament was made in the 10th Year of his late Majesty's Reign, to prevent making and selling of Buttons, made of Stuffs, and for encouraging the TurkyTrade, and Woollen Manufacture

and employing Multitudes of Poor, whose Livelihood depends on making Needle-work Buttons; but the good Ends of the said Act have been evaded by sundry new Inventions of making Buttons of Ilorns, Hoofs, Berries, and other Materials: And praying, that the Bill may pass, for making more effectual the said Act, so as to restrain the making of Buttons of Horns, Horse-hoofs,

Berries, and Materials.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Sir Edward Williams, and Dame - William.' beth his Wife, and Henry Williams, their Son and Heir, Estate, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that Sir Henry Williants (the Petitioner Father)

mortgaged divers Manors and Lands unto Henry Williams, deceased, who left Two Sons, Richard and Tho. That Sir Henry left Two Daughters: That Richard hath, ever since the Petitioner Eliz. came at Age, covered his Possession by the Privilege of this House, though be had several Treaties with her concerning the mortgaged Premises; and Thomas died soon after he came to have Possession, leaving only a Daughter, an Infant, whose Mother hath brought a Bill into the House, for Sale of several Manors and Lands in the Counties of Hereford,

Radnor, and Brecknock, for Payment of the Debts of the said Richard and Thomas Williams; winch Bill will debar the Petitioners from their Title to the said mortgaged Premises: And praying, that their Titles may be saved, by a Clause in the said Bill.

Ordered,

Remains, Deficiencies, Debts and Incumbrances.

Slower Navigation.

Scudamore's

Estate.

A Member discharged from custody.

Pyles Estate.

Sand's

Estate.

Occasional

Conformity.

3 Ann. 5° Decemb 445

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Lowndes (according to Order) presented to the House, An Account of the Remains and Deficiencies for the Years 1702 and 1703, with a Comparison relating to Debts and Incumbrances.

And the Title thereof was read;

The Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Sir Gareas Elwcs (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, for making the River Slower navigable from the Town of Maningtree,in the County of Essex to the Town of Sudbury, in the County of SuJJ'olk; and the same was received.

Mr. Brewer (according to Order) presented to the

House a Bill, for vesting the Estate of Ambrose Scudamore, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of the Mortgage Money and Debts thereupon, and for placing out the Residue of the Money at Interest, or vesting it in a Purchase, to the Use of Ann Scudamore, Widow, for her Life, and after to Scudamore,

eldest Son of the said Ambr. , deceased, his

Heirs, Executors, or Administrators; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Merewethei', in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, for not attending the Service of the House, be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

An ingrossed Bill, to enable Thomas Pyle, Esquire, and Eliz. Freke,to make Leases, for Lives, of the Estate,

late of Thomas Freke, late of Courtney, Esquire, deceased, as also the Son of George Pitt, Esquire, so to do, when entitled, and in actual Possession of the Premises, and that he may be enabled to make a Jointure, on any Woman he shall marry, out of the same, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act to enable Thomas Pyle, Esquire, and Eliz. Freke, to make Leases, for Lives, of the Estate, late of Thomas Freke, of Iwern Courtney, Esquire, deceased, as also the Son of George Pitt, Esquire,. so to do, when entitled, and in actual Possession of the Premises, and that he may be enabled to make a Jointure upon any Woman he shall marry, out of the same; and for establishing a School in Iwern Courtney, and augmenting the Vicarage of Cernabbas, in the County of Dorset.

Ordered, That Mr. Bromley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Bill, for Sale of Part of the Estate of John Sands, Esquire, in the County of Surrey, for Payment of his Debts, and for raising a Portion for his Daughter, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Coningsby, Sir Nicholas Mot'ris, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Mr.

Moor, Mr. Heath, Mr Conyers, Mr. Bromley, Mr

Mr. Prise, Mr. Hysham, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Dormer, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Goring, Mr. , Mr. Onslow, Mr. Ward, Mr. HungerJ'ord, Mr. Blojeld, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Craggs, Mr. Gulslon, Mi'- Freeman, Mr. Tredenham, Mr. Drake, Sir Geo. Beaumont; and all, that serve for the County of Sui'rey: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Mr. Bromley (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for preventing occasional Comfbrmity was committed, the Amendments, made to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Vo l. 14.

Clerk's Table; Where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill, with the Amendments, he ingrossed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

TeUersforthe Vea} H5-

Tellers for the Noes, £iy] W Ash9 J 118.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Orders of the Day being read, for the hearing the Privilege-Matter of the Complaints of several Breaches of Privilegey ctl0D at committed by Robert Mead, John Paty, John Oviat, . 1EkcfioM . John Pat on, junior, Henry Basse, and Daniel Horn, and _ for their attending this House; Aylealmry

The Serjeant at Arms was called upon, to give an Ac- Cas# count of what had been done for the summoning them j And he acquainted the House, that his Messenger had been at Ailesbury, and left a Copy of the Order at Mr.

Mead's House, and at his Chambers at 7 Inn; but that he does not attend; but that all the other Persona had been summoned, and do attend.

Wherenpon a Witness was called in, and examined, touching the said Mr. Meads Proceedings in Five Actions against the late Constables of Ailesbury, brought by John Paty, John Oviat, John Pat on, junior, Henry Basse, and Daniel Horn-, the Declarations in which Actions were delivered in, and One of them was read, and is, as followeth; viz.

Paschae, anno tertio Annas Regin®.

HurlscoI JOHANNES PatyqueriturdeWillielino bucks, ss.j Whitej Kichardo Talboys, Willielmo Bell,

ct Richardo Heydon, in custodia Marescalli, &c. pro eo, videlicet, quod com vicesimo sexto die Decembris, anno regni Domini Willielmi tertii, nuper Regis Angii®, &c. duodecimo, b Curia Cancellari® ipsius nuper Regis, apud Wes,tmonasterium, in comitatu Middlesex, emanavit quod-dam breve ipsius nuper Regis, tunc Vicecomiti comitatbs Bucks pnedicti directum, recitando, qubd dictus nuper Rex, de advisamento et assensu Concilii sui, pro quibus-dam arduis et urgentibus negotiis, eundem nuper Regem, statuin et defensionem regni sui Angii®, ecclesi® Anglican®, concernentibus, quoddam Parliamentum suum apud civitatem suam Westmonasterii, sexto die Februarii tunc proximb iuturo, teneri ordinbrit, et ibidem cum Pr®-latis, Magnatibus, et Proceribus, dicti regni sui, colloquium habere et tractatum; idem nuper Rex eidem tunc Vicecomiti comitatbs Bucks per dictum breve pr®cepit finniter injungendo, qubd factb proclamatione in proximo comitatu suo, post receptionem ejusdem brevis tenendo, de die et loco praedictis, duos Milites, gladiis cinctos magis idoneos et discretos, comitatbs praedicti et de qua-libet civitate comitatbs illius duos Cives, et de quolibet burgo duos burgenses, de discretioribus et magnis sufficien-tibus, liberb et indifferenter per illos, qui hujusmodi proclamation! interforent, juxta formam statuti inde editi et provisi, eligi, et nomine eorundem Militum, Civium, et Burgensium, sic eligendorum, in quibusdam indenturisj inter ipsum tunc Vicecomitem, et illos, qui hujusmodi electioni interforent, inde conficiendis (licet hujusmodi eligendi pr®sentes forent, vel absentes) inseri, eosque ad dictos diem et locum venire facerct; ita qubd iidem Milites plenam et sufficientem potestatem, pro se et communitate comitatbs illius, ac dicti Cives et Burgenses, pro se et communitate civitatum et burgorum pnedictorum, divisim ab ipsis haberent, ad faciendum et consentiendum hiis, qu® tunc ibidem de communi Concilio dicti regni ipsius nuper Regis (favente Deo) contingerent ordinari super negotiis autedictis; ita qubd, pro defectu potestatis hujusmodi, seu propter improvidam electiouem Militum,

Civium, aut Burgensium, pr®dictorum, dicti negotia infecta non remanerent quovismodo; et clectionem il-lam in pleno comitatu ipsius tunc Vicccomkis factam

distinct

444

5° Decembris. 1704.

Privilege — Actions at Law respecting Electious.

Aylesbury

Case.

distinct et apertk, sub sigillo suo, et sigUlis eorum, qui electioui illi interforent eidem nuper Regi in tunc Cancel-laria sua ad dictos diem et locum certificaret indilate, re-mittens eidem nuper Regi alteram partem indenturarum praedictarum, eidem brevi consutam, unh fcutn brevi illo: Quod quidem breve postea, et ante predictum sextum diem Februarii, in brevi predicto mentionatum, scilicet, vicesimo nono die Decembris, anno duodecimo supra-dicto, apud burgum de Aylesbury, in dicto comitatu Bucks, cuidam Roberto Weedon, Armigero, adtunc Vicecomiti ejusdem comitatfis Bucks, delibcratum suit, in forina juris exequendum; virtute cujus quidem brevis predictus Robertus Weedon, Vicecomes comitatfis Bucks predicti, ut prefertur, tunc ct ibidem existens, postea, et ante predictum sextum diem Februarii, scilicet, tricesimo die Decembris, anno duodecimo supradicto, apud burgum de Aylesbury predictum; in dicto comitatu Bucks, fecit quoddam preceptum suum in scriptis, sub sigillo ipsius Ro-berti Weedon officii sui Vioecomitis comitatus Bucks pre-dicti, Constabulariis burgi de Aylesbury predicti directum, recitand' diem et locum Parliamenti predicti tenendi, proinde eos requirens, et eis in mandato dans, quod, factA proclamatione infra burgum predictum de die et loco in eodem precepto recitatis, causarent libere et indifferenter eligi duos Burgenses burgi illius, de discietioribus et ma-gis sufficient bus, per ipsos, qui hujusmodi proclamatidni interforent, juxta formam statuti in talibus casibus editi et proviso, et nomina dictorum Burgensium, sic electorum (licet presentes forent, vel absentes) inseri in quibusdam indenturis inter dictum Vicecomitem, et illos, qui haberent interesse in hujusmodi electione, et qudd eos venire face-rent ad diem et locum in eodem-precepto recitatos; ita qudd dicti Burgenses haberent plenam sufficieatem po-testatem, pro se et communitate burgi predicti, ad faciendum et consentiendum iis, qtie tunc ibidem de communi Concilio dicti regni (favente Deo) contingeret or-dinari super negotiis antedictis; ita qudd, pro defectu hujusmodi potestatis, aut propter improvidam electionem Burgensium predictorum, dicta negotia infecta non re-manerent; et qudd electionem indilatd eidem tunc Vicecomiti certificarent, mittentes eidem Vicecomiti alteram partem indenturarum predictarum, dicto precepto anne-kam, ut idem Vicecomes eandem certificaret dicto nuper Regi in Cancellaria sua, ad diem et locum predictos: Quod quidem preceptum postea, et ante predictum sextum diem Februarii, scilicet, eodem tricesimo die Deceip-bris, anno duodecimo supradicto, apud burgum de Aylesbury predictum, in dicto comitatu Bucks, eisdem Wiili-elino White, Richardo Talboys, Willielmo Bell, et Richard© Heydon, adtunc, et usque ad et post relornatum ejusdem brevis, Constabulariis burgi de Aylesbury predicti existentibus, in forma juris exequendum, deliberatum suit, quibus quidem Willielmo White, Richardo Talboys, Willielmo Bell, et Richardo Heydon, ratione officii sui predicti Constabulariomm burgi predicti, executio precepti illius de jure adtunc et ibidem pertinuit; virtute cujus quidem precepti, ac vigore brevis predicti, burgenses burgi predicti existentes, in ea parte debits pramoniti, postea, ct ante predictum sextum diem Februarii, scilicet, sexto die Januarii, anno duodecimo supradicto, apud burgum de Aylesbury predictum, coram eisdem Willielmo White, Richardo Talboys, Willielmo Bell, ct Richardo Ileydon, Constabulariis burgi predicti, assemblati fuerunt, ad duos Burgenses pro burgo illo eligendos, secundum exi-gentiam brevis et precepti predictorum; ac, durante as-semblatione ad intentioneni illam, et antequam hujusmodi duo Burgenses virtute brevis et precepti predictorum clecti fuerunt, scilicet, die et anno ultimd supradictis, apud burgum de Aylesbury predictum, in comitatu predicto, idem Johannes Paty, adtunc et ibidem existens bur-gensis et inhabitans burgi predicti, et eleemosynas ibidem non rccipiens, sed debits qualificatus et intitulatus existens ad suffragiuin suum ad eligendos duos Burgenses pro burgo predicto, secundum exigentiam brevis et precepti predictorum, dandum coram eisdem Willielmo White, Richardo Talboys, Willielmo Bell, et Richardo Heydon, quatuor Constabulariis burgi illius, quibus tunc

et ibidem debits perfinuit ad sufiiagiuin ipsius Johannis Patydeetin premissis capicndum et allocandum, paratu suit, et obtulit suffragiuin suum dare pro eligendo Tho-mam Lee, Baronettum, et Simonem Mayne, Arinigerum, duos Burgenses pro Parli mento illo, virtute et secundum exigentiam brev is et precepti predictorum, ac suffragiuin ipsius Johannis Paty adtunc ac ibidem de jure debuit ad-mitti et predicti Willielmus White, Richardus Talbovs, Willielmus Bell, ct Richardus Heydon, sic Constabularii burgi predicti tunc ct ibidem existentes, adtunc et ibidem requisiti fuerunt per ipsum Johannctn Paty ad suffragiuin ipsius Johannis Paty predicti in premissus recipiendum, ct allocandum; iidemtamcn Willielmus White, Richardus Talboys, Willielmus Bell, et Richardus Heydon, adtunc et ibidem, ut prefertur, Constabularii burgi predicti existentes, premissoruin non ignari, sed machinantes, etfrau-dulenter et malitiose intendentes, eundem Jolmnnem Paty in hac parte dampnificare, et de privilege suo de et in premissis prediclis impcdire,ctlotaliterfrustrare, eundem Johannem Paty suffragiuin suum in ea parte dare adtunc et ibidem obstruxerunt, et adtunc et ibiuetn penitus recu-saverunt ad eundem Johannem Paty suffragium suum pro eligendo duos Burgenses pro burgo illo ad Parliamentutn predictum dare perinittendum, ac suffragiuin ipsius Johannis Paty pro electione ilia non receperunt, neque allo-caverunt, ac duo Burgenses de burgo illo pro Parliamento predicto (predicto Johanne Paty sic, ut prefertur ex-cluso) sine aliquo suffiragio ipsius Johannis Paty, adtuuc et ibidem virtute brevis et precepti predictorum clecti fuerunt, in enervatione predicti privilegii predicti Johannis Paty de et in premissis predictis: Unde idem Johannes Paty dicit qudd ipse deterioratus est, et dampnum habet, ad valentiam ducentarum librarum; et inde product sectam,. See.

J. Thomson, pro querente; 7

Crab per Ja. Close, pro defendentibus; j

The rest of the Declarations are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Also a Note was delivered into the House, and read; which is as followeth; viz.

Pleges, &c.

Paty vers' White et al'

Mr. Close,

PRAY take notice of Trial in this Cause at the next Assizes, to be holden for the County of Bucks.

Yours,

Robert Mead.

Home vers' Ray, et al' )

Basse vers' eosdem, f will not be tried at the next

Oviat vers' eosdem, ? Assizes.

Paton vers' eosdem, j

Received this 22d of July, 1704.

Then the said John Paty, John Oviat, John Paton, and Henry Basse, and Daniel Horn, were severally called in to the Bar, and examined; and then withdrew.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That John Paty, of Aylesbury, has been guilty of commencing and prosecuting an Action at Common Law against White, and others, late Constables of for not

allowing his Vote in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, contrary to the Declaration, in high Com-tempt of the Jurisdiction, and in Breach of the known Privileges of this House.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That John Oviat, of Aylesbury, has been guilty of commencing and prosecuting an Action at Common Law against the late Constables of Aylesbury, for not allowing his Vote in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, contrary to the Declaration, in high Contempt of the Jurisdiction, and in Breach of the knowu Privileges of this House.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That John Paton,junior, of Aylesbury, has been guilty of commencing and prosecuting an Action at Common Law against the lute Constables of Aylesbury, for not allowing his Vote in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, contrary

to

School for Navigation

3 Ann. 50 — 6° Decembris. 445

to the Declaration, in high Contempt of the Jurisdiction, Petition: And praying, that his Proposals may be ex-and in Breach of the known Privileges, of this House. 'amined, and that Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to Resolved, That it appears to this House, that Haiiy settle the Petitioner's Estate, as aforesaid, with suchfur-1Basse, of Aylesbury, has been guilty-of commencing and ther Provisions, and Enlargements, as may render it most prosecuting an Action at Common Law against the late effectual for the Service of the Publick.

Constables of AUesbury, for not allowing his Vote in Ord That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, ac-the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, con- cording to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir trary to the Declaration, in high Contempt of the Juris- George Rook and Sir Thomas Littleton do prepare, and diction, and in Breach of the Known Privileges, of this bring in, the Bill.

House.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, that Daniel A Petition of Nicholas Facto, Gentleman, and Peter Watch-Horn, of AUesbury, has been guilty of commencing and and Jacob Debaufre, Watch-makers, was presented to the making, prosecuting an Action at Common Law against the late House, and read; setting forth, that her Majesty, by Constables of AUesbury, for not allowing his Vote in the Letters Patents of the 1st of May last, granted the Peti-Election of Members to serve in Parliament, contrary to tioners the sole Use and Exercise of a new Invention of the Declaration, in high Contempt of the Jurisdiction, and working precious,'dr more conuiion, Stones, and other in Breach of the known Privileges, of this House. Matters, different from Metals, to be used in Clock-

Resolved, That it appears to this House, that Mr. Robert " ork, or Watch-work, as have not been heretofore used,

Mead has been guilty of soliciting and prosecuting, as for Fourteen Years: That since the Petitioners have Attorney at Law, divers Actions at Common Law greatly improved the said Inventions, which are likely to against William White, and others, late Constables of be of great Advantage to the Publick; but the Time,

AUesbury, for not allowing divers Votes in relation to limited by the Letters Patents, is too short, to encourage Members to serve in Parliament, contrary to the Decla- the Petitioners to proceed in the Expence, they must be ration, in high Contempt of the Jurisdiction, and in at in the effectual Improvement of the said Inventions:

Breach of the Privileges, of this House. And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a

Ordered, That the said John Petty be, for his said Bill, for granting a further Term for the sole Use of the Offence, committed Prisoner to her Majesty's Gaol of said Inventions, after the Expiration of the said Letters Newgate', and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant Patents.

accordingly. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, ac-

Ordered, That the said John Oviat be, for his said cording to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that the Offence, committed Prisoner to her Majesty's Gaol of Lord Marquis of Harlington and Sir Matthew Dudley do Newgate; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant prepare, and bring in, the Bill, accordingly.

Ordered, That the said John Paton, junior, be, for A Petition of John Mascall, Gentleman, was pre- Exporting his said Offence, committed Prisoner to her Majesty's sented to the House, and read; setting forth, that before Prize Good . Gaol of Newgate', and that Mr. Speaker do issue his the late Act, for laying a Duty of 15/. per Ton on Prize Warrant accordingly. Wines, the Petitioner had, at great Expence, fitted on

Ordered, That the said Henry Basse be, for his said several Privateers, upon the Encouragement of her Ma-Offence, committed Prisoner to her Majesty's Gaol of jesty's Declaration to Men of War and Privateers, and Newgate', and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant hath taken several Prizes, which are condemned, and be-accordingly. come liable to the said new Duties: That several of the

Ordered, That the said Daniel Horn be, for his said Prize Goods are not fit for the English Market; and yet Offence, committed Prisoner to her Majesty's Gaol of he cannot export them, without paying the said Duty,

Newgate; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant and Customs, which they are not worth, and is to the accordingly. Petitioner's great Loss and Discouragement: And pray-

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this ing, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to suffer the House, do take care, that the said Warrants be executed. Petitioner to export several of the said Prize Goods to Ordered, That the said Mr. Robert Mead be, for his foreign Parts, now in Amity with her Majesty, without said Offence, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at paying any Duty for the same.

Arms attending this House. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Brewer and Sir Robert Davers do prepare, and bring Morning, Nine a Clock. in, the Bill.

Mercurii, 6 d Decembris;

3 Ann® Regime.

Praters.

APET1TION of Lewis Maidwell, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the last Session of Parliament the Petitioner laid before the House, Proposals to settle a considerable Estate, according to Letters Patents, granted by King William, towards the Foundation and Maintenance of a publick Mathematical School, for the better Education and Improvement of Youth in the Art of Navigation: That the House came to Two Resolutions, approving of the Proposals, and a Bill was brought in thereupon, which was read, and only failed for want of Time; since which, the Petitioner applied himself to his Royal Highness, Lord High Admiral, who referred the Petitioner to the Navy Board, and they have made an ample Report of the Benefit and Advantage, which will accrue to the Kingdom by such a Foundation; which Report, with his Royal Highness's Approbation, is annexed to the Vol. 14.

The House being informed, that the Matter of the privilege. Complaint of a Breach of Privilege against Mr. Palmes, which was, the 15th Day of November last, referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine, is accommodated, the Parties complained against having' made a Submission, to the Satisfaction of Mr. Palmes;

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding in the Matter of the said Complaint

A Petition of several Cloth-workers, Packers, Dyers, Button Silkmen, Silk-throwers, Twisters, Button-sellers, and muting. Button-makers, Citizens of London, on behalf of themselves, and many thousand others employed in the Woollen Manufacture, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that an Act was made in the 10th Year of the late King William, to prevent making and selling of Buttons, made of Stuffs therein mentioned, and was made for the Encouragement of the Turkey Trade, and the Woollen Manufacture, and for employing Thousands of Poor, whose sole Livelihood depends on making Buttons with Needles: That the said Act is evaded, by making Buttons of Horns, Berries, and other Materials to the Discouragement of the Petitioners: And, in 5 U regard

aa6 6° Decembris. . 1704.

regard it prevents the Consumption of Silk, and Mohair, and the Exportation of Cloth, and tends to the Impoverishment and Ruin of many of the Petitioners Families: And praying, that the Bill in the House, for making the said Act more effectual, may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Grow' A Petition of MitfordCraw, Esquire, on behalf of

E tute. himself, his Sons, Brothers, and Sisters, was presented to

the House, and read; setting forth,- that Patricius Craw, Esquire, the Petitioner's Father, deceased, having charged several Lands, in the Counties of Durham, and Northumberland, with 5001, a-piece to the Petitioner's Brothers and Sisters (being Nine) to be paid them by a Term of Years, some of them have been paid, and others are unpaid, and the Trustees have endeavoured to sell the Remainder of the Term, but nobody will buy it, in regard . it cannot descend, or be settled, as an Inheritance, and is also subject to Waste: That the Petitioner, who has Three Sons, Infants, is next entitled to the Estate, after the Trusts performed, and is satisfied, that the Inheritance is not of greater Value than the Trust-money, is willing, Jthat it should be sold, for the Benefit of his Brothers and Sisters, and raising their Portions together; but it cannot be done without an Act of Parliament, by reason of the strict Entail of the said Estate, and Infancy: And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for vesting the Inheritance of the said Premises in Trustees, to be sold, as well as the Term for raising the said Portions, charged upon the said Estate.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir Francis Blake and Sir John do prepare, and

bring in, the Bill.

Booth' A Petition of Nathaniel Booth, Esquire, was presented

Premise to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Mayor let to Govern- on(] Sheriffs of Chester (by Duke Order) in

roe,lt 16S9 took a House of the Petitioners, called Grey Fryers, for the Use of the Sick and Wounded, as should be sent from the Camp in Ireland: That it cost the Petitioner above 200l. to make good the Damages sustained by that Service; and the Lands, belonging to the House, were also made use of for the standing of Carriages, &c. for several Years, for which the Petitioner hath as yet received no Satisfaction: And praying, that he may receive Satisfaction for his said House, and Land, in like Manner as others have been, or shall be, what is due to them in relation to the War in Ireland.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of John PercivaU, and others, is referred; and that they do examine the Matter, and state the Fact to the House.

Irish A Petition of Captain Godfrey Richdrds, Purveyor to

An-can. the Train of Artillery in Ireland, during the late War there, was presented to the House, ana read; setting forth, that, during the Petitioner's Service, he contracted several Debts therein, and was several times arrested, and sued to Executions, and almost ruined thereby; and, upon examining and stating his Accounts by the Commissioners of Accounts in Ireland, and by the Commissioners of the Revenue, there appeared to be due to the Petitioner the Sum of 4,892 4 it

That the Petitioner applied to the late Commissioners of Accounts for the Army, and, though they thought it reasonable, he should have Satisfaction, yet, on perusing the Petitioner's Papers, and.Certificates, annexed to the Petition, they thought they were not warranted by their Constitution to make out any Debentures, upon Accounts, to any Officers, for Moneys disbursed, but such

only, as were upon Muster-rolls, according....

Establishment: And praying, that he may be relieved by some Clause, which may impower the granting him Debentures for his said Debt of 4,892/. 11 id. or

by such other means, as shall be thought fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Percivall, and others, is referred; and thr-t they do examine the Matter, and state the Fact to the House.

Mr. Charles Bertie (according to Order) presented to HutcW the House a Bill, for Sale of Part of the Estate of Tho. E tuu. Hatcher, Esquire, for raising Money to pay his Debts, and for preventing several Doubts, relating to the Execution of several Powers in his Marriage Settlement; and the same was received.

Mr. Lowther (according to Order) presented to the CIande Un House a Bill, for the better enforcing the Execution of OuU»wn«, the Law for preventing clandestine Outlawries in personal Actions; and the same was received,

Mr. Eyre (according to Order) presented to the House Promissory a Bill, for giving the like Remedy upon Notes, promising Note , the Payment of Money, as is now used upon Bills of Exchange; and the same was received.

Mr. Mountagu reported from the Committee, to Gould whom the Bill, for confirming an Agreement between Estate, the Executors of the last Will and Testament of Moses Gould, late of Downes, in the County of Devon, Esquire, deceased, and Susanna Gould, his Relict (now Wife of William Courtenay, Esquire) and for Payment of the Debts, and Maintenance of the younger Children, of the said Moses Gould, and for settling other Part of his Estate was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill, for making the River S navigable from stover the Town of Maimngtree, in the County of Essex, to Navigation

the Town of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Willoughby Hickman (according to Order) pre- Oaki -sented to the House a Bill, for the Augmentation of the borough Vicarage of Gainsborough, in the County of Lincolne, Vicarage, and the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Painter reported from the Committee, to whom Drake' the Bill, for Sale of the Estate of Daniel Drake, Gentle- Estate, man, deceased, for the Provision of his Widow and Children, according to his Will, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by tho House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, bo ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill, for granting an Aid to her Majesty Supply Bill; by a Land Tax, and -otherwise, was read the Third Land T . time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, for an Account to be given of the overplus Moneys, collected by the Collectors of former Taxes.

And


3 Ann 6° — 70 D447

And the same was Once read, and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

An Amendment was proposed to the Bill, Press 50. L. and Press 51. L. to leave out " Duties and " Payments," and insert " Duty and Payment" instead thereof; and to leave out " either of them," in Two Places.

And the same was, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved \Nemine con That the Bill do pass;

and that the Title be, An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Five.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Supply Bill; Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Malt Duties, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for One Year.

Ways and Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning

Means. next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

' And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 7 die Decembris;

3 Annas Regina.

Prayers.

Gainsbo- A BILL, for the Augmentation of the Vicarage of rough A Gainsborough, in the County of Lincolne, was read Vicarags. the First time.

Resolved', That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ancholme A Petition of Sir Michael Warton, and others, on Drainage. behalf of themselves, and others, the Owners of the Level of the River of Ancholme, in the County of Lincolne, and Sir John Monson s Participants and Adventurers, and their Heirs and Assigns, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that by an Act of Parliament, made in the 13th Year of the Reign of King Charles the ad, for confirming certain Decrees of Sewers, made by the Commissioner?, for the Limits of the Level of the River Ancholme, in the County of Lincolne, it is enacted, that Sir John Monson, and his Participants, and their Heirs, should haye .>,827 Acres of the said Level, which was set out to them by several Decrees of Sewers, for their Pains, and Charge of draining above 20,000 Acres, lying upon the said River, extending from Hum-bet' to Bishops Brigg, the which they enjoyed; but by reason of several Defects, and want of sufficient Power in the said Act, the Execution thereof is ineffectual for the Purposes intended; so that, for above Twenty Years last, the Sluices and Drains being much out of Repair, the said Level hath lain under Water every Year, to the great Damage of the Owners and Proprietors thereof: And praying, that Leave he given to bring in a Bill, for the better enforcing and Execution of the said Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir John Thorold, Mr. Monson, and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the Bill.

Dun Navigt- The Lord Marquis of Hurting ton (according to Order) tion. presented to the House a Bill, for making and keeping

the River Dun, in the County of York, more navigable and passable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, at the Charges of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of Doncaster, and such other Persons, as will undertake the same; and the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Vo 1. 14.

A Petition of Anna Hooper, Widow and Executrix of Hoopert Robert Hooper, late of the Island of Barbadoes, Esquire, Eswt« deceased, Burnham Goode, Gentleman, and Katherine, his Wife, only Daughter of the said Robert Hooper, and Edzcard Hooper, only Son and Heir of the said Robert Hoopa', was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said Robert, being Seised in Fee of a Plantation in Barbadoes, made his Will in 1659, and devised, that his Debts should be paid, and after gave several legacies to the Petitioners, and the Residue to Edward, his Son and Heir: That the Testator died indebted about 6,000l. to several Persons in Barbadoes and England, by Judgments, Bonds, and simple Contracts; and all Estates there, though of Inheritance, being liable to pay Debts, though but of simple Contract, the Creditors have commenced divers Suits against the Petitioner Anna, and the said Plantation is like to be torn in Pieces, unless (by reason of Infancy) an Act of Parliament be obtained, to mortgage the same, for raising Money to pay the said Debts: And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for impowering the said Anna to mortgage the said Plantation, or so much thereof, as shall be requisite to raise or secure 5,000l. for satisfying the said Debts, and Interest.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr.

Brewer and Mr. Comyns do prepare, and bring in, the

A Petition of divers Traders in, and Makers of, Button-Needlework Buttons, in the County of the City of ""king. cester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that great Numbers of poor People are there employed in making Needlework Buttons, of Mohair, and Silk, which is purchased in Turkey, in Exchange for our Woollen Manufactures; but of late the Consumption of such Buttons hath been lessened, by making Buttons of Horns, Horse-hoofs, and Berries: And praying, that the Bill, depending in the House, for making more effectual an Act, made in the Tenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, so as to restrain the making of Buttons of Horns, Horse-hoofs, Berries, and sueb-like Materials, may pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Elizabeth Here, by Nathaniel Boules, her Guardian, was presented to the House, and read; E uu. setting forth, that Eliz. the Petitioner, is the sole Daughter and Heir of Robert Hore, deceased, who being seised in Fee of divers Lands and Tenements va Dinton,

Bucks, mortgaged the same for above 600l. and had contracted Debts by Bond, to more than the Value of the Estate, it being but 75/. per Annum: That, if the Petitioner could sell the Premises, she hopes, by Composition with the Creditors, she might save something the reout for herself; but she cannot do it, by reason of her Infancy:

And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to enable the said Guardian, or other Trustees on her behalf, to make Sale of the said Premises, towards Satisfaction of the said Mortgage, and other Debts.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr.

Dyot and Mr. Mountagu do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Bill, for Sale of Part of the Estate of Thomas Hatcher' Hatcher, Esquire, for raising Money to pay his Debts, Estate, and for preventing several Doubts, relating to the Execution of several Powers in his Marriage Settlement, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second lime.

A Bill, for vesting certain Lands and Tenements ih or Whit/eild'» near the Parish of Heston, in the County of Middlesex, Estate, being formerly the Estate of Matthew Lister, and Frances his Wife, and Timothy Whitfeild, and Mary his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Purposes in the Bill mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved,

Goddard's

Estate.

Baines

Estate.

Promissory

Notes.

Sophisticating Wines.

Biddulpfc's Debt to the Cro n.

7 Decembris. . 1704.

Resolved, That the Bill be Committed to Sir Rich.

Onslow, Marquis Hartington, Mr. Walsh, Mr. Compton,

Lord William Pawlet, Sir Math. Dudley, Mr. Comyns, Sir Robert Eden, Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. King, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Jeroois, Mr. Aislaby, Mr. Holmes, Mr. Eyres, Mr. Clark, Mr. Walpole, Sir Edw. Irby, Mr. Mountagu, Mr. Jessop, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Dyot, Mr.

Sir John Kay, Mr. Ward, Mr. Hayes, Sir Edw. Hunger-ford, Colonel Soams; and all, that serve for the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill, for vesting several Lands of Thomas Goddard, late of Rudlow, in the County of Esquire, de-

ceased, in Trustees, for the Payment of his Debts, by Sale thereof, or so much, as shall be requisite for that Purpose, and for settling the Remainder upon Ambrose Goddard, his younger Son, for the Purposes in the said Tho. Goddard's Will mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Pawlet, Sir Fra. Massam, Sir Walt. Yonge, Mr. Dash-wood, Mr. Mountagu, Mr. Knatchbull, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Gulston, Mr. Dyott, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Fagg,

Mr. Bertie, Sir Math. Dudley, Sir Tho. Hopson, Mr. Chase, Sir Hen. Lyddall, Mr. Jennens, Mr. Burridge, Mr. Pinnell, Mr. Stonehouse, Mr. Mr. Wyld,

Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Pole, Mr. Hanbury, Mr. Comyns, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Jessop, Mr. Curson; and all, that serve for the County of Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill, for Sale of the Estate, late of Edooard Baines, for Discharge of a Mortgage thereupon, and making Provision for his Daughters, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Comyns, Sir Gervas Etmes, Mr. Dyot, Mr. ' Lord Pow-

let, Mr. Shackerly, Mr. Drake, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Holmes, Mr. Blofeld, Sir Fra. Massam, Sir John Mordant, Sir Edm. Bacon, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Chase, Sir Dudly CuUutn, Mr. Fagg, Mr. Palgrave, Mr. Gulston, Mr. Soames, Mr. Clark, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Harvey, Sir John.Kay, Mr. Lawson, Mr Mr.

Mountagu, MK Curson, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Leeand all, that serve for the Counties of Hertford, Essex, and Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

A Bill, for giving the like Remedy upon Notes, promising the Payment of Money, as is now used upon Bills of Exchange, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Saturday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for the preventing the Sophistication of Wines.

The House (according to Order) proceeded to take into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Sir Michael Biddulph, Baronet, was referred.

And the Report, and Resolutions of the Committee, were read, and are, as follow; viz.

That it appeared to the Committee, that Morgan Whitley, Esquire, was lately Receiver-general of the Taxes for the Counties of Chester and North Wales; and that Sir Michael Biddulph, Baronet, was One of his Securities to her Majesty: That the said Mr. Whitley failed to make up his Accounts, and that he was, at the Time of his so failing, in Arrear to her Majesty in the Sum of 37,407/. 2 s.8 id.as appears by the Account delivered in by her Majesty's Agents for Taxes; out of which Sum the said Sir Michael Biddulph humbly insists upon, that the said Mr. Whitley was entitled to an Abatement, of a very considerable Sum, for certain Cravings,

and Allowances, usually allowed by the Treasury for the Receiver-general.

That it also appeared to the said Committee, ty an Inquisition, taken the 17th of April, in the First Year of her present Majesty's Reign, that divers Messuages,

Lands, and Tenements, of the said Sir Michael BidduipKs Estate, of the yearly Value of 5 55/. 17$. 4 in the County of Stafford, was seised, and is in her Majesty's Hands, for the said Debt.

That it further appeared to the said Committee, by another Inquisition, taken the 18th May, in the Second Year of her present Majesty's Reign, that Sir John Nay-pier, Baronet, and Edmund Littleton, Esquire, were seized in Fee of and in several Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, in the County of Kent, amounting to the yearly Value of 140/. 13s. in Trust, that the same should be sold, and the Money arising thereby paid, and equally divided between, the said Sir Michael Biddulph, and Simon Biddulph, Esquire, Brother of the said Sir Michael.

That it also appeared to the said Committee, by another Inquisition, taken the 16th of October, in the Second Year of her present Majesty's Reign, that the said Sir Mich. Biddulph was also seised of other Messuages,

Lands and Tenements, in the said County of Stafford, amounting to the yearly Value of 153/. which stands seised in her Majesty's Hands.

That it further appeared to the said Committee, that the personal Estate of the said Sir Michael Biddulph was seised and sold, to the Value of 4711. 12s. 6d. and was paid into her Majesty's Exchequer, in Discharge of the said Mr. Whitleys Account.

That it also appeared to the said Committee, that Three Levari facias's were likewise issued, and directed to the Sheriff of Staffordshire, to levy the Rents and Profits of the said Sir Mich. Biddulph's Estate in Staffordshire; upon which Leodr' there was levied, and paid into her Majesty's Exchequer, the Sum of 1,105/. 4s. gd. as also several other Debts, due to Sir Michael Biddulph, were seized, and extended; by means whereof 199/. was paid into the Exchequer.

That it also further appeared to the said Committee, by Indentures of Lease and Release, dated the 30th and 31st of December, 1678, that the said Sir Michael Biddulph is but barely Tenant for Life of the said Lands and Tenements.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the Resolutions following:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Sir Michael Biddulph, Baronet, has fully proved the Allegations in his said Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That to compound with the said Sir Michael Biddulph, for his said Debt, wilt be a more certain Advantage to her Majesty, than to continue the Extent on his Estate.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the House be moved, to give Leave to bring in a Bill, to enable the Lord High Treasurer of England, for the Time being, to compound with the said Sir Mich.

Biddulph for the said Debt of 37,407/. 25. Sid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the Petition of the said Sir Michael Biddulph; and that the Lord William Pawlet and Mr. Dyott do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

The House also proceeded to take into Consideration Drake1 , the Report from the said Committee, to whom the Peti- Debt to tb« tion of John Drake, John Hunton, and Edmund Cock, Crown, was referred.

And the said Report, and Resolutions of the said Committee, were read, and are, as follow; viz.

That it appeared to the Committee, by the Accounts from the Agents of Taxes, that Mr. Augustine Briggs, late Receiver-general for the County of Norfolk, and City of Norwich, is indebted to her Majesty in the Sum of 13,651/. 9 . $\d.

That it also appeared to the said Committee, that Edmund Cock, John Drake, and John Hunton, were the said

Button-

making.

Ditto.

3 Ann. 70 — 8° Decembris.

449

said Mr. Briggs' Sureties; and that an Inquisition was taken the 5th May, in the 30th Year of his late Majesty's Reign, whereby it was found, that the said Edmund Cock was seised of Two Messuages in the City of , of the yearly Value of 14 /. and that the said Mr. John Drake was seised in Fee of One Messuage in the said City of Norwich, of the yearly Value of 30/. which said last mentioned Messuage was mortgaged to one waite, for Payment of 6001, with Interest; and that the Goods of Edmund Cock were seized, and sold for 32 /. 15 s.2 d. and that the Goods of the said John Di'ake were likewise seized, and sold for 32/. 8 s. 5 and that the Goods of the said John Huntcm were likewise seized, and sold for 363/. 3s. 2 d.which said several Sums, amounting to 426/. 3 s. 9 d.were paid into her Majesty's Exchequer the 19th of July, in the 13th Year of his late Majesty's Reign, Sheriff's Poundage deducted thereout.

That it also appeared to the said Committee, by the said Inquisition, that the said Augustine Briggs was possessed of several Goods and Chattels, which were seized, and sold by the Sheriff for the Sum of 1,310/. 45. 6 and paid by him into her Majesty's Exchequer on the 13th Day of July; and that the said Augustine Briggs was also seised in Fee of several Messuages or Tenements in the said City of Norwich, of the yearly Value of 50/.

That it further appeared to the said Committee, by Inquisition, dated the 4th of May in the 13th Year of his said late Majesty's Reign, that the said Augustine Briggs was seized in Fee of several Messuages and Lands, of the yearly Value of 113/. liable to a Rent Charge of 80/. per Annum, during the Life of Robert Harmer: And it appears by the Accounts, delivered in to the Committee by the Agent for Taxes, that of the said Mr. Briggs' Estate, already sold, the Sum of 640/. is already paid into her Majesty's Exchequer; and that the remaining Part of the said Mr. Briggs' Estate, when sold, will amount to the Sum of 2,350/.

That it also appeared by the said Inquisition, that the amid Mr. Hunton was possessed of some Malt, which was seized, and sold for 60/. and paid by the Sheriff into her Majesty's Exchequer.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee earne to the following Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said John Drake, John Hunton, and Edmond Cock, have fully proved the Allegations in their said Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That to compound with the said John Drake, John Hunton, and Edmond Cock, for their said Debt, will be a more certain Advantage to her Majesty, than to continue the Extents on their Estates.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved, to give Leave to bring in a Bill, to enable the Lord High Treasurer of England, for the Time being, to compound with the said John Drake, John Hunton, and Edmond Cock, for their said Debt of

13,651/. 9s. Sid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the Petition of the said John Drake, John Hunton, and Edmond Cockand that the Lord William Powlett, Sir Edmund Bacon, and Mr. Blofeild, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Majesty's Plantations, and pay a great Custom on Importation; and there are great Quantities of them in London, and, when wrought into Buttons, are, for the most part, exported again: That should the Bill, depending in the House, to prohibit the vending the said Buttons, pass, the Beans and Berries aforesaid will not only become wholly useless, and the Buyers thereby impoverished, but the People, bred up in that Trade, must be inevitably ruined: And praying, that, in case the House shall think fit to pass any Law, to restrain the selling of Buttons,

Bean and Berry Buttons may be excepted thereout.

And the said Bill was (according to Order) read a,

Second time.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That the Bill be committed;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yess, Rppr Mostyn,

Teller, for.be Noes, } .04.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved,. That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Poor Relief. Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill, for the better Relief Employment, and Settle ment, of the Poor.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Humphry Mackworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Humphry Mackworth reported from the said Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Bill, and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 8° die Decembris;

3° Annas Regina.

Praters.

MR. Gwyn (according to Order) presented to the LordPon-House a Bill, to enable the Right Honourable btt'» Estate. John Lord Poulett, and Bridgett Lady ,his Wife,

with the Consent of their Trustees, to sell their Shares and Interests of and in certain Manors and Lands in the County of Kent, and to purchase other Lands or Hereditaments, of the like Value, to be settled to the same Uses; and the same was received.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, an Act Bowman's for naturalizing Henry Bowman, was read the First time. Nat. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order for the Second Reading of the Bill, for the making more effectual an Act, made in the Tenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, so as to restrain the Making of Buttons of Horns, Horse-hoofs, Berries, and such-like Materials, being read;

A Petition of the Bean and Berry Button-makers in and about the City of London, in behalf of themselves, and many more Traders in the said Buttons, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Trade of Bean and Berry Button-making is an ancient Trade, and employs great Numbers of Persons, bred up as Apprentices in and about London: That such Beans and Berries are of the Growth of Jamaica, Barbadoes, and other her V© l. 14.

Sir Gilbert Dolben reported from the Committee, to ulster whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Society's Act for settling the Right of several Parcels of Land, and other Tenements, and of certain Fishings, and Tythes of Fishings, in the Society of the Governor and Assistants,

London, of the new Plantation in Ulster, within the Realm of Ireland, and their Successors, and for settling a Rent-

charge, of 250/. per Annum, upon the Lord Bishop of Derry, and his Successors, for ever, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to

5 X report

450 8 \Decembris.1704.

report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Crow Sir Francis Blake (according to Order) presented to the

£tute. House a Bill, for Sale of several Lands in the Counties of Durham and Northumberland, late of Crow, Esquire, deceased, for the raising the Portions charged thereupon for his younger Children; and the same was received.

Ball' A Petition of Richard Ball, Gentleman, was presented

Estate. to the House, and read; setting forth, that, upon the Petitioner' s Marriage, he settled an Estate at Little Appleby and Great Appleby, in the Counties of Leicester and Derby, upon himself, for Life, and alter upon his Wife, and the Issue of that Marriage: That tire Petitioner hath an Opportunity of selling the said Estate to great Advantage, and purchasing another Estate with the Money, more-agreeable to his Circumstances; but it cannot be done without an Act of Parliament, by reason he hath Issue by his Wife, who are Inlants: And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for Sale of tire said Estate, and that the Monies, arising the reby, be laid out in a Purchase of another Estate, of greater, or equal. Value.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Dyot and Mr. Toutdo prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Tone Navi- A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of gatien. the Borough and Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Conservators of the River , in the said County, have (pursuant to the Powers given them by an Act of Parliament, made in the loth and l ith Years of his late Majesty's Reign) already been at great Expence in making Four Locks, and other Works, on the said River, and must be at a further considerable Charge, in building some other Works near Knap Bridge, without which the said River will not be made navigable, so as to answer the good Ends of the said Act: And praying, that, for the Encouragement of the said Conservators, the Tolls, now payable, by the said Act, at the first Lock above Coal-, harbour, may be made payable at Knap Bridge.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter, and state the Fact to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Palmer, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Clark, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Stanhope, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Bur-ridge, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. St. John, Mr. Bere, Mr. Grahmc, Sir IVm. Drake, Mr. Bridgman, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Sir Fra. 1Massam, M r. Palmer, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Harley, Sir John Bland, Mr. Rowney, Sir Dudly Cullum, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Foley, Sir Hen. Bellasys; and all that serve for the County of Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ditt0t A Petition of the Conservators of the said River Tone,

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, notwithstanding the Petitioners have been, and shall be, at great Charges, in executing the Trusts and Powers to them granted by an Act of Parliament, made in the 10th and 11th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William (for making and keeping the River Tone navigable) the Interest of the Moneys expended, amounting to about 3,000l. has not yet been received, nor are the Petitioners ever like to be reimbursed their Principal, unless the Tolls, now payable at the first Lock above Coal-harbour, be made payable at Knap Bridge, below which Place some considerable Works must be made, to render the said River always navigable: And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to remove the Payment of the Tolls to Knap Bridge aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee.

A Eill, to enable the Right Honourable John Lord

Poulett, and Bridget Lady Poulett, his Wife, with the Lord p00-Consent of their Trustees, to sell their Shares and Interest l«tt'« Estate, of and in certain Manors and Lands in the County of Kent, and to purchase other Lands or Hereditaments, of the like Value, to be settled to the same Uses, was read the F'irst time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, to enable James Lockhart, Esquire, Lockhart' and Dorothy his Wife, to sell certain Lands, Tenements, ,tate-and Hereditaments, in the County of Essex, late of Sir Tho. Luckin, Baronet, deceased, for Payment of their Debts, and to purchase other Lands and Tenements with the Overplus of the Money, to be settled to the like Uses, was read the Third time.

And an Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Pr. last, L. before " Heirs," to insert " respective."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be.

An Act to enable James Lockhart, Esquire, and Dorothy his Wife, to sell certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Essex, late of Sir Thomas Luckin, Baronet, deceased, for Payment of their Debts, and to purchase other Lands and Tenements with the Overplus of the Money, to be settled to the like Uses.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Massam do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence ..hereunto.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ul ter for settling the Right of several Parcels of Land, and Society' other Tenements, and of certain Fishings, and Tythes of E ute. Fishings, in the Society of the Governor and Assistants,

London, of the new Plantation in Ulster, within the Realm of Ireland, and their Successors, and for settling a Rent-, charge, of Two hundred and Fifty Pounds per Annum, upon the Lord Bishop of Derry, and his Successors, for ever, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Gilbert Dolben do carry the Eill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath, agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That Sir Arthur Owen, in Custody of the a Member Serjeant at Arms, for not attending his Service in Parlia- discharged ment, be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees. Cus

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for Abuses of the remedying and preventing the Abuses, committed by Collectors of Receivers and Collectors of the publick Rates and Taxes, saxe and to prevent issuing out of Process, in case of Deficiencies, but against such Places, where such Deficiencies shall happen; and that Sir Richard Onslow, Mr.

Sir Roger Mostyn, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Secretary Hedges acquainted the House, that, pur- Quotas of suant to their Address to her Majesty, her Majesty had States directed him to lay before the House, An Account of Genen Quotas of Ships, furnished by the States General last Summer.

And he presented the same to the House accordingly.

And the Title of the said Account was read:

And the Account is, as followeth

1st. THE States General were to furnish Eighteen Ships of the Line, fqr the foreign Service last Tear; and accordingly Six of their Ships were left at Lisbon in October, 1703, and the other Twelve were sent with the King of Spain; and all of them continued to act in Conjunction with her Majesty's Fleet till about the 28th of July last, at which time Five of them were by the Dutch Admiral sent back to Plymouth,together with One of their Ships, which joined those Five at Lisbon, for convoying the Recruits, which the States were sending for their

Troops

3 Ann., 8° — -9® Decembris.

451

Troops in Portugal;which Service they performed, and are gone with Sir John Leak to Gibraltar.

2. Ten of her Majesty's Ships, and Six of the States; were to be employed for observing the Dunkirk Squadron; and there were some English and Dutch Ships for some time in a proper Station for that Purpose, till it was known, that the French Ships were gone out of

after which there was no further Occasion for attending that Service.

3. Sir David Mitchell, who was employed by her Majesty last Winter to negotiate with the States, for settling the Quotas for the several Services, insisted to have Twelve of the States Ships for the Chanel Service, to join with Twenty of her Majesty's Ships; but the States could not be brought to an Agreement therein, but declared, that, if her Majesty would provide for the Chanel, they would do the like for the North Seas; and though Sir David, and her Majesty's Envoy at the Hague, did all along insist to have 12 Of the States Ships for the Chanel, yet the States did, as often as they were pressed, declare, that they could not comply with it, but w ould send an equivalent Strength to the Northward, in which Services none of her Majesty's Ships were employed.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Supply Bill; The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a M«k Duties. Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, lor continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for One Year.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had made some Progress in the said Bill, and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Pun Navi- Ordered, That the Bill, for making and keeping the g&tioa. River Dun, in the County of York, more navigable and passable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, at the Charges of the Mayor,' Aldermen, and Burgesses, of Doncaster, and such other Persons, as will undertake the same, be read Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 9

3° Anns Regina.

Prayers.

Watch- 1 'HE Lord Marquis of Hartington (according to making. X Order) presented to the House a Bill, for the further Encouragement of the new Art or Invention of working and applying of precious and more common Stones, for the greater Perfection of Watches, Clocks, and other Engines; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Coal Trade. A Petition of the Mayor, Sheriffs, Citizens, and Commonalty, of the City of Nonrich, in Common Council assembled, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners are chiefly supplied with Fuel by Newcastle Coals from Yarmouth, and have for many Years laboured under great Hardships in respect of the excessive Price of Coals, which is occasioned by the Bylaws of Yarmouth, relating to Coals foreign bought and sold, by Colour whereof that Corporation monopolize all Coals, brought into their Port: And praying, that the Petitioners Grievances therein may be redressed.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Voi. 14.

the Deputy Lieutenants, Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the County of Huntington, is referred.

A Petition of Baldwin Malet, Esquire, and William Malet'a Debt

MaTet, Son and Heir apparent to the said Baldwin, was to the Crowa. presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said Baldwin was Receiver-general for the County of Somerset, and City of Bristol, in 1702, and T 703, and about Lady-day last did intrust' Richard Veal, of Exon,

Fuller, with about 14,000l. to be by him returned into her Majesty's Exchequer; but Veal soon after failed, having paid none of the Money; and the Petitioners have no way to raise it, but by Sale or Mortgage of their Estates; which they cannot do, by reason both of them are bound to her Majesty, for rue accounting; and no Purchaser, or Mortgagee, will meddle, by reason of the said Bond, without an Act of Parliament: And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for vesting all the Estate of the said Baldwin Malet in Trustees, either to be sold, or mortgaged, for the Payment of the said Debt to her Majesty, and to vest the Residue in him, his Heirs and Assigns, as by Agreement between the Petitioners.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Palmer, Sir IVm. Drake, and Mr. Gwyn, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of Thomas Burr, of Ware, in the County of Bun'sEitate. Hertford, Maltster, and Tho. Beard, of the Cliffe, near Lewis, in the County of Sussex, Grocer, Executor of the last Will and Testament of Anthony Tompkins, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said Tompkins took a Mortgage of an Estate at Ware of the Petitioner, and devised the said Mortgage to his Grand-children, Thomas and Ann Beard, both Infants:

That the Petitioner Burr is ready to discharge the said Mortgage, and the Executor is willing to receive the Money, and apply it for the Benefit of the said Infants; but cannot, by reason of their Nonage: And praying that Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for vesting the mortgaged Estate in Trustees, to receive the Mortgage-money, and re-convey the Estate to the Petitioner Burr, or as he shall appoint.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Caesar and Mr. Freeman do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Bill for Sale of several Lands and Tenements in the Crow' Counties of Durham and Northumberland, late of - Estate. cius Croze, Esquire, deceased, for Payment of the Portions of his younger Children, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Franklyn, and Sir Robert Lcgard:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill;. for granting an Aid to her Majesty by a Land Tax, to be Land Tax raised in the Year 1705, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill, for vesting the Estate of Ambrose Scudamore, Scudamore' Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment E,ute of the Mortgage-money and Debts thereupon, and for placing out the Residue of the Money at Interest, or vesting it in a Purchase, to the Use of Ann Scudamore,

Widow, for her Life, and alter to William Scudamore, eldest Son of the said Ambrose Scudamore, deceased, his Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John IVd-hams, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. Gorges, Mr. Offley, Lord Cotiingsby, Mr. Naylor, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Thompson, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Fagg, Mr. Blo/'eld, Mr. Diy-den, Mr. Prise, Sir Dudley Cullum Lord P owlet, Sir

Nich.

9° — 11° Decembris.

Occasional

Conformity.

Irish Hospital Arrears.

Call of the House.

Promissory

Notes.

45

Nick. Pelham, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Hanbury, Sir Fra. Child, Colonel Colchester, Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. Clark, Mr. Lamphigh, Mr. Yates; and all, that serve for the County of Hereford, and for North and South Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, for preventing occasional Conformity, be read the Third time upon Thursday Morning next

Sir Matthew Dudley reported from the Committee, to whomthe Petitions of John Percivall, Esquire, late Governor, William Taylor, Purveyor, Geo. and Gregory Odiarne, in behalf of themselves, and other Officers and Servants, employed in the fixed and moving Hospitals, attending the Army in Ireland in the Year 1690, and of Colonel Samuel Fenner, late Governor of her Majesty's Hospital for the Sick and Wounded in Ireland, were referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Reports do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House; and be taken into Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned until Tuesday come Sevennight.

A Bill, for giving the like Remedy upon Notes, promising the Payment of Money, as is now used upon Bills of Exchange, was (according to Order) read a Second time.

llesolved, That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House, to Mr. Cooper, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Hysham, Sir Edw. Hussey, Sir Hen. Furnace, Sir Tho. Pmoys, Sir John Thar old, Mr. Clayton, Lord Powlet, Mr. Sharp, Mr. Ward, Mr. Moncton, Mr. Gwyrm, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr. Eyre, Mr. Hoblyn, Sir Wm. Drake, Mr. Armesly, Sir Hum. Mackxoorth, Mr. King, Mr. Bretoer, Mr. England, Sir Robert Dovers; and all the Merchants of the House, and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; and all, that come, to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Royal Assent A Message from her Majesty, by Mr. Aston, Deputy to Bills. Gentleman-usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Queen commands this honourable House to attend her Majesty immediately in the Hou£e of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend her Majesty:

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, thather Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to One publick Bill; viz.

An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in the Year 1705:

And also to Three private Bills; viz.

An Act for settling the Right of several Parcels of Land, and other Tenements, and of certain Fishings, and Tythes of Fishings, in the Society of the Governor and Assistants, London, of the new Plantation in Ulster, within the Realm of Ireland, and their Successors, and for settling a Rent-charge, of Two hundred and Fifty Pounds per Annum, upon the Lord Bishop 6f Derry, and his Successors, for ever:

An Act for naturalizing Thomas Levingston, Viscount Teviot in the Kingdom of Scotland:

An Act for naturalizing Louise Marie Cressett, the Wife of James Cressett, Esquire:

And that afterwards her Majesty had been pleased to make a gracious Speech to both Houses; of which he had obtained a Copy: And he read the same to the House; and is, as followeth;

2

A. 1704.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I am glad of this Occasion to return you my hearty The Queen'i Thanks for your making good the Assurances you gave Speech, me, in your several Addresses, of your Zeal and Readiness to promote the publick Business.

And I must thank you, Gentlemen of the House of Commons, in particular, for your early Dispatch of so great a Part of the necessary Supplies; which cannot fail of being a very essential Advantage, both in the Forwardness of our own Preparations, and in the great Encouragement it will give to all our Allies.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

I look upon this good Beginning to be so sure a Pledge of your Affections for my Service, and for our common Interest, that I have not the least Doubt, but you will continue with the same Zeal to dispatch what remains of the publick Business, and to bring thi§ Session to a happy and speedy Conclusion.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Mom- SophUticaU ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole "8 Wmes House, upon the Bill, for the preventing the Sophistication of Wines.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a P°w Relict Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill, for the better Relief, Employment, and Settlement, of the Poor.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Humphry Mackworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Humphry Mackworth reported from the said Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Bill, and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, for making and keeping the N«(-River Dun, in the County of York, more navigable and passable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, at the Charges of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of Doncaster, and such other Persons, as will undertake the same, be read upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Sir Gilbert Dolben, Sir Henry Lyddall,

Mr. Gwymn, Mr. Ash, Mr. Annesley, Mr. Morgan, Sir Estate| Walt. Yonge, Mr. Stockdale, Mr. Bere, Sir Math. Dudley, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill, for Sale of the Estate of Edward Baines, deceased, for Discharge of a Mortgage thereupon, and making a Provision for his Daughters, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning,

Nine a Clock.

Luna, 11 die De;

Anno 3 Annas Regina.

Prayers.

THE Lord William Powlett (according to Order) Biddalptfi presented to the House a Bill, to impower the Lord Debt to th» High Treasurer of England, or Commissioners of the Crown Treasury for the time being, to compound with Sir Michael Biddulph, Baronet, One of the Sureties of Morgan Whitley, Esquire, Receiver-general for the Counties of Chester and North Wales; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House being informed, That Mr. Mamoaring Prohibited and Mr. Culliford, Two of the Commissioners of the Customs, attended, they were called in, and, at the Bar, 00

presented

Kenyon' Debt to the Crown.

Hooper's

Estate

IrighArrears.

Drake's, Debt to the Crown.

Gainsbo-

rough

Vicarage.

3 Ann. 1i° Decemhris. 453

presented to the House, An Account of the several Ware- Dryden, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Sir John Kay,

house-keepers of the prohibited East India Goods,' re- Sir John Mordant, Sir Robert Eden, Mr Sir

maining in their Custody at Michaelmas, 1704, pursuant Beaumont, Mr. Mr. Parker, Mr. Comyns, Mr.

to the Directions of the Act of Parliament for that Pur- Cartwright, Mr. Perry'-, and all, that serve for the County pOse. of Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five

And then they withdrew. a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

And the Title of the said Account whs read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, A Complaint being made to the Hduse, that there have Irregularity to be perused by the Members of the House. been some indirect Practices irt sending down the Writ, n sending

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers for the Electing a Knight of the Shire for the County of down a " nt‘

of this Session. Westmorland;

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this A Petition of Thomas Kenyon, Executor, and one of the House Tomorrow Morning, and give an Account of the residuary Legatees, of Luke Z/oyd!. deceased, was presented issuing, and sending down, of the said Writ, to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner Ordered, That the Messenger, to whom the said Writ' intermarrying with one of the Daughters and Coheirs of was delivered, do also attend this House Tomorrow the said Luke, who was One of the Sureties of Morgan Morning. lVhitley, a Receiver-general, had his Estate, by his Wife,

extended for an Arrear, charged upon the said Whitley, A Bill, for Sale of Part of the Estate of Thomas Hatcher, Hatcher's due to her Majesty: That the Petitioner hath Six small Esquire, for raising Money to pay his Debts, and for E,tate-Children, besides several Debts on the said Estate, which preventing several Doubts, relating to the Execution of is of no great Value; and he is only residuary Legatee of several Powers in his Marriage Settlement, was read a Part thereof: And praying, that Leave be given to bring Second time.

in a Bill, or Clause, to enable the Lord High Treasurer Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bertie, to make Composition with the Petitioner for the said Ar- Sir Tho. Davall, Sir Fra. Massam, Sir WYonge, Mr. rears, with respect to his particular Case. Conyers, Sir John , Mr. Perry, Mr. Boyle, Mr.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition Comyns, Lord Powlet, Sir Edward Hussey, Sir Robert be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Eden, Mr. Palmes, Mr. , Mr. Chase, Mr. Cox,

Sir Michael Biddulph, Baronet, was referred. Sir G Etwes, Mr. Naylor, Mr. Dryden, Colonel

Stringer, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Harcourt, Sir John Kay,

Mr. Brewer (according to Order) presented to the Mr. Sir Hen. Lyddall, Mr. Crosse; and all that

House a Bill, for impowering Anna Hooper, Widow and serve for the Counties of Lincoln and York: And they Executrix of Robert Hooper, late of the Island of Barba- are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the does, deceased, by mortgaging a Plantation in the Barba- Speaker's Chamber. does, or so much thereof as shall be requisite, to raise Five

thousand Pounds, and thereby to pay, or secure, the An ingrossed Bill, for confirming an Agreement be- Gould *

Debts, owing by the said Robert Hooper at the time of tween the Executors of the last Will and Testament of E,ute-his Death, yet remaining unpaid; and the same was Moses Gould, late of Downes, in the County of Devon, received, and read the First time. Esquire, deceased, and Susanna Gould, his Relict (now

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. the Wife of Wm. Courtenay, Esquire) and for Payment

of. the Debts, and Maintenance of the younger Children,.

A Petition of Colonel John Michilborn, late Governor of the said Moses Gould, and for settling other Part of of Londonderry, was presented to the House, and read; his Estate, was read the Third time, setting forth, that in 1688 he was Colonel of the Regi- Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title ment in Ireland, then lately Colonel Skeffmgtons, and be, An Act for confirming an Agreement between the inarched into Derry, and, about the Middle of the Siege Executors of Moses Gould, Esquire, deceased, and his there, was made Governor, wherein he faithfully per- Relict, for the Payment of the Debts, and Maintenance formed his Trust: That from the 5th of February, 1688, of the younger Children, of the said Moses Gould, and for to the 1st of January following, the Petitioner's Pay is due settling other Part of his Estate.

to him, amounting to above 1,200l. as stated by a Com- Ordered, That Mr. Moilntague do carry the Bill to the mittee of the House of Commons, and their Address to Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto, his late Majesty for the Petitioner's Satisfaction: And

praying the House to give him such Relief in the Pre- Ordered, That Mr. St. John have Leave to make a Recruiting raises, as shall be thought fit. Motion, it being past One a Clock. Land Force *

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition And. he moved accordingly, That Leave be given to be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of bring in a Bill, for the recruiting the Army, and Marines.

John Percivall, Esquire, and others, was referred; and Ordered, That Leave be given to bring iu a Bill, for that they do examine the Matter, and state the Fact to the better recruiting her Majesty's Laud Forces, and the the House. Marines; and that Mr. St. John, Mr. Conyers, Mr.

Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Tre-The Lord William Powlett (according to Order) pre- denham, Mr. Knatchbull, and Mr. do pre-

sented to the House a Bill, to impower the Lord High pare, and bring in, the Bill.-Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time

being, to compound with John Drake, John Hunt on, and Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Mom- Way and Edmund Cock, Sureties for Augustin Briggs, Receiver-ge- ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Mean , beral for the County of Norfolk, and City of Norwich; House, to consider further of Ways and Means for and the same was received, and read the First time. raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply Bill; A Bill for Augmentation of the Vicarage of Gainsbo- resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Malt Dune . rough, in the County of Lincolne, was read a Second consider further of the Bill, for continuing the Duties upon time. Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for One Year;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Willough- A Petition of the Maltsters, inhabiting in the City of by Hickman, Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. Freeman, Sir Rich. Oxford, was presented to the House, ana read; setting Onslow, Mr. Gulston, Mr. Winstanly, Sir Brian Staple- forth, that they find themselves overcharged by the Offi-ton, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Bulkley, Mr. Lawson, Mr. Moor, cers Incertainty of gauging their Malt, the Duty often Mr. Boyle, Mr. Crosse, Lord Powlet, Mr. Cotton, Mr. amounting to Eight-pence a Bushel, or more, to the Im-Vol. 14. 5 Y poverishment

454 ii — ia6 Decembris. 1704.

poverishment of the Petitioners, by reason of the Power the Gauger has of charging the Duty at any time, within 48 Hours, after the Malt is thrown out of the Cistern upon the Floor: And praying, that they may be relieved therein, by the Officers taking the Gauge within Four Hours after the Water is drained out of the Cistern, or Uting-fat; and that the Petitioners, in Consideration of the great Duties by them paid, and so lying as dead Stock, may be exempt (as formerly) from paying for their Stock to the Land Tax, or to any other Tax.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee of the whole House.

Then the House (according to Order) resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they

had made a further Progress in the Bill, and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Committem Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mart is, 12 die Decembris 3 Ann® Regina.

Praters.

LordPralett't A BIL L, to enable the Right Honourable John Lord Estate. XjL Poulett, and Bridge Lady his Wife, with the Consent of their Trustees, to sell their Shares and Interest of and in certain Manors and Lands in the County of Kent, and to p'-rchase other Lands or Hereditaments, of the like Value, to be settled to the same Uses, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Harley, Sir Phil. Sidenham, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Naylor, Lord Poulett, Mr. Lowther, Sir Tho. Wroth, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. King, Sir Tho. Pelham, Mr.

feld, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Palmer, Lord Dysert, Sir Math. Dudley, Mr. Wentworth, Mr. Tkomhagh, Sir Drake, Sir H. Lyddall, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Pitt, Sir Fra. Massam, Sir Tho. DavaU Sir Robert Eden, Sir Tho. Hales, Sir Dudley Cullum, Mr. Robert Bertie, Sir Fra. Windham, Mr. Hen. BertSerjeant Mr. How,

Mr. Bromley, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Henley', and all, that serve for the Counties of Somerset, Devon, and Kent: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Tone A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of

navigation, the Borough and Parish of Bridgwater, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that they are sensible, the Conservators of the said River have already been, and must further be, at great Charges, to make other Works below Knap Bridge, to perfect the Navigation of the said River; by which Means greater Quantities of Coals, and other heavy Goods, will be brought up the said River, to the preserving the Highways, and promoting their Western Trade: And praying, that, for the Encouragement of the said Conservators, the Tolls, now payable at Coal-harbour, may be paid at Knap Bridge.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of the Borough and Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, and the Petition of the Conservators of the River Tone, in the County of Somerset, is referred.

Mr. Brewer (according to Order) presented to the Exporting House a Bill, to suffer John Mascall, Gentleman, to ex- I>rizo Good port several Prize Goods into foreign Parts, now in Amity with her Majesty; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill, for Sale of the Estate of Daniel Drake, Drake' Gentleman, deceased, for the Provision of his Widow E »te. and Children, according to his Will, was read a Third time.

And an Amendment being proposed to be made, Press

4. L. last, to insert " and Consent;"

The same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.'

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act for Sale of the Estate of Daniel Drake, Gentleman, deceased, for the Provision of his Widow and Children, according to his Will.

Ordered, That Mr. Palmer do carry the . Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

The Lord William Powlett reported from the Com- Cobb's Debt

mittee, to whom the Petition of Richard Cobb, Esquire, to the Crow , was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to the said Committee, which they had directed him to report to thp House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is, as followeth; viz.

That it appeared to the Committee, by the Accounts from the Agents for Taxes, that Tho. Cobb, Esquire, late Receiver-general for the County of Southampton, and Isle of Wight, is indebted to her Majesty in the Sum of 7321.

45. 2d. and that Richard Cobb, Esquire, Brother of the said Thomas, was One of his Sureties.

That it also appeared to the said Committee, that an Extent issued out against the said Richard Cobb, and an Inquisition was taken thereupon, the 5th Day of December, in the First Year of her present Majesty's Reign; whereby it was found, that the said Richard Cobb was possessed of the Residue of a certain Term of 21 Years, commencing from Michaelmas, 1699, of and in a Messuage, Tenement, and Farm, with the Appurtenances, called Barton Farm, in the Parish of Chilcomb, in the said County of Southampton; which Residue of the said Term, then unexpired, was found to be worth, to be sold,

1,000l. and it was further found, that the said Richard Cobb was possessed of several Goods and Chattels, to the Value of 010/. 18s. 8 d.which said Term, Goods, and Chattels, were seized into her Majesty's Hands, by virtue of the said Extent.

That it further appeared to the said Committee, that the Goods and Chattels afore-mentioned were by the Sheriff of the County sold, and the Money paid into the Exchequer, in Discharge of the said Tho. Cobb's, Debt; which said Money, so paid, as aforesaid, upon the Fourth 4 s.Aid, and Houses, and Marriages, amounts to the Sum of 2,100l.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the Petition of the said Mr. Cobb; and that the Lord William Powlett, and Sir Joseph Tredenham, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

The Clerk of the Crown attending (according to Or- irregularity der) gave the House an Account of the issuing out of the in sending Writ, for the Electing a Knight of the Shire for the d«wa a Writ. County of Westmorland; that he made it out, and sent it to the Seal, the 25th of October last.

And the House being informed, that Mr. Robert Briscoe, the Messenger attending the Great Seal, attended (according to Order) he was called in, and at the Bar examined, touching his receiving the Writ, and his sending the same away; viz. He acquainted the House, that he received the same fi-om the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal the 26th of October, and gave a Receipt for it (which Receipt was produced, and read) and that, being

informed.

3 Ann. 120 — 13

informed, there was no Contest, he delivered the same to one Mr. Ridley, who promised him, it should be delivered to the Sheriff; and that he delivered it to Sir Richard Sandford the san e 26th of October, as by Sir Richard's Receipt appears; and that he has been informed, it was delivered to the Sheriff the 3d of November: And begged the Pardon of the House, if te had done any thing amiss; and then withdrew. '

Resolved, That Mr. Robert Briscoe, the Messenger, is guilty of a Crime, in suffering the Writ, for the Electing a Knight of the Shire for the County of Westmoreland, to come into the Hands of a Candidate, before it came to the proper Officers.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Robert Briscoe be, for his said Offence, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

State of the The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Nation — resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Scotland. consider of the State of the Nation, with regard to Scotland;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The House being informed, that there was a Difference in the Committee, who should take the Chair thereof;

Resolved, That Mr. Conyers do taike the Chair of the

Committee.

Then the House (according to Order) resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

' Decembris. 455

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter, and state the Fact to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Wm.Pawlett, Sir Edward Hussey, Mr. Monson, Sir Tho. Daoall, Mr. Mason, Mr. Foley, Mr. Chase, Mr. Mountagu, Mr. Sir John

Mordant, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Topham,

Mr.Lowndes, Mr Gwyn, Mr. Shackerlcy, Mr. Sir

Tho. Littleton, Mr. Harvey, Lord Con Mr. Brewer,

Mr. Cartwiight, Mr. Hoblyn, Sirjohn Kay, Mr. Bridges;

and all, that serve for the Counties of Lincoln, -

ham, and Huntington: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Petition of Charles Angebaud, was presented to the Army Debt, House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner was, by Commission of 29th August, 1689, appointed Apothecary-general of the Army in Ireland: That the Medicines, furnished by him for the said Service, amount to the Sum of 4891. 11s. 8 d. and the Petitioner produced all his Books and Vouchers before the Commissioners of Accounts for the Army, and though they had no Objection to the Justness of the Petitioner's Debt; but they conceiving, they had no Power to state the Petitioner's Accounts, nothing was done for the Petitioner's Relief, to his great Impoverishment: And praying, that his Accounts may be inspected, in order to his Satisfaction for the said Sum, expended out of his own Pocket in foe publick Service.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Percivall, Esquire, and others, was referred; to examine the Matter, and state the Fact to the House.

Mr. Ccesar (according to Order) presented to the Bur's Estate, House a Bill, for vesting an Estate, mortgaged in Fee by Thomas Bur to Anthony Tomkins (now in Infants) in Trustees, to re-cohvey the Estate to the said Tho. Bur, or as he shall appoint, upon Payment of all the Moneys due on the said Mortgage; and foe same was received, and read foe First time.

Resolved, That foe Bill be read a Second time.

Mercurii, 13 die Decembris;

3° Annas Regina.

Prayers.

Ball's Dyott(according to Order) presented to the Estate. i-VJ. House a Bill, for Sale of the Estate of Richard Rail, in Little Appulby and Great Appulby, in foe Coun-.ties of Leicester and Derby, and for laying out so much of the Money, as will purchase another Estate, of equal Value, to be settled to foe same Uses, and the Residue in making Provision for younger Children; and foe same was received, and read the-First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Kesteven -A Petition of several Gentlemen, and Freeholders, in-Land Tax. habiting in the Parts of in the County of Lin-

coln, on the behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that by an Act, made in the 9th and 10th Years of his late Majesty's Reign, the Sum of 54,169/. 17 s. 9 was charged upon foe whole County and City of Lincoln, which was Three-fourths of the Tax raised in 169 ^: That at foe first general Meeting of the Commissioners, in May, 1698, they did not agree how to raise the Tax upon their Three Divisions, Lindsey, Kesteven, and Holland; but the major Part of the Commissioners divided the Sum according to the monthly Assessment, and, by reason of their Disagreement, a Deficiency happened in that Year; but Kesteven hath paid its full Proportion, take it either by foe Way of Three-fourths, or the monthly Assessment; which they can make appear: And praying, that they may not be charged with foe said Deficiency.

Vol. 14.

A Petition of Sir George Warburton, of Arley, in the Warburton's County of Chester, Baronet, was presented to the House, Estate.

and read; setting forth, that, by several Settlements, the Petitioner's Estate is charged with foe Payment of several Portions to his Brothers and Sisters, some whereof he hath paid; but.those remaining unsatisfied, amounting to 4,000l. are secured by Mortgage upon the Petitioner's Estate: That the Petitioner is desirous to free his Estate, by Sale of some Part thereof, rather than the Moneys> charged thereon, should continue to incumber the Whole; but cannot do it, in regard he is only Tenant for Life, and his only Son an Infant: And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for vesting the Manor of Pulford, in the County of Chester, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of the Incuinbranfces, charged thereupon by his Father and Grandfather.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr.

Ward, Sir John Mordant, and Mr. Clayton, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of Mary Guy, the Widow and Relict of Guy's Thomas Guy, late of the Parish of Liscard, in foe County Estate, of Cornwall, Gentleman, deceased, and of Mary Guy, the Infant Daughter of foe said Tho. Guy, by the said Mary Guy, her Mother and Guardian, as also of John Cook, Gentleman, and Henry Cane, Merchant, both of foe Borough of Plymouth, in foe County of Devon, on the behalf of themselves, and divers other the Creditors of the said Thomas Guy, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said Thomas Guy, being seised of foe Reversion in Fee of Part of Two Tenements, lying in the Parishes of St. Clere and Liscard, in -wall, mortgaged the same for 364 /. and, being also seised

Mason' Debt to the Crown.

45<

13 Decemb.

1704.

of other Lands in St. Clare, mortgaged the same for 150/. and, being also seised of divers other Lands and Premises unincumbered, and indebted to several other Persons, by Bonds, and otherwise, to a great Sum of Money, intended to charge the same by his last Will with the Payment of those Debts, having but One Child, the Infant Petitioner, of about Six Years of Age? but because the Will was not duly executed, though done in November, 1701, and he died not till July, 1703, it cannot take Effect; so that the Interest of the Mortgage-money will eat up the mortgaged Premises, before the Infant can come at Age, and the Bond and other Creditors lose their Debts, unless all 'the Lands can be sold for their Satisfaction: And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to vest the mortgaged and other Lands of the said Thomas Guy in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of the Mortgages, and all other the just Debts of the said Guy, and that the Remainder (if any) may be applied for the Benefit of the said Infant

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. lVm. Bridges and Mr. Hoblyn do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

The Lord William Powlett reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Mason, Gentleman, on behalf of himself, and his Surety Mr. John Pickering, was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is, as followeth; vis.

That it appeared to the Committee, by the Accounts of the Agents for Taxes, that Mr. John late

Receiver-general for the County, University, and Town, of Cambridge, and of the Isle of Ely, is indebted to her Majesty in the Sum of 3,880/. os. 5</. and it further appears, by the same Account, that John Ferrer, Esquire, One of the said Mr. Mason's Sureties, hath, pursuant to an Act of Parliament, made a Composition with the Lord High Treasurer, for the Sum of 1,966/. 7 id. Part of the said Debt, due from the said Mr. Mason.

That it further appeared to the said Committee, that several Extents issued out against the Estate of the said John Mason in the Counties of Huntington and Cambridge, and Inquisitions taken thereupon; and that all the Estate of the said Mr. Mason was sold, and the Moneys paid into the Exchequer, Part whereof was copyhold, and settled upon his Wife, long before his being Receiver, for her Jointure, and not liable to be extended; and that he prevailed with his Wife to consent, that the same should be sold, towards Satisfaction of his said Debt; which said copyhold Estate was of the Value of 40/. per Annum.

That it also appeared to the Committee, that Mr. John Pickering was One of the said Mr. Mason's Sureties; and that the Estate of the said John Pickering was extended, and an Inquisition taken thereupon; and that all the Estate of the said Mr. Pickering stands seised into her present Majesty's Hands, towards discharging the said Mr. Mason's Debt

That it further appeared to the- said Committee, by several Witnesses, that the said Mr. Mason was a Gentleman of a very honest Reputation, and had very good Business in the Country, before this Misfortune befel him; and that they believe, he has not One Foot of Land, nor any other Estate in the World, to subsist upon, but some Stewardships of Courts, which the Gentlemen of the Country let him have upon Charity; and that he is near Sixty Years of Age, and has been in Prison Three Years; and that the Occasion of the said Mr. Mason's Failing was, when the bad Money was called in.

That it also appeared to the said Committee, that one Mr. Okely was employed to sell the copyhold Estate aforesaid; and they verily believe, he has not One Shilling left, nor any tiling to help himself, but what is charitably bestowed upon him by his Friends.

That it further appeared to the Committee, that the said Mr. John Pickering's Estate was also extended, as aforesaid; and that he has not One PCny of Money left, nor Bread to eat, but what he has from his Brother.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Mr. Mason's Petition; and that the Lord William Pcwlet and Mr. Pigott do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

The House took into Consideration the Petitions of Regulating divers Merchants, on behalf of themselves, and others, Broker , of the City of London, and of several Freemen of the City of London, formerly Traders in divers Goods and Commodities, usually bought and sold by Brokers, on behalf of themselves, and divers others of the said City.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for enlarging the Number, and regulating, of Brokers; and that Mr. Hem, Sir Tho. Davall, Sir Gilbert Heathcott, and Sir Jeff. Jeffries,do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of Michael Wycks, Esquire, was presented Wyck ' to the House, and read; setting forth, that he had been Debt to above Thirty Years Receiver of the Plantation Duties in Crown the Port of London; and on the 27th of January, 1693, was removed from his Office by the Instigation of a Gentleman, that succeeded the Petitioner, who was then charged by the Comptroller-general of the Customs to be indebted to the Crown 2,386/. 3 $d. and to have

Bonds from Merchants, in his Hands, for 183,658/.

4-$. 5d. and the Petitioner paid the said 2,386/. 35. 5 and delivered up Bonds, to a greater Sum, than charged with; notwithstanding which, the Petitioner having Bonds for due Performance of his Office, an Extent was thereupon taken out against him, on Pretence, he was much indebted to the Crown; whereupon the Petitioner brought his Bill in the Exchequer, to be relieved against the same, and to have his Bonds delivered up; and, upon hearing the Cause, in Triri 1694, the Court directed an Account to be taken by Mr. Eden, the then Deputy Remembrancer; pending which Account, one Hunt, and other Projectors, procured an Order from the Treasury for another Extent, which was executed in 1697, and all the Petitioner's Books and Writings were seized, and still remain in the Officers Hands, and the Petitioner used without Mercy, they being to have a Third of the Petitioner's Estate discovered by them, as it was minuted in the Treasury: That in May, 1698, Mr. Eden reported, he did not find the Petitioner any thing indebted to the Crown; to which Report the Attorney-general took Exceptions, and the Report was set aside, for want of proper Schedules thereunto to be annexed,

Mr. Eden being then dead; and it was referred to the Auditors of the Imprests, to state the Accounts; who have spent much Time therein, but are not like to bring the same to a Conclusion, by reason of the Confusedness of keeping the Books, whereby the Petitioner's Prosecutors would charge him: That the Petitioner is very aged, and, being desirous to settle his Affairs, and die in Peace, although he knows, he is not indebted to the Crown, prays, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to enable the Lord High Treasurer to compound with the Petitioner for such a Sum of Money, as shall be thought reasonable.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Sir Michael Biddulph, Baronet, was referred; and that they do examine the Matter, and state the Fact to the House.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee *

A Bill, for making and keeping the River Dun, in Dun Navigw the County of York, more navigable and passable for tion. I Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, at the Charges of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of Doncaster, and such other Persons, as will undertake the same, was (according to Order) read the First time.-

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition

Dun Navigation. f

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto

State of the Nation — Scotland.

3 Ann.

13® — 14® Decembris.

A Petition of the Freeholders, Copyholders, and Tenants, of Sikehouse, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there is a Bill depending in the House, for making and keeping the River in the County of

York, more navigable and passable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels: The Petitioners conceive, the Navigation cannot be effected, without placing Locks and Sluices within the Reach of the Tides; which will tend to the great Damage of the Petitioners, and the adjacent Lands to the said River: And praying, that the said Bill may not pass, before the Petitioners have had a Copy thereof, and be heard by their Counsel against the same.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, to be taken into Consideration, when the said Bill shall be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Bill, now in the House, for making and keeping the River Dun more navigable and passable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, will (if it should pass) be a great Damage to the Petitioners, and other her Majesty's Subjects, living in and about Bawtry, who chiefly subsist by the Navigation of the River Idle, which, by Boats, conveys into the Trent, Lead, Mill-stones, Com, and other Commodities, which come out of Derbyshire, and Nottinghamshire: And praying, that they may be heard by Counsel against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, to be taken into Consideration, when the Bill shall be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Freeholders, Copyholders, and Tenants of Fishlake, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there being a Bill depending in the House, for making and keeping the River Dun more navigable the Petitioners conceive it cannot be done, without placing Locks and Wears in the said River (which runs through the Petitioners Crouuds) within the Reach of the Tides, which yearly flow higher, and tend to the Petitioners great Prejudice: And praying, that they may be heard by Counsel against the passing of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, to be taken into Consideration, when the said Bill shall be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Freeholders, Copyholders, and Tenants, of Thorne, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read, setting forth, that there being a Bill depending in the House, for making and keeping the River Dun more navigable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels; and the Petitioners, with other neighbouring Townships, foreseeing the great Damages, that will inevitably befal them, if the said Bill should pass, pray, that they may be heard by Counsel against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, to be taken into Consideration, when the said Bill shall be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon Tomorrow Sevennight

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred, to consider of the State of the Nation, with Regard to Scotland, the Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is, as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved, that a Bill be brought in, for the effectual securing the Kingdom of England from the apparent Dangers, that may arise from several Acts, lately passed in the Parliament of Scotland,

-Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, That a Bill be brought in, for the effectual securing the Kingdom of England from the apparent Vot. 14.

457

Dangers, that may arise from several Acts, lately passed in the Parliament of Scotland.

Resolved, That the said Resolution be referred to a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Heads for the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Heads for the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, at Ways and Twelve a Clock', resolve itself into a Committee of the Means, whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That Sir John Williams, Sir Robert Eden, Sands'

Sir John Kay, Sir Matth. Dudley, Sir Jacob , Mr. Estate. Thornhagh, Mr. Pigott, Mr. Eyres, Mr. Holmes, Mr.

Fagg, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill, for Sale of Part of the Estate of John Sands, Esquire, in the County of Surrey, for Payment of his Debts, is committed.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Palgrave, Mr. Promissory Blofeild, Mr. Moor, Sir Math. Dudley, Mr. Toke, Sir NotM Jacob Astley, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill, for giving the like Remedy upon Notes, promising the Payment of Money, as is now used upon Bills of Exchange, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 14° die Decembris;

3® Ann© Regina.

Prayers.

f\RDERED, That Mr. Cotton have Leave to go ieinof into the Country, for Recovery of his Health. Absence.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition Kesteven of several Gentlemen, and Freeholders, inhabiting in the Land Tax, Parts of Kesteven, in the County of , on(the be-

half of themselves, and others, complaining of their being unequally charged with Deficiencies- of the Land Tax, granted in the 9th and 10th Year of his late Majesty's Reign, was referred, have Power to send for Persons,

Papers, and Records; and that Mr. Halford, and all,

that serve for the -County of York,be added to the said

Committee.

An ingrossed. Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bowman' for naturalizing Henry Bowman, was read a Second time. N t.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord by. Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Stanhope, Mr.

Foley, Sir 7ho. Hales, Mr. How, Colonel Mr.

Vaughan, Mr. Conyers, Colonel Stringer, Sir Edw.

Hussey, Sir Fra. Blake, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Dormer, Sir Fra. Lee, Sir Jam. Ash, Mr. Rowney, Sir Fra.

Mr. King, Mr. Dyott, Mr. Lawson, Mr. Henley, Mr.

Fagg: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill, for Sale of several Lands and Tenements in Crow' the Counties of Durham and Northumberland, late of Estate.

Patricius Crow, Esquire, deceased, for Payment of the Portions of his younger. Children, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Francis Blake, Sir Walter Yonge, Sir Edw. Hussey, Mr. Freeman, Colonel Stringer, Mr. Palmer, Sir Fra. Massam,

Mr. Rowney, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Foley, Sir Robert Eden,

Mr. Lawson, Mr. Jessop, Mr. Musgrave, Sir Tho. Pelham, Mr. Vernon, Sir Robert D Mr. Balch, Sir Nich. Pelham, Sir Edw. Hussey, Mr. Dryden, Mr.

Fagg, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Harvey; and all, that serve for the Counties of York, Durham, and Northumberland:

5 Z And

Watch-

makings

Button-

making.

Guy's Estate,

Whitley's Debt to the Crown.

458

140 Decembris.

A. 1704.

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in

the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill, for the further Encouragement of the new Art or Invention of working and applying of precious and more Common Stones, for the greater Perfection of Watches, Clocks, and other Engines, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Foley, Lord Marquis Hartington, Sir Math. Dudley, Mr. Bridges, Lord Orrery, Sir Mr. Wool-

laston, Mr. Stanhope, Mr. Hysham, Mr. Lord

Conittgsby, Mr. Palmes, Mr. , Mr. Crosse, Sir

Jos. Jekyll, Mr. Cesar, Mr. Pagit, Mr.' Brett, Mr. Ro-

berts, Sir Chr. Hales, Mr. Pitfeild, Lord Cults, Mr.

Grevill, Lord Edw. Russell, Sir Fra. Massam, Sir Gerv. Elwes, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Yates, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Comyns, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Harley: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, Searchers, Assistants, and Commonalty, of the Corporation of Cutlers in HaUamshire, in the County of York, and within Six Miles Compass of the same, incorporated by Act of Parliament, on behalf of themselves, and several thousand other poor Tradesmen within the Limits and Neighbourhood of this Corporation, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Bill depending in the House, for the making more effectual an Act, made in the 1 oth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, so as to restrain the making of Buttons of Horns, Horse-hoofs, Berries, and such-like Materials (should it pass into a Law) would tend very much to the Prejudice of the Petitioners, and the Trade of their Corporation: And praying, that they may be heard by Counsel against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Hoblyn (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, for the more speedy Payment of the Debts of Tho. Guy, Gentleman, deceased, and vesting his Estate in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of his Debts; and the same was received.

The Lord William Ptaelet reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Thomas Whitley, Esquire, was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them, upon the said Petition, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

That it appeared to the Committee, that Morgan Whitley, Esquire, was lately Receiver-general of the Taxes for the Counties of Chester and North Wales; and that Thomas Whitley, Esquire, was One of his Sureties to his late Majesty: That the said Morgan Whitley failed to make up his Accounts; and that he was, at the time of his so failing, in Arrear to his Majesty in the Sum of 37,407k 2 s.Sid. as appears by the Accounts, delivered in by the Agents for Taxes.

And that by an Inquisition, taken the 16th April, in the First Year of her present Majesty's Reign, it was found, that the said Thomas Whitley was seised in his Demesne, as of Freehold, during the Life of his Wife, and, in her Right, of and in One yearly Rent-charge of 501, issuing out of several Lands and Tenements in Great Stanney, and other Places; which said Rent-charge was found to be of the clear yearly Value of 45 and now remains seized into her Majesty's Hands, towards discharging the aforesaid Debt

And that by another Inquisition, taken the 28th of June, in the 3d Year of her present Majesty's Reign, it was found, that the said Tho. Whitley was seised in his Demesne, as of Fee, and in One Reversion after the Death ef one Tho. Gibbons, of One Messuage, and Lands, in J3

Broughton, of [the yearly Value of ] 26/. which Premises stand seized into lier Majesty's Hands: And that it w as further found, that the said Thomas Whitley was possessed of a Mare, and other Goods, which were also seized into her Majesty's Hands.

And that by Proceedings in Chancery it does appear (by the Bill, and Answer) that Robert Whitley, Esquire, Father of the Petitioner, by Indenture, dated the 30th of May, 16,51, did mortgage, by Lease for 500 Years, several Lands and Tenements, in the County of Flint, to Sir 'fheophilus Biddulph, for securing the Payment of the Sum of 2,200l. and Interest; and that the said Money, mentioned in the Proviso of that Deed, was not paid by the Day,- which was afterwards assigned over to Ralph Whitley, in Trust for Roger Whitley, who was the Petitioner's Fatiier's elder Brother.

And that by the said Bill, and Answer, it appeared, that by Indentures of Lease and Release, dated the 26th and 27th Days of July, in the 29th Year of the Ileign of King Charles the 2d, the same Lands were conveyed in Fee to the said Roger Whitley, and his Heirs, by the said Robert Whitley (who was the Petitioner's Father) for securing the Payment of 2,200l. with Interest at 61. per Cent, at certain Days therein mentioned, being for the same Sum of Money, for which the Term for Years was assigned, as above-mentioned.

And that the 1st of March, 1683, the said Roger, and Thomas Whitley the Petitioner, stated and adjusted their Accounts, for the Mortgage-money, Interest, and other Moneys lent him, which were let into that Security, the Sum of 4,018/. 141. which is since increased, by Interest, to above 5,000l. over and above what they have received in Part of Satisfaction of that Debt; and this Security was devised, by the said Roger Whitleys Will, to the Lady Mattwaring, his Executrix, in Trust for her Two Daughters, Charlotte and Eliz. who hath commenced the said Suit in Chancery.

And that the said Estate for Life, of 50/. per Annum, came to the Petitioner's said Wife by a former Husband; which stands seized by the Extent, as aforesaid.

And that it appeared by Mr. Pulford, Bailiff to the Petitioner, and other Evidence, who very well know the Petitioner's Estate, that he has no other, but what is mortgaged, as aforesaid; and that they believe the said Mortgage to be a just Debt, and knew of no Interest, that ever was paid thereon: That the Value of die Estate in Possession is no more than 200l. per Annum, the Estate in Lease for Lives, 100l. per Annum, the reserved Rents of which are about 5 or 6/. per Annum; and likewise stands charged over and above the said Mortgage, with a Charge of 250/. Charity, for Poor's Bread, an Annuity of 8/. per Annum, a Chief-rent, of 1 /. 6s. 8 to Sir Wm. Glynn, and One other Chief-rent, of 7/. o j. per Annum to Mr. Davies, of Cllanog.

That it likewise appeared to the Committee, that the Petitioner's Father was long imprisoned, in adhering to the Crown, and paid 1,000l. Composition, which was Part of the first 2,000 /. Mortgage-Money; and that several Receipts had been sent for the same, under one Captain Ball's Hands, who was an Oliverian Captain.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to hnpower the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being; to compound with the said Thomas Whitley, One of the Sureties for Morgan Whitley, Esquire, Receiver-general for the County of Chester, and North Wales; and that the Lord William Powlett, Mr. Shackerly, and Mr. Clayton, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

thanked.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the Thanks of Duke of this House be given to his Grace the Duke of Marlbo- Marshoroujk rough, for the eminent Services he has performed to her Majesty, and this Kingdom, as well in the glorious Victories, which have been obtained by the Arms of her Majesty, and her Allies, under his Grace's Command,. as

also

( ] Those Words are supplied from the original Report.

4

3 Ann.

i 4° — 150 Decembrii.

459

leave for Motion.

Button

making

Occasional

Conformity.

Sophisticating Wines.

Poor Relief.

also for his prudent Negotiations with several Princes and States.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed, to attend his Grace, and, in the Name of this House, to congratulate his safe Arrival, and to give him the said Thanks of this House:

And it is referred to Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Bromley, Mr. , Sir Rich. Onslow, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Roger Mostyn, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Freeman, Lord Marquis Sir

Hum. Mackworth, Lord Wm. Rowlett, Mr. Gery,

Colonel Stanhope, Mr. HunSir Tho. Pelham, Sir Edw. Hussey, Sir Tho. Earl of Dysert,

Colonel Stringer, Mr Grevile, Colonel Walpole.

Ordered, That Mr. Cesar have Leave to make a Motion, it being after One a Clock.

And he made a Motion accordingly.

Resolved, That the Orders of the Day be read.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for the making more effectual an Act, made in the loth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, bo as to restrain the making of Buttons of Horns, Horse-hoofs, Berries, and such-like Materials;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the ingrossed Bill, for preventing occasional Conformity, to be read the Third time;

The Bill was read the Third time accordingly:

And Amendments were proposed to be made thereunto:

P. . L. to leave out " nor," and insert " or" instead thereof, in Two Places.

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

And the Question being put, That the Bill do pass;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth.

TeUersforthe } '7 *

Teller, for the Noee, "- ] .31.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Title be, An Act for preventing occasional Conformity.

Ordered, That Mr. Bromley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Resolved, That this House'will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee fof the whole House ] upon the Bill, for preventing the Sophistication of Wines.

Resolved, That this House w ill, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill, for the better Relief, Employment, and Settlement, of the Poor.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 15 diDecembris;

Mr. Comptroller reported, that the Committee ap- Duke of pointed, had waited upon his Grace the Duke of Marlborough, and given him the Thanks of this House, and to

congratulated his Arrival, as they were directed and the Vote of that thereupon his Grace was pleased to say to this Thank . Effect:

IT is a great Satisfaction to me, to find, that my faithful Endeavours, in discharging my Duty to the Queen, and to the Publick, are so favourably accepted.

I beg Leave to take this Opportunity of doing Justice to a great Body of Officers, and Soldiers, who accompanied me in this Expedition, and all behaved themselves with the greatest Bravery imaginable: And I am Sure, this Honour, done us by the House of Commons, in taking so much Notice of it, will give a general Satisfaction and Encouragement to the whole Army.

Sir Thomas Littleton (according to Order) presented to 5chool for the House a Bill, to settle the Estate of Lewis Maidwell, NavlBalw" Esquire, towards the Foundation and Maintenance of a publick Mathematical School, for the better Education and Improvement of Youth in the Art of Navigation, with such further Provisions, and Enlargements, as may render it most effectual for the Service of the Publick; and the same was received.

A Petition of Robert Briscoe, in the Custody of the Ser- Privilege — jeant at Arms, for a Crime, in suffering the Writ, for A ' rson electing a Knight of the Shire for the County of Westmore- joucharge land, to come into the Hands eif a Candidate, before it 8 came to the proper Officer, was presented to the House, and read; whereby he acknowledged his Offence; and prayed to be discharged from his Confinement.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Briscoe be brought to the Bar Tomorrow Morning, in order to his Discharge.

'the House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Ways am) Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways Means, and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, prohibited of all prohibited East India Goods, that have been East India exported, and to what Places, for the Year, ending at Goods. Michaelmas last.

Ordered, That the said Account be laid before this House by the Commissioners of the Customs.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Supply Bill; ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Walt Duue . House, to consider further of the Bill, for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for One Year.

3 Annas

Praters.

Guy's Estate. A BILL, for the more speedy Payment of the Debts ‘ Jr\l of Thomas Guy, Gentleman, deceased, and vesting

his Estate in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of his Debts, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

[ ] T hese Words arc supplied from the printed Votes,

VOL. 14.

Ordered, That Mr. James Bertie, Sir Willoughby Hick- Wicks' Debt man, Mr. Henry Bertie, Sir Cha. Barrington, Mr. Robert to the Crown. Bertie, Mr. Stonehouse, Mr. Drake, Mr. be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Michael Wicks, Esquire, is referred.

Ordered, That Sir GilbertHeatkcot, Watch-Sir Robert Clayton, Mr, Moncton, Sir John Thor old, Mr. "raking.

v

4<So 150 — i6a

Wentworth, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill, for the further Encouragement of the new Art of applying precious and more common Stones, for the greater Perfection of Watches, Clocks, and other Engines, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 16 die Decembris;

3 Anna Regina.

Craters.

Pile's Estate. A PETITION of Sir Seymour Pile, Baronet, was JLX. presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that v the Petitioners Estate in Axford, in the County of , was left very much incumbered by his Father with Brother and Sisters Portions, which are much increased by growing Interest: That the said Estate was settled, so incumbered, on the Petitioner, and his Wife, and their Issue, Male; and they have been married many Years, and have none, and have now an Opportunity of selling the said Estate to so good an Advantage, as to pay the said Incumbrances, and' with the overplus Purchase-money buy an Estate, of near the same Value: And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for Sale of the Petitioner's said Estate at Axford, with the Consent of his Wife, and Trustees, for discharging the Incumbrances thereon, and for investing the Surplus-money, arising by the said Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the Uses in the former Settlement, or any other Use, for the greater Advantage of his Family.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Robert Bertie and Mr. Gery do prepare, and bring in, the Bilk

Gauging of A Petition of the Maltsters, inhabiting in and near the Malt. Borough of New Woodstock, in the County of Oxon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners are greatly grieved by being overcharged in the Duty upon Malt, by the Incertainty of the Officers taking the Gauge, when steeping; and the Power they now nave, to gauge it at any time, within 48 Hours after it is thrown out of the Cistern, is injurious to the Corn, when it is first growing, and their so gauging it often raises the Duty to 8 d.a Bushel: And praying, that all Gaugers may hereafter take the Gauge within Four Hours after the Water is drained out of the Cistern, and give the Maltster a Charge of the Quantity of every Wetting, and the Money arising the reby; and that the Petitioners Stocks may be exempted from paying as Stock to the Land Tax, as formerly, by reason of the great Duty they pay for Malt

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for One Year, is committed.

D«lve ' The House being informed, that there are some tilings

Estate. discovered to be omitted out of the Bill, to enable Trustees to raise Money, for the Payment of the De' ts of Mark Delves, late of Cheriton-bisho in the County of Devon, Esquire, deceased, by Sale of some Part of his Estate, or by setting, letting, and leasing, thereof, during the Minority of Mark Delves, his only Son and Heir, since the , Committee went through the Bill;

Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed to the same Committee; and that the Committee be revived.

Williams' Mr. Lloyd reported from the Committee, to whom the Estate. Bill, for the Sale of several. Manors and Lands in the Counties of Hereford, Radnor, and Brecknock, for Payment of the Debts of Richard and Thomas Williams, late of Cabalva, in the County of Radnor, Esquires, deceased,

Decembris. A. 1704.

was committed; that they had considered the Petition referred; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned have given their Consents to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Briscoe, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, at Privilege — tending this House, was (according to Order) brought to a p r,°n the Bar; where he, upon his Knees, received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker. charged.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Briscoe be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Mr. St. John (according to Order) presented to the Recruiting House a Bill, for the better recruiting her Majesty's Land Land Forces, Forces, and the Marines; and the same was received, arid &c read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read the Second time upon Tuesday Morning next.

The Lord William Powlett (according to Order) pre- Cobb' Debt sented to the House a Bill, to impower the Lord High to the Crown. Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for tire Time being, to compound with Richard Cobb, Esquire, One of the Sureties of Thomas Cobb, Gentleman, deceased, who was a Receiver-general for the County of Southampton, and Isle of JVight; and the same was received.

A Petition of Colonel John Rice was presented to the Col. Rice's House, and read; setting forth, that, upon the Surrender Claims, of Limerick, upon the Encouragement given the Petitioner by the Lords Justices of Ireland, and the General of the English Army, the Petitioner (then having the Command of a Regiment of Horse in the Army) rejected the great Offers made him by Monsieur tire General of the Irish Army, for carrying the said Regiment into France,joined the English Army, upon the publick Faith then given him, and was mustered, and had Winter-quarters, Money, and Forage, given them, like other English Regiments; and some time after his Regiment was disbanded, and their Horses, Arms, and Accoutrements, taken from them, for his late Majesty's Use; and, upon stating the Accounts of the said Regiment by the Commissioners in Ireland, there is due to them, for Arrears of Pay, 8,110/. 6d. as by

Certificates, annexed to the Petition, besides the Value of their Horses and Accoutrements: That the Petitioner applied to the Commissioners of Accounts for the Army in England, but they refused to meddle therewith, thinking themselves not sufficiently impowered by the Act for constituting them, though the Petitioner laid before them the Opinion of Sir Edward Northey, the Attorney-general, that they had a Power: And praying, that, in regard of his great Services, and Losses, for the Crow n of England, he may have such Satisfaction, as the House shall think reasonable.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition he referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Percixall, Esquire, and others, was referred; and that they do examine the Matter, and state the Fact to the House.

Sir Francis Massam reported from the Committee, to Bowman whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Henry Bozeman, was committed; that they had examined the same; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

A Bill

Mm

Biddulph's Debt to the Crown.

Drake s, &c. Debt to the Crown.

Nightly

Watch.

leave of Absence.

Hoopers

Estate.

Ways and Means

3 Ann.

i6° Decem

A Bill to impower the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with Sir Michael BiddulphBaronet, One of the Sureties of Morgan Whitley, Esquire, Receiver General for the Counties of Cheater and North Wales, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dybt, Mr. Knatchbull, Lord Powlet, Sir Robert Eden, Sir

mund Bacon, Sir Chr.Hales, Sir Gilbert Sir Edward Hussey, Sir JacobAstley, Mr. Mr. Soames,

Mr. Harley, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Palgrave, Mr. Chase, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Crosse, Mr. Pigott, Mr. Bertie, Sir Fra. Massain, Mr. Brewer; and all, that serve for the Counties of Stafford, Derby, Warwick, Kent, Chester, Lancaster, and North and South Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill, to impower the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to compound with John Drake, John Hunton and Edmund Cock, Sureties for Augustine Briggs, Receiver General for the County of Norfolk, and City of Norwich, was read a

Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the same Committee.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for the better regulating the Nightly Watches; and that Sir Math. Dudley, Mr. Serjeant Whitaker, Sir Rickard low, and Mr. Dyot, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Whitaker have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Bill for im powering Anna Hooper, Widow and Executrix of Robert Hooper, late of the Island of Barbadoes, deceased, by mortgaging a Plantation in the Barbadoes, or so much thereof, as shall be requisite, to raise 5,00a/. and thereby to pay, or secure, the Debts, owing by the said Robert Hooper at the time of his Death, yet remaining unpaid, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bracer, Sir John Packington, Mr. Stringer, Sir Isaac Rebaw, Mr. King, Mr. Smithson, Mr. Mr. Blofeild, Sir

Math. Dudley, Sir Robert Eden, Sir Fra. Mr.

Fagg, Sir Fra. Lee, Mr. Comyns, Mr. Harvey, Sir Tho. Davall, Sir Fra.Child, Mr. Clayton, Colonel Yates, Colonel Lee, Sir Wm. Danes, Sir John Wynn, Mr. Rudge, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Moor: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, w ho were to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk s Table; where the same were read, and are, as follow:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards the Supply to be granted to her Majesty, the several Duties, which were granted to his late Majesty King William the Third (of glorious Memory) by an Act of the 12th Year of his lteign (intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several Duties upon low Wines, or Spirits of the first Extraction, and continuing several additional Duties upon Coffee, Tea, Chocolate, Spices, and Pictures, and certain Impositions upon Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, and the Duty of Fifteen per Cent, upon Muslins, and for improving the Duties upon japanned and lacquered Goods, and for continuing the Coinage Duty,. for the several Terms and Purposes therein mentioned) be continued, from the Expiration of the present Terms in the said Duties respectively, until the 24th Day of June 1710.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards the Supply granted to her Majesty, further Duties be laid upon Coffee, Cocoa-nuts, Clwcolate, Co-

Vo l. 14.

coa-paste, Ted, Spites, and Pictures, to be imported, over and above the present Duties, and over and above the Duties to be continued thereon.

Resolved, That it i9 the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said further Duties on Coffee, Cocoa-nuts, Chocolate, Coeoa-paste, Tea, Nutmegs, Cinnamon, Cloves,

Mace, and Pictures, be as much, as were laid upon those Commodities respectively by the said Act of the 12th Year of his late Majesty's Reign, to be paid by the Importer, oyer and above all Duties payable for the said Commodities by any Law now in force, and over and above the said Duties to be continued thereupon.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That all the said further Duties be granted to her Majesty from the 25th Day of December, 1704, until the 24th of June, 1710; and that the Stock of Coffee in the Hands of any Merchant, Drugster,- or Wholesale Dealer, be liable to the said Duties.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards the Supply granted to her Majesty, a further Duty be laid upon all white Callicoes imported.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said further Duty be Fifteen Pounds per Cent, according to the Value thereof upon the Sale at the Candle.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said further Duty upon w hite Callicoes be granted, to- her Majesty from the 25th Day of December, 1704, until the 24th of June, 1710.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards the Supply granted to her Majesty, a further Duty be laid upon Porcelain, commonly called China-ware, imported.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said further Duty be Twelve Pounds per Centum on the Value thereof, to be ascertained upon the Sale at the Candle.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said further Duty upon Porcelain, called China-ware, be granted to her Majesty from the 25 th Day of December, 1704, until the 24th of June, 1710.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards the Supply granted to her Majesty, a further Duty be laid upon all rated Drugs imported, except Drugs for Dying.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said further Duty upon rated Drugs be 'Pen Pounds per Centum, according to the Valuation thereof in the Book of Rates.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said further Duty upon all unrated [«r] Drugs (except Dying Drugs) be granted to her Majesty from the 25th Day of December, 1704, until the 24th of June, 1710.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards the Supply granted to her Majesty, a further Duty be laid upon all unrated Drugs imported, except Drugs for Dying.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said further Duty upon unrated Drugs imported, be Four Pounds per Centum, according to the Value thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, -That the said further Duty upon all unrated Drugs imported (except Dying Drugs) be granted to her Majesty from the 25th Day of December, 1704, until the 24th of June, 1710.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions; and that Mr. Conyers, Mr. Solicitor General,

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Loicndes, and Mr. Brewer, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Irish Hospi-whom the Petition of John Pe Esquire, and ul Arrears.

[a] This Word is, by Mistake, here written both in the Journal, and the original Report, instead of " rated."

6 A others.

Scotland — Security against certain Acts

Committees,

Dun

Navigation.

Ditto.

Ditto.

462 160 — 18° Decembris. A. 1704.

others, was referred, be taken into Consideration upon this Day Seven-night.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Heads for a Bill, for the effectual securing the Kingdom of England from the apparent Dangers, that may arise from several Acts, lately passed in the Parliament of Scotland,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr.' Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Heads for a Bill, for the effectual securing the Kingdom of England from the apparent Dangers, that may arise from several Acts, lately passed in the Parliament of Scotland.

OrderedThat all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna, 18" die Decembris;

3° Annas Regina.

Praters.

A PETITION of the Captains of Ships, Masters, Mates, and Owners of the Ships and Keels, Rope-makers, Sail-makers, Mariners, and other Inhabitants, of West Siockwith and Misserton,in the County of Nottingham, and of East Stoclcwith, Kennatl Ferry, and wick, in the County of Lincolne,was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners, and Inhabitants thereabquts, chiefly are maintained by the Navigation of the River Trent, and employ above 50 Ships in conveying Malt, Milestones, and other Commodities, outofJDer-byshire to the River Humber, and thence to London, Holland, and other Ports, and are mostly conveyed to those Ships by Boats from Bawtry; and the Petitioners are sensible, that, if the Bill, depending in the House, for making and keeping the River Dun, in the County of York, more navigable and passable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, should pass, more of her Majesty s Subjects will receive Prejudice, than Advantage, thereby: And praying to be heard by Counsel against the said BUI.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, to be taken into Consideration upon the Second Reading of the said Bill.

A Petition of the Freeholders, Tenants, and Inhabitants of Aathorp, Keadley, Amcoats, and was

presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners, and divers other neighbouring Towns, foreseeing the great Inconveniencies, that will befal them, in case the Bill, depending in the House, for making and keeping the River Dun, in the County of York, more navigable and passable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, should take Effect, they pray to be heard by Counsel against the same.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, to be taken into Consideration upon the Second Reading of the said Bill.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Traders, and Inhabitants, of and in the Town and Parish field, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Bill, depending in the House, for making and keeping the River Dun, in the said County, more pavigable and passable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, will... a general Good to the Publick, by the Increase of Trade and Navigation, and the cheaper Conveyance of Goods 1

to Hull, and London: And praying, that the said Bill may pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, to be taken into Consideration upon the Second Reading of the said Bill.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Traders, Dun and Inhabitants, of the Market Town of , and Navigation.

Parts adjacent, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the making the River Dun, in the said County, navigable, will be a great Advantage to the Country adjoining the reunto, not only for the cheaper sending their Corn down the said River to Hull, for Transportation, but also for the cheaper Return of Goods and Merchandize, which they now receive by Land-carriage, many Miles below Doncaster: And praying, that the Bill depending in the House, for making and keeping the said River more navigable and passable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, at the Charges of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of Doncaster, and such other Persons, as will undertake the same, may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, to be taken into Consideration upon the Second Reading of the said Bill.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Traders, and Ditto, Inhabitants, of the ancient Town and Parish of Rotheram, in the West Riding of the County of , was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the passing of the Bill, depending in the House, for making and keeping the River Dun, in the County of York, more navigable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, will be of general Advantage to all the neighbouring Country, by the cheaper,

Carriage of their Commodities to and fro, especially Lead and Corn: And praying, that the said Bill may pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, to be taken into Consideration upon the Second Reading of the said Bill.

A Petition of the Clock-makers and Watch-makers in \vatcli-and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Li- making, berries thereof, on behalf of themselves, and all the Watchmakers and Clock-makers throughout the Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Bill, depending in the House, for the farther Encouragement of the new Art or Invention of working and applying of precious and more common Stones, for tire greater Perfection of Watches, Clocks, and other Engines, is founded upon false Pretences, and, if it should pass, will greatly prejudice the Petitioners Trades in general: And praying to be heard by Counsel against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is' committed; and that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, if they think fit, before the Committee, thereupon.

A Bill, for vesting an Estate, mortgaged in Fee- by Bur's Estate. Thomas Bur to Anthony Tomkins (now in Infants) in Trustees, to re-convey the Estate to the said 77Bur, or as he shall appoint, upon Payment of all the Moneys due on the said Mortgage, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gulston,

Sir Samuel Garret, Mr. Cesar, Mr. Gape, Mr. Freeman,

Mr. Lee, Mr. Crosse, Sir Robert Dovers, Sir Fra. Mas-

sam, Mr. Hoblyn, Sir Tho. Worth, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Drake, Mr. AruMr. Sir Robert Eden, Mr Curson, Sir Tho. Hunmcrc, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Take, Mr. Halsey, Mr. Gorges, Mr.

Monson, Mr. Dryden, Mr. Snell;and all, that serve for the Counties of Essex and Suffolk And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Heine (according to Order) presented to the Regulating House, a Bill, for enlarging the Number, and regulating, Biokers. of Brokers; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill,

3 Ann. 18° — 190

School for A Bill to settle the Estate of Lewis , Esquire,

Navigation, towards the Foundation and Maintenance of a publick Mathematical School, for the better Education and Improvement of Youth in the Art of Navigation, with such further Provisions and Enlargements, as may render it most effectual for the Service of the Publick, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Supply Bill; The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Malt Duties, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill, for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for One Year;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning, the Eighth Day of January next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Exporting Ordered, That the Bill, to suffer John Mascall, Gentle-Prize Goods. man, to export several Prize Goods into foreign Parts, now in Amity with her Majesty, be read a Second time upon Tuesday, the Ninth Day of January next.

Punishing A Petition of the Grand Jury, Citizens, and Shop-Burglary. keepers, of the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Punishment of Felons convict of Theft, or Petty Larceny, by burning them in the Cheek, hath been found by Experience not tb have the intended Effect, such Punishment having not dnly made them incapable of being admitted into any Service, or Employment, but has hardened them, and made them desperate: That the Petitioners are of Opinion, that if instead of burning in the Cheek, such Criminals should be confined to 9ome Work-house, there to be kept to hard Labour for a Year, for the First Offence, for the Second Offence, Two Years, and for the Third Offence, to suffer Death, it would more effectually prevent their wicked Practices: And praying, Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for altering the Punishment accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for the Alteration of the Punishment of burning in the Cheek, into some other Punishment, that may be more effectual; and also to consider of a Reward, for apprehending such, as are guilty of Burglary, and felonious burning of Houses:

And it is referred to Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Boyle, Sir Godfrey Copley, Mr. Clayton, Sir Wm. St. Quin tin, Mr. Cowper Mr. Manley, Mr. Mr.

Hoblyn, Sir Math. DudMr. , Sir Jos. Mr. Shepherd, Mr. Ettrick, Mr. Foley, Mr. How, Mr. Harley, Mr. Moor, Mr. Burrard, Mr. Coke, Mr Mr. Palmer, Mr. Byerl, Mr. Mansell, Sir Fra. Child, Mr: Ogle, Sir Sam. Garret, Mr. Herne, Sir Gilbert Heathcot, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Pagitt, Mr. Varney, Sir Brian Stapleton, Mr. Curson, Mr. Mr. Rowney,

Mr. Crosse, Mr. Dyott, Mr. Cocks, and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe, to prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of some more effectual Way to prevent Deer-stealing, than is already provided.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of some more effectual Way to prevent the Destruction of Timber-trees.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do prepare, and bring in, a Bill, or Bills.

Le«v of Ordered, That Mr. Burrard have Leave to go into Absence. the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Importing Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for Naval Stores, the effectual encouraging the Importation of Naval Stores from her Majesty's Plantations in America', and that Mr. Secretary Hedges, Sir Sir

Heathcot, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Conyers, do prepare, and bring in; the said Bill.

Supply Bill; A Bill, for raising Moneys, by Sale of several An-Annunies. nuities, for carrying on the present War, was read a Second time.

Vox.. 14.

Decembris.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committed.

A Bill, for the better enforcing the Execution of the clandestine Law, for preventing clandestine Outlawries in personal Outlawries, Actions, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second tune.

A Bill, to impower the Lord High Treasurer, or Com- Cobb's Debt missioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to com- to the Crown. pound with Richard Cobb, Esquire, One of the Sureties of Thomas Cobb, Gentleman, who was a Receiver General for the County of Southampton, and Isle of Wight, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill, for Sale of the Estate of Richard Ball, in Little Ball's Estate. Appulby and Great Appulby, in the Counties of Leicester and Derby, and for laying out so much of the Money as will purchase another Estate of equal Value, to be settled to the same Uses, and the Residue, in making Provision for younger Children, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Stanhope,

Mr. Mansell, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Coke, Mr. Dyot, Sir Jo.Molesworth, Mr. Fleming, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr.

Ogle, Ix>rd Powlett, Sir A ich.Moiris, Mr. Curzon,

Sir Tho. Coke, Mr. Harpur, Sir Fra. Mr.

Gould, Sir Edward Hussey, Mr. Wenticorth; and all, that serve for the Counties of Warwick, Leicester, and Stafford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bowman's for naturalizing Henry Bowman, was read the Third Nat. time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Massam do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment,

Ordered, That Mr. Harvey, Sir Cha. Barrington, Mr. Hatcher' Ogle, Mr. Monsan, Mr. Carteret, Mr. Dashwood, Mr. Estate. Pigott, Sir Humph. Mackworth, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill, for Sale of Part of the Estate of Thomas Hatcher, Esquire, to pay his Debts, and for preventing several Doubts relating to the Execution of several

O # O

Powers in his Marriage Settlement, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 19 die Decembris;

3 Annas Regina.

Prayers.

PETITION of the Deputy Lieutenants, Justices Trmfr? of the Peace, and other Gentlemen, and Freeholders, of the County of Norfolk, in behalf of themselves, and the poor Inhabitants, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners are chiefly supplied by Yarmouth with Sea-coal, imported there for Fuel; and though the Petitioners are great Contributors to the Maintenance of Yarmouth Haven, by Act of Parliament, yet they have made such By-laws, that none, but their own Freemen, shall import Coals there, and they set what excessive Prices upon them they please, to the great Impoverishment of many of the poorer Families: And praying Redress of their Grievances therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Deputy Lieutenants, Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, in the County of Huntington, and the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the County

SfcS'L,

I eave of Absence.,

Ilolford'

Estate.

Ancholm

Drainage.

Pyle's

Estate.

WhitfeilcTs

Estate.

Baines'

EsUie.

Delves

Estate.

19° Decembris.

A. 1704;

County of Bedford, were referred; and that they do examine the Matter, and state the Tact to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Pa/gravehave I eave to go into tho Country, for Three Weeks upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Petition of Thomas Ilolforof in the County of Chester, Esquire, and Mary his Wife, as well for themselves, as on the behalf of Peter their

eldest Son, and Heir, an Infant under the Age of One-and-twenty Years, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner being seised of several Messuages and Tenements in and else-

where, in Cheshire, which are chiefly Reversions after Leases for Lives, under very small Rents, and having Six Children, the Income thereof hath not been sufficient to support his Family, and educate his Children, without contracting some Debts: That the said Estate is of considerable Value, to be sold; but the Petitioner cannot sell it, by reason of a Settlement made on his Marriage; and, unless he be impowered so to do by Act of Parliament, himself and Family must be utterly ruined: And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for Sale of his said Estate, to raise Money, for Payment of his Debts, and purchasing an Estate in Possession of a present yearly Income.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Air. Shackerly, Sir Jacob Astley, and Mr. Dashwood, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Sir John Thorold (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, for the more effectual Execution of an Act of Parliament made in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the 2d, intituled, An Act for confirming of certain Decrees of Sewers, made by the Commissioners for the Limits of the Level of the River Ancholm, in the County of L; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Besotted, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Bertie (according to Order) presented to the House

a Bill, for Sale of an Estate of Sir Seymour Pyle, in A.v ford, for discharging Incumbrances, and for vesting the surplus Money in a Purchase, to be settled to the Uses, in the former Settlement; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Sir John,

Mr. Das/rwood, Mr. Rolls, Mr. Vernon, Mr.

Mr. Gulston, Mr. Jenkins, be added to the Committee,

to whom the Bill for vesting certain Lands and Tenements in Heston, in the County of Middlesex, formerly the Estate of Math. Lister, and Frances his Wife, and Timothy Whitfeihl, and Mary his Wife, in Trustees, to

be sold, for the Purposes in the Bill mentioned, is committed.

Mr. Gulston reported from the Committee, to w'hom the Bill, for Sale of the Estate, late of Edward Baines, for Discharge of a Mortgage thereupon, and making Provision for his Daughters, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they half directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Northmore reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill, to enable Trustees to raise Money for the Payment of the Debts of Mark Delves late of

'3

bishop, in the County of Devon, Esquire, deceased, by Sale of some Part of his Estate, or by setting, letting, and leasing, thereof, during the Minority of Mark Delves, his only Son, and Heir, was re-committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Harvey reported from the Committee, to whom Sand . the Bill, for Sale of Part of the Estate of John Sands, Estate. Esquire, in the County of Surrey, for Payment of his Debts, and for raising a Portion for his Daughter, was committed, that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Land Owners, and Holland, 4c. Inhabitants, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Laud Tax. Lincoln, ou behalf of themselves, and other Land Owners there, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that by an Act of Parliament, made in the Qth and 10th Year of his late Majesty's Reign, the Sum of ,54,169/. 175. 9 d.was charged upon the w hole County of Lincolne, being Three-fourths of the Land Tax raised in the Year 169 -; but the Commissioners could not agree about rating the several Divisions of the County,

Lindsey, Kestcven, and Holland', by which means a Deficiency has happened upon the County: That Kes-teven has petitioned the House, praying, their Case may be taken into Consideration; therefore the Petitioners pray, that their Case may likewise be considered, they having paid their full Three-fourths of the said Sum, and the Deficiency arising in Lindsey Division, the Petitioners ought not (as they conceive) to pay any Part thereof.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, and Freeholders, inhabiting in the Parts of Kcsteven, in the County of Lincolne, on the behalf of themselves, and others, is referred.

A Petition of George Hume, Corporal, and Thom. Dun- Army can, private Man, in behalf of themselves, and the non- Arrears, commissioned Officers, and private Men, that served in the late Reduction of Ireland, under the Command of the Honourable Brigadier Woolsley,since deceased, in his Regiment of Innisk tiling Horse, was presented to the

House, and read; setting forth, that the said Regiment, having done many signal Services before the Reduction of Ireland,were, on the 1st of January, 1689, settled on the English Establishment, and so continued until the 1st of January, 1691; and in March following the Regiment's Accounts were stated by Commissioners in Ireland; and, after all Deductions, there appeared due to each particular Man a considerable Sum of Money: That in 1702 Captain Richard Woolsley, without sufficient Authority, passed the said Regiment's Accounts with the Commissioners, for that Purpose appointed by Act of Parliament; in which Account the Regiment is charged, with 8,920/. 5?. 10 d.for Recruit Horses (though

every

Call of the House.

Button

making.

Sophisticating Wines.

Poor Relief.

Recruiting Land forces.

Justices of Peace Qualification.

Scotland — Security against certain Actl« /

3 Ann. 19® — ao Decembris. 465

every Man brought in his own Horse, and never had any from the King) and also with several thousand Pounds for Subsistence, more than was ever actually paid; and yet, after all those unjust Deductions, there appeared due to the non-commissioned Officers, and private Men, the Sum of 17,632/. for which William -and

Ephraim Dawson, as Agents, received Debentures; who have not answered above 9,0001, to the said Regiment, converting the Remainder, being above 8,000 L to their own Use, upon Pretence of Agency, and other unjust Demands: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee, to examine the Matter, touching the Money, alleged to be with-held from the Petitioners, due by the said Debentures, and state the Fact to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Moor, Colonel Colchester, Mr. Haw, Mr. Cesar, Lid. Co Mr. Bromley, Sir Tho. Pelham, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Clayton, Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. Boscawen, Sir Roger Mostyn, Sir Gilbert

Dolben, Mr. Solicitor-general, Mr. Annesley, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Rowncy, Mr. Shackerley, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Scobell, Sir Just. Isham, Sir Tho. Meers, Sir John Bland,. Mr. Gulston, Sir Sir Robert

Davers, Mr. Jennens, Mr. Manley, Mr. Bertie, Mr. JVyld,

Mr. Hoblyn: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned until Tuesday, the Ninth Day of January next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday, the Ninth Day of January next (after the Call of the House) resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for the making more effectual an Act, made in the 10th Year of his late Majesty's Reign, so as to restrain the making of Buttons of Horns, Horse-hoofs, Berries, and such-like Materials.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday come Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for the preventing the Sophistication of Wines.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill, for the better Relief, Employment, and Settlement, of the Poor.

whole House, to consider further of Heads for a Bill, for the effectual securing the Kingdom of England from the apparent Dangers, that may arise from several Acts, lately passed in the Parliament of Scotland.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 20 die Decembris;

3 Annas Regina.

Praters.

THE Lord William Powlett (according to Order) Whitley's presented to the House a Bill, to impower the Debt to the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, rown for the Time being, to compound with Thomas Whitley,

Esquire, One of the Sureties for Morgan Whitley, Esquire, late Receiver-general for the County of Chester, and North Wales; and the same was received, and reajl the '

First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill, for making the River Stower navigable from stowerNavi-the Town of Mainingtree, in the County of Essex, to gation. the Town of Sudbury, in die County of Suffolk, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Gervas Elwes, Sir Mathew Dudley, Sir Tho. Hales, Mr. Brewer,

Colonel Lee, Sir Robert Dovers, Earl of Dysert, Sir Tho.

Wroth, Sir Dudly Cullum, Mr. Maisters, Mr. Palmes,

Mr. Mountague, Sir Jacob Banks, Mr. Mr.

Wentworth, Sir Tho. Meers, Mr. Gery, Mr. Bridgman,

Mr. Grevill;and all, that serve for the Counties of

Suffolk and Essex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir John Mordant (according to Order) presented to Warburton' the House a Bill, to enable Sir George Warburton, Estate. Baronet, by Sale of the Manor or Lordship of Pulford, in the County of Chester, to perform an Agreement, made at his Marriage, for satisfying several Portions charged on his Estate, and also to pay some Debts, which his Father had Power to charge; and the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Bray have Leave to go into the Leave of Country, for Recovery of his Health. Absemce.

- A' Bill for the better recruiting her Majesty's Land Forces, and the Marines, was (according to Order) read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday, the Ninth Day of January next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, for the Qualification of Justices of the Peace;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tehe ortteY lf — - ,o5.

Tellers for the ]i56.

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for the Qualification of Justices of Peace; and that Mr. John, Sir Thomas Hanmer, Mr. Sir Richard

Onslow, and Mr. Walpole, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday next, at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the

Ordered, That Sir Edmund Bacon have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Petition of Marguirita Cecilia Cadogan, Wife of Cadogan'# Brigadier Cadogan, was presented to the House, and Nat. read; setting forth, that by reason of the Petitioner's Marriage she is intitled to the Benefit of a considerable Sum of Money, to be laid out in Lands here in England; but, being born out of her Majesty's Dominions, it is necessary, she should be naturalized, for the safe Enjoyment thereof; and she, being a Protestant, is ready to do all Thing? proper for that Purpose: And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for such her Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr.

St. John, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Colonel Stanhope, and Mr.

Craggs, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Serge- Monopolizing makers, Clothiers, and Farmers, of the Borough and irish Wool. Towns of Wiveliscomb and Milverton, and other Parts adjacent, within the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that some few Persons (Buyers of Serges, on Commission, for Foreigners) are projecting to ingross into their Hands the Wool of Ireland; which will be to the great Prejudice of the

6 B Trade

466 so® Decembris. . 1704.

Trade of this Kingdom: And praying Relief against the said growing Grievance.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter, and report the same to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Mr. Brewer,

Sir Tho. Hales, Sir John Mordant, Sir Wroth, Mr.

Take, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Musgrav Sir Geo. Warburton, Mr. Gulston, Mr. Palmer, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr. An-

nesley, Mr. Roberts, Mr Bridgma, Sir Jacob Banks', and

all, that serve for the Counties of Devon, Dorset, Cornwall, and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, together with the Merchants and Traders, of the Borough and Staple Port of Bridgewater, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that since Ireland hath been prohibited to transport their Woollen Manufactory, but to England only, a few Buyers of the WooHen Cloths, employed by Foreigners, are endeavouring to monopolize the Iri Wool into their Hands,

to the great Detriment of Trade, the Ruin of all the Staple Ports for Wool, the Obstruction to the Sales of Gentlemen's and Farmers Wool of this Kingdom, and the Oppression of the Manufacturers: And praying, that this Grievance may be prevented for the future.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Farmers, Wool-merchants, Serge-makers, and other Inhabitants, of the Town and Parish of Cullumpton, in the County of Devon, and Parishes adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that a few Buyers of Serges by Commission, for Foreigners, are endeavouring to ingross into their Hands all the Wool of Ireland, to the Ruin of all the Staple Ports, and fair Markets for Wool, and the Oppression of the Manufacturers thereof: And praying, that this House will take this growing Grievance into Consideration, so as to remedy the same.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee.

A Petition of the Justices of Peace, Gentlemen, Farmers, Merchants, Serge-makers, and Traders in the Woollen Manufacture, of the Town and Borough of Minehead, in the County of Somerset, and Places adjacent, wras presented to the'House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners are greatly oppressed, by reason of some Persons, who are projecting (and already have greatly projected) to engross to themselves the Wool of Ireland,to the Prejudice of our Woollen Manufactures and Manufacturers, the Ruin of the Staple Ports and Markets for Wool, and the Obstruction to the Sales of Gentlemen and Farmers Wool of this Kingdom: And praying, that the said growing Grievances may be redressed.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee.

A Petition of the Wool-merchants, Serge-makers, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants of the Towns of Dulverton and Bampton, within the Counties of Somerset and Devon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that a few Persons in this Kingdom, Buyers of Serges on Commission, for Foreigners, are projecting to get into their Hands the Wool of Ireland, to the Prejudice of the Woollen Trade, and the Manufacturers therein, and the Ruin of all the Staple Ports for Wool: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee.

A Petition of the Mayor, Master, and Burgesses, Serge-makers, and other the Inhabitants of her Majesty's ancient Borough of Bin the County of Devon, was presented to the House and read; setting forth, that some Factors in those Parts do buy up and engross great Quantities of Irish Wool, and afterwards sell it again here to the Serge-makers, at what Rates they 3

please, or else thd Factors refuse to buy off their Serges which tends to the great Oppression of the Manufacturers: And praying, that their said growing Grievances may be remedied.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Weld have Leave to go into the Leave of Country, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

A Bill, to enable Sir George Warburton, Baronet, by Warburton' Sale of the Manor or Lordship of in the County Estate,

of Chester, to perform an Agreement, made. at his Marriage, for satisfying several Portions charged on his Estate, and also to pay some Debts, which his Father had Power to charge, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That Mr. Brewer, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. ir-lsh Hospi-Manley, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Hamond Mr. James, Mr. ul Arrear . Tredenham, Mr. Harley, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Percivall, Esquire, William Taylor, and others, Officers and Servants, employed in the Hospitals of the Army in Ireland in the Year 1690, is referred.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Promisiory whom the Bill, for giving the like Remedy upon Notes, >»ote . promising the Payment of Money, as is now used upon Bills of Exchange, was committed, be made upon the Eleventh Day of January next.

Colonel Colchester reported from the Committee, to Scudamore's whom the Bill, for vesting the Estate of Ambrose Estate.

more, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of the Mortgage-money and Debts thereupon, and for placing out the Residue of the Money at Interest, or vesting it in a Purchase, to the Use of Ann Scudamore, Widow, for her Life, and after to William Scudamore, eldest Son of tue said Ambrose Scudamore, deceased, his Heir9, Executors or Administrators, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Gztyn reported from the Committee, to whom the Lord Bill, to enable the Right Honourable John Lord Poulett, Poulett' and Bridget Lady Poulett, his Wife, with the Consent Estate' of their Trustees to sell their Shares and Interest of and in certain Manors and Lands in the County of Kent, and to purchase other Lands or Hereditaments, of the like Value, to be settled to the same Uses, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned bad given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; were the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard, and Doctor Edisbury:

Mr.

by

.dk i

5 Ann. 2o° — £t° 457

Mr. Speaker,

Haccb.'s The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Estate to enable Agnes Hacche, Widow, and other Trustees, to make Leases, and sell Lands in the County of Devon, for the Payment of the Debts and Legacies of Robert Hacche, Esquire, deceased, and for the Maintenance and Advancement of his Daughters Portions, without any Amendment

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ways and Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Fort-lleans. night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Supply Bill; The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Annuities, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for raising Moneys, by Sale of several Annuities, for carrying on the present War;

Ernes', &c. A Petition of Fcrwke Ernes, Gentleman, Tho.

Petition. diston, Gentleman, Mary Gibson, Widow, Eliz. Ernes,

Mary Highstreet, and Beaumont Mary Gibson, Spinsters, was presented to the House and read; and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then the House (according to Order) resolved itself ipto the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made seveiv.l Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Friday Morning next

Union with A Message from the Lords, by the Lord Chief Baron

Scotland. Ward, and Mr. Justice Tracy:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners, to treat of an Union between England \ind Scotland, and for preventing the Inconveniencies, that may arise from divers Laws, lately made in Scotland; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read Tomorrow, in a full House.

Committee . Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

> Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 21# die Decembris', 3 Annas Regime.

Praters.

said 600l. per Annum, to the Lord James's Content:

That the Duke never had a Fifth Son, nor is likely ever to have such; and the Petitioners are desirous to raise Money, by Mortgage of the said Lands in Suffolk, for Payment of Debts; but no Person will lend thereon, for fear of the Possibility of the Duke's having a Fifth, or other younger, Son: And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to vest in Trustees the said Manors and Lands in Suffolk, to enable them to mortgage the same, for Payment of Debts, and to settle the same to the like Uses, as the same are now settled.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr,

Walpole, Mr. Moncton, and Sir Joseph do pre-

pare) and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of the Jewellers, Diamond-cutters, Lapi- Watch-daries, Seal-cutters, Engravers in Stone, and others deal- ma""8‘ ing in Jewels, and precious Stones, and more common Stones, in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, was presented tq the House, and read; setting forth, that they conceive, the Bill, now in the House for the further Encouragement of the new Art or Invent tion of working and applying of precious and more common Stones, for the greater Perfection of Watches,

Clocks, and other Engines, will, in a great measure, infringe upon the Petitioners in their several Arts and Trades, and abridge them of working and applying Jewels and Stones m many Things: And praying, that they may be heard by Counsel against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of William Trafford, Esquire, and Clare Tr»fford'» his Wife, and William Trafford, Gentleman, their eldest Estate. Son, in the behalf of themselves, and the younger Children of the said William and Clare Trafford, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, upon tire said Petitioners Marriage Settlement in 1677, the Manors and Lands therein mentioned (interat) were settled on Trustees, to raise Portions for younger Children after the Death of their Father; so that they can have nothing till then, which was a Mistake, although most of them are, or will soon be, of Age, and have no Provision;

That the Petitioner, the eldest Son, has agreed to raise and pay the said Portions in his Father's Life-time, as he shall appoint, and to pay his Father and Mother certain Annuities for Life, so as the settled Estate may be settled on him, and his Heirs; which will be an Advantage to the younger Children: And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for raising Portions-for the said younger Children, and settling Annuities on the Father and Mother, and settling their Estate upon the said eldest Son.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr.

Pagett and Mr. Dyot do prepare, and bring in, the BUI.

Leave of ffsRDERED, That Mr. James have

Ahunce. " Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Praed have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Duke of A Petition of William Duke of Devonshire, and Wm. Devonshire' Lord Marquis of Hartington, his eldest Son, was pre-Esute. sented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said Duke's Father in 1683 settled the Manors of Chip-ley and Hundon, in Suffolk, on Trustees, to secure 600l. per Annum, for the Maintenance of the Lord James Cavendish (Fourth Son of the said Duke) during the Duke's Life: That the Remainder of the said Lands is limited to the said Duke, for Life, Remainder to his Fifth and other younger Sons, Remainder to the said Marquis, and his Heirs: That the Duke hath otherwise secured the Vot. 14.

A Petition of the Corn Merchants, in and about the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; Navigation, setting forth, that the Petitioners buy great Quantities of all Sorts of Com and Grain, and particularly Wheat, in and about Doncaster; and conceive, that, if the Bill in the House, for making and keeping the River Dun, in the County of York, more navigable, should pass, the same will be an Advantage to Trade, by affording a more cheap and easy Conveyance of Commodities to and from Doncaster, and Parts adjacent: And praying, that the safd Bill may pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, , to be considered, when the said Bill shall blsread a Second time.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Trades- Ditte. men, and Farmers, inhabiting in the Weapentack of Strafford and Tickhill, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting

forth,

% ib Decem

Leavfc of Absence

Guys

Estate

Whilfeild's

Estate

Hooper's

Estate.

Leave t)f Absence.

Cadogan's

Nat.

468

A. 1 04.

Forth, that Three great Market Towns, Viz. Doncaster,

Rotherham, and Sheffield, are situate upon the River Dun, the Inhabitants whereof are considerable Traders, both in foreign and domestick Goods, which are carried many Miles by Land, which very much inhances the Price thereof: That Doncaster hath gained such a Reputation abroad for red Wheat, that Merchants direct their Factors to buy it; yet, because the River Dun is not constantly Water Carriage from Doncaster down the River Dun, the Seller is forced to carry it, or make Abatement for Land Carriage, to the great Loss of the poor Husbandman. That the Petitioners are advised, the said River is capable of being made constantly navigable, which will "be for a general Good: And praying, that the Bill, depending in the House, for making and keeping the said River more navigable and passable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, may pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, to be considered, when the said Bill shall be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Fagg have Leave to go into the ' Country, his Lady being very ill.

Ordered, That Sir John Bland have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Bill for the more speedy Payment of the Debts of Thomas Guy, Gentleman, deceased, and vesting his Estate in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of his Debts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Rich. Vivian, Mr. Anstis, Sir Robert Mr. Mr.

Blofciid, Mr. Dyot, Sir JVm.Bowes, Sir Jo. Moksrworth, Sir Tho. JVroth, Mr. Northmore, Mr. Gape, Sir Fra. Massam, Sir Math. Dudley, Mr. Shackerley, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Crosse, Sir Gerv. Elwes, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Smithson, Mr. Arundell;and all that serve for the Counties of Devon and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir Francis Massam reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill, for the vesting certain Lands and Tenements in or near the Parish of Heston, in the County of Middlesex, being formerly the Estate of Mathew Lister, and Frances his Wife, and Timothy Whitfcild, and Mary his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Purposes in the Bill mentioned, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Bertie, Sir JVm. Hustler, Mr. Ja. Bertie, Mr. Dyot, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Jessop, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill, for impowering Anna Hooper, Widow and Executrix of Robert Hooper, late of Barbadoes, deceased, by mortgaging a Plantation there, to raise Money for Payment of his Debts, is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Bence have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Mr. St. John (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, to naturalize Margarita Cecilia Cadogan, Wife of Brigadier general Cadogan', and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Willoughby Hickman reported from the Committee, Gains-to whom the Bill, for the Augmentation of the Vicarage borough of Gainsborough, in the County of Lincolne, was com- Vicar 8 -mitted; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Lord William Powlet reported from the Com- Goddard' mittee, to whom the Bill, for vesting several Lands of Estate. Tho. Goddard, late of Rudlow, in the County of Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, for the Payment of his Debts, by Sale thereof, or so much, as shall be requisite for that Purpose, and for settling the Remainder upon Ambrose Goddard, his younger Son, for the Purposes in the said Tho. Goddard's Will mentioned, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Palmer (according to Order) presented to the Malet' House a Bill, for vesting all the Estate of Baldwin Malet, Bebt to tb Esquire, in the Counties of Somerset and Devon, and else- Crown where, in some Trustee, or Trustees, either to be sold, or mortgaged, for Payment of his Debt to her Majesty, as he was Receiver-general for the County of Somerset, and City and County of the City of Bristol, in the Years 1702 and 1703, and to vest the Residue in Malet, his Heirs and Assigns, as by Agreement between him, and the said William, his Son and Heir; and the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Yates have Leave to go into the Leave of Country, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absenc *

An ingrossed Bill, for the Sale of several Manors and wiiiiama' Lands in the Counties of Hereford, Radnor, and Breck- Estate. nock, for Payment of the Debts of Richard and Thomas Williams, late of Cabalva, in the County of Radnor,

Esquires, deceased, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act for the Sale of several Manors and Lands in the Counties of Hereford, Radnor, and Brecon, for Payment of the Debts of Richard and Thomas Williams late of Cabalva, in the County of Radnor, Esquires, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Lloyd do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Rich. Halford, and Lord Mr. Pitt: Escrick'

Mr. Speaker, E ut

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to vest the Estate of Charles Lord Howard, Baron of Es-crick, in Trustees, to sell the same, for Payment of his Debts; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A. Petition

Ernes', See. Purchase of Annuities.

Dun Navigation.

Union with Scotland.

Scotland — Security against certain Acts.

3 Ann.

2i — 22 D

4 9

A Petition of Foulk Ernes, Gentleman, Tho. Bama- Bill, for raising Moneys by Sale of several Annuities, for distort. Gentleman, Mary Gibson, Widow, Eliz. Ernes, carrying on the present War, was committed.

Mary Highstreet, and Beaumont Mary Gibson, Spinsters,

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, Resolved, That this House will, upon the Tenth Day Poor Reli.f. that, pursuant to the Act, passed the last Year, for pur- of January next, resolve itself into a Committee of the chasing Annuities, the Petitioners paid into the Exche- whole House, to consider further of the Bill, for the quer, in due Time, the foil Consideration-money, for better Relief, Employment, and Settlement, of the Poor, purchasing several Annuities, amounting to 100l. per

Annum; but through Inadvertency (they being in the _ Ordered, That Sir Robert Eden, Sir Bryan Stapleton, Stower Country) and the Negligence of their Agents, who paid Sir John Kay, Sir John Williams, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Bio- Navigation, in the Money, lapsed the precise Day for declaring their fold, Mr. Harpur, Mr Sir God}, Copley, Mr. Nominees, whereby they are, in Strictness of Law, de- Benson, Mr. Mr. Gulston, Sir Hen. Bellasys, Lord

- - .....Pozvlet, Mr. Mr. Palgrave, be added to the

Committee, to whom the Bill, for making the River Stower navigable from the Town of Mainingtree, in the County of Essex, to the Town of in the County of Suffolk, is committed.

prived of the Benefit of the said Act, as intended: And praying, that they may be relieved, and be entitled to their several Annuities, upon Proof, that their Nominees are the same Persons, for whom their said Annuities were intended.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter of the said Petition, and report the same to the House:

Ordered, That Mr. Laughame and Mr. be Kesteyen

added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, and Freeholders, in the Parts of Kcsteven, in

And it is referred to Sir Dudley Cullum, Lord Conings- the County erf Lincolne, on the behalf of themselves, and by, Mr. Roberts, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Sir Fra. Massum, others, is referred.

Colonel Colchester, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Rich. Vivian, Mr. Freeman, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Sir Nick.

Morris, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Jessop, Mr. , Mr. Naylor, Mr. Rice, Sir John Kay, Mr. , Sir

St. Quintin, Mr. Naylor, Sir Walt. Yonge, Mr.

Mr. Bertie, Mr. Moor, Mr. Gulston, ixrd Marquis Hartington, Sir Justinian Ishain, Mr. Wentworth: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock

Veneris, 22° die Decembris",

3 Annas Regina.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. Serjeant Coawdbave Leave Leave of to go into the Country, for a Month, upon extraordi- Absence, nary Occasions.

The Order of tire Day being read, for the reading the Bill a Second time, for making and keeping the River Dun, in the County of York, more navigable and passable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, at the Charges of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of Doncaster, Country, for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions, and such other Persons, as will undertake the same;

Ordered, That Mr. Chetwindhave Leave to go into the

And the Question being put, That the Bill be now read;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning, before the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for raising Moneys by Sale of several Annuities, for carrying on the present War, was committed.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Ordered, That Mr. Mansell have Leave to go into the Country, for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Petition of the Lord James Russell, was presented to Lord Rus-the House, and read; setting forth, that in August, ell'» E»tate. 1678, upon the Petitioner's Marriage, he made a Settlement (inter aC) of several Messuages and Lands in Whitchurch and Frisfolk,in the County of Southampton, upon

himself, for Life, and the Issue Male and Female of that Marriage: That he has only a Daughter; and the said

for appointing Commissioners, to treat of an Union be- Premises lying remote from the Petitioner's other Estate, ~ ‘ ~ " it is very inconvenient to gather the Rents, and look

after the same; and it would be more advantageous to the Petitioner, and his Family, that the Hampshire Estate should be sold, and the Money laid out in purchasing an Estate nearer the Petitioner's other Estate; yet it cannot be done without an Act of Parliament, by reason of the

tween England and Scotland, and for preventing the Inconveniencies, that may arise from divers Laws, lately made in Scotland, was (according to Order) read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That the Bill be read a Second time upon Tuesday, the said Settlement: And praying, that Leave be given to

Ninth Day of January next; The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,| ~ r-'

Tellers for the Noes,

Colonel Stanhope: f Mr. Freeman,

'(Mr. Lawson:

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second Tuesday, the Sixteenth Day of January next.

102.

113-

time upon

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Heads for a Bill, for the effectual securing the Kingdom of England from the apparent Dangers, that may arise from several Acts, lately passed in the Parliament of Scotland. . # -

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, him, and the said William his Son and Heir, was read resolve itself into the said Committee, after the Report the First time.

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Vo i» 14. 6 C A Petition

bring in a Bill, to vest the said Premises in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money, arising the reby, in another Purchase, more convenient for the Petitioner, and his Family.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr.

Gery, Mr. Monson, and Mr. Pitjeil do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Bill, for vesting all the Estate of Baldwin Malet, Malet's Esquire, in the Counties of Somerset and Devon, and Debt to the elsewhere, in some Trustee, or Trustees, either to be sold, Crown, or mortgaged, for Payment of his Debt to her Majesty, as he was Receiver-general for the County of Somerset, and City and County of the City of Bristol, in the Years 1702 and 1703, and to vest the Residue in William Malet, his Heirs and Assigns, as by Agreement between

Dun Navigation.

Monopolizing Irish Wool,

Duty on

Mull

School for Navigation.

Rives

Estate.

470 a 2° Decetnbris. . 1704.

A Petition of the Cheesemongers of the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; setting..

the Petitioners buy great Quantities of Cheese, brought out of Cheshire and Lancashire by the Way of Doncaster, and so down to Hull, as the easiest and readiest Way to be sent to London; and if the River Dun should be made navigable, as is designed by the Bill, depending in the House, for that Purpose, it will be a great Advantage to the Trade and Commerce between the said Counties, and the Petitioners: And praying, that the said Bill may pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, to be considered, when the said Bill is read a Second time.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Wool-merchants, Serge-makers, and others, of the Town and Borough of Tiverton, in the County of Devon, and Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that a few Buyers of Serges for Foreigners are projecting, and have monopolized the Wool of Ireland into their own Hands, to the Prejudice of the Woollen Manufacturers, and the Ruin of the Staple Ports and Markets for Wool: And praying, that the said growing Grievance may be redressed.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Serge-makers, Clothiers, and Farmers, of the Borough and Towns of and Milverton, and other Parts adjacent, within the County of Somerset, is referred.

A Petition of several Maltsters in the City of Coventry, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners do chearfully pay the Duty upon Malt, as they ought; but the Officers charging it on the Floor, and in the Couch, does not only spoil it, by treading on it, but the Petitioners are also over-charged in the Quantity, to their great Grievance and Damage: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for One Year, is committed.

A Bill, to settle the Estate of Lewis Maidwell, Esquire, towards the Foundation and Maintenance of a publick Mathematical School, for the better Education and Improvement of Youth in the Art of Navigation, with such further Provisions, and Enlargements, as may render it most effectual for the Service of the Publick, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. ham, Sir John Packington, Lord Powlet, Sir John Wil-

hams, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Naylor, Mr. Blo-feild, Mr. Hamond, Mr. England, Mr. How, Mr. Crosse, Mr. Lloyd, Sir John Kay, Lord Orrery, Sir Godj. Copley, Sir Walt. Yonge, Sir Hen.Lyddall, Sir Dudly Cullum, Sir

Gilbert Do/ben, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Gorges', and all, that serve for the Sea-ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of Richard Rives, Merchant, Father of Thomas Rives, Esquire, deceased, and Ann Rives, Widow and Relict of the said Tho. Rives, on behalf of Thomas Rives, Eliz. Rives, Mary Rives, Ann Rives, and Arundell Rives, Infants, the Five younger Children of the said Tho. Rives, deceased, was presented to the House, and rear!; setting forth, that the said Tho. Rives died seised of divers Manors and Lands in the Counties of Dorset and Somerset, of above 1,000l. per Annum, he being only Tenant for Life, Remainder - to his first and other Sons, in Tail Male, and so was unable to make Provision for younger Children: That, besides the said younger Children, he left George Rives, his eldest Son, an Infant of Seventeen Years of Age, who is willing, that the said Estate should be charged with a competent Provision for his Brothers and Sisters; but the same

cannot be done, by reason of his Infancy, without an Act of Parliament: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill, for raising Portions and Maintenance for the said younger Children.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Roberts, Mr. Tredenham, and Mr. Femmes, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Bill, to impower the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with Richard Cobbe, Esquire, One of the Sureties of Tho. Cobbe, Gentleman, deceased, who was a Receiver-general for the County of Southampton, and Isle of Wight, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Shackerly, Lord Powlet, Sir Walt. Yonge, Mr.

Tredenham, Sir Cha. Hot ham, Sir Gods. Copley, Mr. feld, Sir Dudley Cullum, Mr. Armesley, Sir Gerv. Elwes, Sir Hen. Liddall, Mr. Thompson, Sir Edw. Hussey, Mr. Dryden, Mr. Clark, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Bere, Mr. Gery, Mr. Renda; and all, that serve for the County of Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Dyot (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, for Sale of the Estate of Robert Hore, in Dinton, in the County of Bucks, for Satisfaction of a Mortgage thereupon, and other his Debts; and the same was received.

Mr. Freeman (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, for vesting several Lands and Hereditaments of Geo. Nodes, Esquire, in the County of Hertford, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of the Debts of the said George Nodes, and of Geo. Nodes, Esquire, his late Father, deceased, charged thereupon; and the same was received.

The Lord William Powlet (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, to impower the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with John Mason, Gentleman, who was Receiver-general for the County, University and Town, of Cambridge, and Isle of Ely; and the same was received.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising Moneys by Sale of several Annuities, for carrying on the present War, was committed, the Amendments, made by the Committee to the Bill; which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Heads for a Bill, for the more effectual securing the Kingdom of England from the apparent Dangers, that may arise from several Acts, lately passed in the Parliament of Scotland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Thursday, the Eleventh Day of January next.

- Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved,

Cobbe's Debt to the Crown.

Hore'

Estate.

Nodes'

Estate

Mason's

Debt to the Crown.

Supply Bill; Annuities.

Scotland. — Security against certain Acts.

3 Ann. 22 Decembris. — 8° Januarii, 471

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday, the Eleventh Day of January next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Heads for a Bill, for the effectual securing the Kingdom of England from the apparent Dangers, that may arise from several Acts, lately passed in the Parliament of Scotland.

Ball's Estate. Ordered, That Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Cartwright, Mr.

England, Mr. Blake, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Wyld, Mr. Ward, Mr. Haroey, Mr. Dry den, Mr. Ogle, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill, for Sale of the Estate of Richard Ball, in Little and Great

pulby,in the Counties of Derby and Leicester, and for laying out the Money in purchasing of another Estate, of equal Value, to be settled to the same Uses, is committed.

Army Ordered, That Sir John Packington, Mr. Blofeild, Sir

Arrears, Math. Dudley, Mr. Gery, Sir John Kay, Lord Powlet, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Renda, Sir Cha. Hotham, Mr. Dormer, Sir Edw. Hussey, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Geo. Hume and Thomas Duncan, in behalf of themselves, and others of the Regiment of Iniskilling Horse, that served in the Reduction of Ireland, under the Command of Brigadier deceased, is referred.

Etnas', Ptc. Ordered, That Sir Robert Eden, Sir John Packington,

Purchase of Mr. Balch, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Mr. Clark, Mr.

onuiues. Lowndes, Sir Math.Dudley, Mr. Graggs, Mr. Daslnooood, Sir Fra. Child, Mr. Pi got t. Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Lam-

ping h, Mr. Drake, Mr. Saul, Sir John Williams, Mr. Laugharne, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Foulk Ernes, Gentleman, Tho.

Mary Gibson, Widow, Ernes, Mary Highstreet, and Beaumont Mary Gibson, Spinsters, is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Monday, the Eighth Day of January next, Nine a Clock in the Morning.

Luna, 8s die Januarii;

3 Annas Regina.

Prayers.

H°re's A BILL, for Sale of the Estate of Robert Hore, in

Eatate. ±\. Dinton, in the County of Bucks, for Satisfaction of a Mortgage thereupon, and other his Debts, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Node ' A Bill, for vesting several Lands and Hereditaments

Estate. of George Nodes, Esquire, in the County of Hertford, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of the Debts of the said Geo. Nodes, and of Geo. Nodes, Esquire, his late Father, deceased, charged thereupon, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Duke of Sir Joseph Jekill(according to Order) presented to the

Devonshire's House a Bill, for vesting in Trustees certain Manors and Estate. Lands of William Duke of Devonshire, and JVm. Marquis of Hartington, his eldest Son, to enable them to mortgage the same, for Payment of Debts, and, subject thereunto, to settle the same to the like Uses, as the same are now settled; and the same was received.

Warburton's A Bill, to enable Sir George Warburton, Baronet, by Estate. Sale of the Manor or Lordship of Pulford, in the County of Chester, to perform an Agreement, made at his Marriage, for satisfying several Portions charged on his Estate, and also to pay some Debts, which his Father had Power to charge, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Mordant, Sir Roger Mostyn, Mr. Laugharne, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Smith, Sir Tho. Hanmer, Sir Gods. Copley, Sir Blake, Sir

John Thor old, Mr. Dyot, Sir Math. Dudley, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Manley, Mr. Gery, and all, that serve for North Wales, Lancashire, and CheshireAnd they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for Disposal of the better enabling her Majesty to dispose of the Build- the Mews, ings and Ground, called the Mews, for the building Stables for her Majesty in a more convenient Place; and that Mr. Conyers and Mr. Lowndes do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Ways and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole "'eaus. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

A Bill for the more effectual Execution of an Act of Ancholm Parliament, made in the 13th Year of his late Majesty Drainage, King Charles the 2d, intituled, An Act for confirming of certain Decrees of Sewers, made by the Commissioners for the Limits of the Level of the River Ancholm, in the County of Lincolne, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Pierre-point, Sir Willoughby Hickman, Sir John Thorold, Mr.

Thomhagh, Mr. Moncton, Sir Edw. Hussey, Sir Wm. St.

Quintin, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Sir Nich. Pelham, Sir Chr.

Hales, Mr. Wyld, Sir Tho. Meers, Sir Math. Dudley,

Lord Powlet, Mr. Dormer, Mr. Gery, Mr. Monson, Mr.

Freeman, Mr. Parker, Mr. Dryden, Mr. Balch; and all, that serve for the Counties of Lincoln and York:

And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of Elizabeth Collins, Katherine Thompson, Ditto, and Frances Anderson, in behalf of themselves, and the young Children of Mary Vesle, their Sister, lately deceased, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners are Daughters of Sir John Anderson, Baronet, deceased; and they had no other Provision made them by their Father, but certain Lands in the Level of Ancholm: That there is a Bill in the House, for the Improvement of the said Level, wherein there is a Power lodged in the Participants to impose Taxes on Part of the said Level, for the further draining thereof: And praying, that such Drain-tax may be laid by the Pound Rate, and not by the Quantity of Acres, there being great Difference in the Value of the Acres; and that the Petitioners may have Power to nominate an Agent, to vote in all Affairs relating to the said Level, they having near a Seventh Part thereof in Possession.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Dodson, in Custody of the Serjeant A Member at Arms, for his not attending his Service in Parliament, d‘schareed be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees. from cuslod7'

A Petition of Katherine Narmey, Widow, Mother and Nanney' One of the Guardians, and of Richard Vaughan and Ga- will-briel Salisbwy, Esquires, being Trustees, and also Guardians, of and for Am, Katherine, and Mary,

Nanney, being all Infants, Daughters and Coheirs of Hugh Nanney, late of Nanney, in the County of Merioneth,

Esquire, deceased, on the behalf of the said Infants, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said Hugh Nanney, in March, 1700, made his Will, and devised his real Estate to his eldest Daughter inTail, charging the same with pecuniary Portions for his Three younger Daughters, they releasing all Pretence of Title to the real Estate: That Part of the devised Estate is entailed, whereby each of the younger Children may claim Title to their Shares, and their Portions are at least of equal, if not greater, V alue, than the Shares of the said entailed Estate; but, in regard Doubts may arise upon the said Will, by reason of Part of the said Estate being entailed, and lies ihtermixt with the Testator's Fee-simple Estate, whereby great Expences may happen among the Daughters about their Partitions, the Petitioners pray, that Leave be given

t«

Button-

making.

Ditto.

Dun

Navigation.

A Member discharged from custody.

Duke of Marlborough'a Services.

Supply Bill; Annuities.

472

8° Januarii. A. 1704.

to bring in a Bill, for confirming and making good the Will of the said Hugh Nanney,to the end the same may take Effect, according to the Intention of the said Testator, the same being for the Benefit and Advantage of the said Infants.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Brereton and Mr. Richard Vaughan do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Assistants, of the incorporated Company of Clothiers in Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, notwithstanding Care bath been taken, to prevent the making Buttons of Stuffs, by an Act, made in the Tenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, yet divers Ways are found out to evade the Act, by making Buttons of Horn, Hoofs, Beans, and Berries; which very much hinders the Consumption of Silk and Mohair, the Return of our Cloth sent to Turky; which very much discourages the Exportation of Cloth, to the Prejudice of the Manufacturers thereof: And praying, that the Bill, for making more effectual the said Act, so as to restrain the making Buttons of Horns, Horse-hoofs, Berries, and such-like Materials, may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Common Council, Merchants, Mercers, and other Inhabitants, of the Borough of Leeds, in the County of York, and other Traders in the Woollen Manufactory in the' adjacent Towns, and Liberties of the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Materials for making Needle-work Buttons being purchased in Turkey by the Exchange of our Woollen Cloth, is the Support of many thousand Families: And praying, that the Bill, depending in the House, for making more effectual an Act, made in the Tenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, so as to restrain the making Buttons of Horns, Horse-hoofs, Berries, and such-like Materials, may pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, with the Freeholders of Bentley, Arksey, Barmby, Dun cum Thorp, Trumflett, Branwith, Moss, Fenwick, and Campsall, in behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Bill, now depending in the House, for making and keeping the River Dun, in the County of York, more navigable and passable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, at the Charges of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of Doncaster, and such other Persons, as will undertake the same, will be greatly prejudicial to the Petitioners, if it should pass, they having considerable Estates lying about the said River, which Mill be more subject to Inundations: And praying, that they may be heard by Counsel against the said Bill, before the passing thereof.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be mad a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Bassett, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, for not attending his Service in Parliament, be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That a Day be appointed, for taking into Consideration the great Services, that have been performed by his Grace the Duke of Marlborough the last Summer, and to consider of some Means to perpetuate the Memory of them.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, take the same into Consideration.

An ingrossed Bill, for raising Moneys by Sale of several Annuities, for carrying on the present War, was read the Third time.

5

And some Amendments being proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 2. L. after " Pence" to insert " or thereabouts

Press 3. L. before Annuity" to insert " such."

The same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resoloed, That the Bill do pass; and that the Tide be;

An Act for raising Moneys by Sale of several Annuities, for carrying on the present War.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply Bill; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Malt Duties the Bill, for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum,

Cyder, and Perry, for One Year;

A Petition of the Maltsters, belonging to the City of Gauging of Worcester, wgs presented to the House, and read; setting Malu forth, that the Allowance of Four Bushels in the Score for Barley, gauged within 48 Hours after it is thrown out of the Cistern, or of Eight Bushels in the Score, when it is fully come upon the Couching Floor, is not sufficient to answer the shrinking thereof, when it is dried; but, in either of those Cases, Five Bushels, and Ten Bushels, are the true Proportion: That the Bushel, whereby they are charged, is not a full Winchester Bushel, as they buy and sell by: and that, if any Difference arise between the Maltster and Gauger, touching their over-charging the Maltster, they are liable to Prosecution in the Exchequer; all which tend to the great Grievance of the Petitioners:

And praying, that the same may be redressed; and that they may have some Allowance for prompt Payment of the Duty upon Malt.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Maltsters within the Parish of Wake- Ditto. feild, and the Towns adjacent, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Officers, employed to gauge Malt, not being restrained from gauging the same on the Floors, do gauge it there, whilst it is wet, and very much bruise and spoil it, to the great Damage of the Petitioners: And praying, that Care may betaken in the now Bill, depending in the House, for continuing the Duties upon Malt, -Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for One Year, to prohibit the Officers from gauging any Malt upon the Floors, after it hath been steeped and gauged in the Cistern.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Maltsters in the City and County of Ditto, the City of Norwich, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Officers taking the Gauge of Malt on the Floor not only bruises it, and makes a great Part unfit for Use, by treading thereon, but the Gauges are so uncertain, that it is impossible for the Officer to make a true Charge between the Queen, and her Subjects; which is a great Grievance to the Petitioners: And praying Redress therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum,

Cyder, and Perry, for One Year is committed.

A Petition of all the Maltsters, or Makers of Malt> Ditto within the ancient City of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Officers gauging the Malt on the Floor, is very uncertain; and, when warm Weather comes, the Barley will be grown, and lie so light, that the Petitioners pay at least 7 d. per Bushel Duty; besides, they trample it so, that much of it is unfit for Sale: That the Petitioners conceive, the fairest Way of charging the Duty on Malt is in the Cistern, by which any Controversy may be most certainly decided: And praying, that some Expedient may be found out for redressing their Grievances.

Ordered,

3 Ann. 8° — 9 Jannum. 473

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for One Year, is committed.

Supply Bill; Then the House (according to Order) resolved itself

Malt Duties, into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Wednesday Morning next.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 9 die Anno 3° Ann® Regina.

Praters.

Q.ILBERTAffleck took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

Lord An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act

E&crick's to vest the Estate of Charles Lord Howard, Baron of state. Escrick,in Trustees, to sell the same, for Payment of his Debts, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Dnke of A Bill for vesting in Trustees certain Manors and

Devonshire's Lands of H iIliumDuke of Devonshire, and Mar-

ute' quis of Ilarlington,his eldest Son, to enable them to mortgage the same, for Payment of Debts, and, subject thereunto, to settle the same to the like Uses, as the same ' are now settled, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Dr. Stanhope Ordered, That Dr. Stanhope, Dean of be

to preach on desired to preach before this House at St. Margaret's, 30th Jan. Westminster, upon the 30th Day of January instant; and that Mr. 'Pagitt and Mr. Pierrcpoint do acquaint him therewith.

Traflord's Mr. Pagitt (according to Order) presented to the Lstate. House a Bill, for making void the Marriage Settlement of William TraffordGentleman, and Clare his Wife, and settling of the Moiety of the Manor, Messuages, 1ythes, and Lands, therein mentioned, and intended to be purchased, on their eldest Son William Trafford, Gentleman, and his Heirs, and for making Provision for their younger Children; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Malet's Del»t A Bill, for vesting all the Estate of Baldwin Malet, to the Crown. Esquire, in the Counties of Somerset and Devon, and elsewhere, in some Trustee, or Trustees, either to be sold, or mortgaged, for Payment of his Debt to her Majesty, as he was Receiver-general for the County of Somerset, and City and County of the City of Bristol, in the Years 1702-and 1703, and to vest the Residue in William Malet, his Heirs ami Assigns, as by Agreement between him, and the said William, his Son and Heir, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Drake, Sir John Mordant, Sir Tho. JVroth, Mr.

Mr. Palmer, Sir Rich. Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Pitjeild,

Mr. Northmore, Lord Powlet, Mr. Bulteel, Mr. ham, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Ilicks, Mr. Ogle, Sir Robert Vol. 14.

Eden, Mr. Ettrick, Sir JohnThorold, Mr. Clayton, Mr.

Lowndes; and all that serve for the Counties of Somerset and Devon: And tl ey are to meet this Afterqoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Richard Vaughan (according to Order) presented Nanne/ to the House a Bill, for confirming and making good the "'ill. last Will and Testament of Hugh Nanney, Esquire, deceased; and the same wm received.

A Petition of Henry Jones, Esquire, was presented to Por-de-nac the House, and read; setting forth, that of late Years there End

have been great Losses of Ships about the Land's End of L'6 l ouie England, for want of a convenient Harbour there (which may be made in WhitesandBay) and also a Light-house at Por-de-nac Point, near the said Landis End', and that most of the eminent Merchants, and Commanders of Ships, in and about London, and other Cities, and Marine Towns, of England, have approved thereof: And praying, that it may be referred to a Committee, to receive Proposals for making a Harbour, and Light-house, at Por-de-nac Point, near the Land's End.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Richard Vivian, Sir Gilbert Ilcathcot, Sir Tho. Wroth, Mr. Northmore, Mr.

Mr. Soamcs, Sir Wm. Drake, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Serjeant

Hooper, Sir Tho.Davall, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Palmer, Sir

Walt. Yonge, Mr. Lawson, Mr. Pitfcild; and all,- that serve for Sea-port Towns, and all the Merchants of the House, and all, that serve for the Counties of Cornwall and Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of John Proctor, of Rock, in the County proctor'» of Northumberland, Esquire, was presented to the House, Estate, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner, being seised in Fee of an Estate in Shawden, Shawden-woodhouse, and Crawley, in the County of Northumberland, of about 4,000l. Value, did, upon his eldest Son's Marriage with One of the Grand-daughters of John Salkeld, settle the same upon the Petitioner, for Life, Remainder to his said Son in Tail Male; reserving a Power to charge the Premises with 2,000l. for paying Debts, and raising younger Children's Portions: That, upon the said Marriage, the said John Salkeld also settled One Moiety of an Estate in Rock, in the said County, upon the Petitioner's Son in Tail, and the Petitioner hath since purchased the other Moiety, commonly called the South Side of Rock,of above 2,000l. Value; and is desirous, for the Advantage of his said Son, and younger Children, to settle that purchased Moiety in lieu of the said Estate in

Shawdon, Shawdon-woodhouse, and which he

would sell, to raise present Portions for his Daughters, and to pay his Debts; but cannot, by reason of the said Settlement: And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to impower the Petitioner to sell his Estate of Shawdon, Shawdon-woodhouse, and Crazoley, and to settle his Estate at Rock in lieu thereof, being of better Value.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Lawson and Mr. Stole do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of the Merchants, and Traders, in London, wharf near was presented to the House; relating to the Keys and London Wharfs between Tower Dock and London Bridge. Bridge.

OrderedThat the said Petition be read Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Thomas ILanmer(according to Order) presented justices of

to the House a Bill, for Qualification of Justices of Peace Quali-Peace; and the same was received, and read the First "cat,ou.' time.

fi D Resolved,

474

9° — i o® Januarii. A. 1704.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Lowndes Ordered, That Mr. Lowndes have Leave to make a communi- Motion, it being past One a Clock: offering aA! he acquainted the House, that he did Yesterday Bribe. receive a Letter, intimating, that a considerable Sum of Money is lodged in the Hands of a Person, for promoting Business, to come into this House; he presented the Letter to the House; and the same was read, and is, as followeth; viz.

Mr. Lowndes,

I wonder at you, that you would not pass the Clause we sent you, for pardoning our Fortunes, as it was, but to put us to so much Trouble in altering it. It might have been worth Ten thousand Pounds to you, if you had passed it, as it was penned; but, as 'tis now proposed, our Committees think, it will be worth little to them. I earnestly desire you, for your own Sake, let it pass, and be put into the Callicoe Bill, as 'tis sent you next, without any Alteration, there being a very considerable Sum of Money lodged in a Friend's Hands of yours, who has and will assist you effectually herein; and I will answer, he neither shall nor can deceive you; for I will certainly let you know, what your Proportion is allotted to be. I hope, you will never think it reasonable, that such a Company as ours should be undone by a Parcel of Informers, and Scotch Pedlars. You shall know me by the Questions I shall ask you, when we meet next in the House. In the mean time, I am

Yours,

A.

And thereupon he moved, that the Matter might be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to examine into the Matter of the said Letter, and the Author of it; and report the same to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Smith, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Wm.Drake, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Tho. Haunter , Sir Tho. Davall, Mr. Cesar, Mr. Gwyn, Sir John Mordant, Mr. Bromley, Sir Jos. Jelcill, Mr. Benson, Mr. King, Earl of Orrery, Mr. Mr.

Walpole, Sir Rich. Vivian, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Heysham, . Mr. Moor, Mr Sambroke, Mr. How, Colonel Stringer, Mr. St. John, Mr. Poole, Sir Tho. Meers, Colonel Bycr-ley, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Manley, Mr. Pierpoint, Mr. Heme, Sir Tho. Pelham, Sir Roger Mostyn, Lord Coningsby, Colonel Stanhope, Mr. Gtdston, Sir Tho. Frankland: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Call of the Ordered, That the Call of the House be further House. adjourned until this Day Seven-night

Button- Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-

making. night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for the making more effectual an Act, made in the Tenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, so as to restrain the making of Buttons of Horns, Horse-hoofs, Berric % and such-like Materials.

Recruiting The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Laud Forces. Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for the better recruiting her Majesty's Land Forces, and the Marines.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. St. John took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. St. John reported from the stud Committee, that they had made some Progress in the Bill, and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next (after the Matter relating to his Grace the 1

Duke of Marlborough is considered) resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee *

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 10 die Januarii',

3 Annas Regime.

Prate as.

APETITION of the Mercers, and Clothiers, Bntton-

within the County of Nottingin behalf of mak D8' themselves, and many other Persons, trading with Needle-wrought Buttons, within the said County, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the selling and wearing great Quantities of Buttons, made of Horn,

Horse-hoofs, and the like, is prejudicial to the Petitioners Trades in general, so that Buttons, wrought with the Needle, is but a little Part of their Trade: And praying, that the Bill now in the House, for the making more effectual an Act, made in the Tenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, so as to restrain the making of Buttons of Horns, Horse-hoofs, Berries, and such-like Materials, may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That Sir Nicholas Pelham have Leave to go Leave < f into the Country, for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Absence. Occasions.

A Bill for confirming and making good the last Will Nanney'a and Testament of Hugh Nanney, Esquire, deceased, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House being informed, that some Officers of the Prohibited Customs attended, they were called in; ... at the Bar I:ast lnc,l (according to Order) Dr. Davenant and Mr. pre- 00 s

seated to the House, An Account of all prohibited India Goods, that have been entered for Exportation, and to what Places, for the Year, ending at Michaelmas last; and, An Estimate of the Value of the said Goods.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of JohnLittle, Esquire, and Benjamin Dodd, Slower N -

Gentleman, was presented to the House, and read; setting ' Ration, forth, that the Petitioners are Assignees of certain Letters Patents, granted to Arnold Spencer by King Charles the 2d, in the 14th Year of his Reign, for making the River Stower navigable from the Town of Sudbury, in to the Town of Mainingtree, in the County of Essex; and great Sums of Money have been expended, in order to complete the said Navigation: That there is a Bill depending in this House, for making the said River navigable to the Places aforesaid, by which the Petitioners Right under the said Letters Patent may be prejudiced: And praying, that some Provision may be made in the said Bill, for saving the Petitioners Right.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Bill to impower the Lord High Treasurer, or Com- Whitley's missioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to com- th®

pound with Thomas Whitley, Esquire, One of the Sureties

' for

Pyle'sEstaU.

Wharfs near

}»ndou

Bridge.

Biddulph

Estate.

3 Ann. io — 1i° Januarii. 475

for Morgan Whitley, Esquire, late Receiver-general for the County of Chester, and North was read a

Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Committee, to whom the Bill, to impower the Lord High Treasurer of England, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with Sir Michael Biddulph, Baronet, One of the Sureties of Morgan Whitley, Esquire, Receiver-general for the Counties of Chester and North Wales, is committed.

A Bill, for Sale of an Estate of Sir Seymour in Axford, for discharging Incumbrances, and for investing the Surplus-money in a Puichase, to be settled to the Uses in the former Settlement, was read a Second time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put,' That the Bill be committed;

It passed in the Negative.

A Petition of the Merchants, and Traders, in relating to the Wharfs and Keys between Tower Dock and London Bridge, was (according to Order) read; setting forth, that by the Acts and Rules, made in the Reign of King Charles the 2d, as appears in the Book of Rates, all Goods, imported from beyond Sea to London, must be landed at the said Wharfs, or else the Goods are forfeited, if not a particular Licence from the Commissioners of the Customs, to land them at some other Place; which Wharfs were formerly managed by separate Wharlingers, but now Mr. Ashton, Mr. W and others, the Proprietors or Renters, of those Wharfs, are entered into a Co-partnership, to make them all One joint Concern; which, if continued, will be an intolerable Burthen to Trade; because Ships are now twice as long in delivering, as before, by their not employing a sufficient Number of Lighters by One-third; because, also, they have advanced the Rates of Wharfage, and Rents of their Warehouses; and may further advance them to what they please; and because that, when, by Carelessness of their Servants, Lighters are sunk, and the Goods perished, or stolen out of their Lighters, or Warehouses, the Petitioners know not whom to sue for Damages, the Wharfingers Agreement, or Co-partnership, being kept private among themselves, and refused to be discovered; so that in all the Petitioners Wrongs, and Losses, they are without Remedy, unless by the Charge and Delay of a Suit in Equity: And praying the House to apply such Remedy in the said Oppressions, as may prevent the same for the future, by reason of the said Co-partners.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee, and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the Fact to the House:

And it is referred to the Marquis of Sir

Gilbert Heathcote, Sir John Parsons, Mr. Smith, Mr.

Comptroller, Sir Tho. Powis, Mr. Ward, Mr. Gxeyn, Sir Tho. Davall, Sir Cha. Bloys, Mr. Brewer, Colonel By-

erley, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Sir Sam. Garrett, Mr. Jessop, Mr. Freeman, Sir Jos. Jekill, Mr. Compton, Sir Wm. Drake, Sir Tho. Cook, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Cowper, Mr. Pooley, Sir Tho. Hanmer, Mr. , Mr. Asgyll, Mr.

Gold, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Johnson, Lord Comingsby, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Cesar, Mr. , Sir

JValt. Yonge, Mr. Sambrook; and all the Merchants of the House, and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard, and Sir Richard Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for settling of the Tythes of certain Lands in Francton, in the County of Warzcick, upon Simon Biddulph, Esquire, and his Heirs, and for settling a Rent-charge, in lieu thereof, upon the present Rector there, and his Successors

Vo 1- 14.

for ever; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill, for Qualification of Justices of the Peace, was In tiees of (according to Order) read a Second time. Qoali'

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. ca n‘

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Supply Bill; Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for Mttlt Duties continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for One Year, was committed, the Amendments, the Committee had made to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and all of them (except Clause E) upon the Question severally put thereupon, with some Amendments to some of them, agreed unto by the House.

Clause E, for the Gauger to leave with the Maltster the Charge of Bushels of Malt, being read a Second time;

Several Amendments were made thereunto by the House.

And then the Question being put, That tlje House do agree with the Committee, in the said Amendment, so amended;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom- Way# ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Mean . House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, Thatthis House will, upon Saturday Mom- Poor Relief, ing next (after the Committee upon the Bill, for Qualification of Justices of the Peace) resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill, for the better Relief, Employment, and Settlement, of the Poor.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, IT die Januari

3 Annas Regina.

Prayers.

MR. Lawson (according to Order) presented to the p

House a Bill, to enable John Proctor, of Rock, Estate. in the County of Northumberland, Esquire, to sell, or otherwise dispose of, his Lands in Shawdon, Shawdon-woodhouse, and Crawley, upon settling Lands of like Value, in Rock, in the said County, in lieu thereof; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, Assistants, and School for whole Company of Stationers, Booksellers, Printers, and Navigatioi. Bookbinders, in the Cities of London and Westminster, in behalf of themselves, and many others, exercising those Tfades in the several Cities and Towns in England, against the Bill, to settle the Estate of Lewis Maidwell, Esquire, towards the Foundation and Maintenance of a publick Mathematical School, for the better Education and Improvement of Youth in the Art of Navigation, with such

further

Recruiting Land Forces.

Dun

Navigation.

Cook's Purchase of Annuities.

476 ii° Januarii. 1 1704.

further Provisions and Enlargements, as may render it most effectual for the Service of the Publick, whereby the sole printing and publishing all Advertisements, and Notifications, is appointed to the said and the Governors of that School, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners have lain under many Difficulties, by reason of the War; and the greatest Support of their Trade, in the Sale of their Goods, has been by Advertisements in publick Papers; and, should the said Mr. Maidwell have the Power he asks, they shall not only be hindered in carrying on their Trades, in the Publication of Books, but be liable to vexatious Suits, and Penalties, for printing Funeral Tickets, Tickets for summoning Commissioners of the Taxes, and many other such-like Matters, which happen daily: And praying to be heard by Counsel against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of and in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that by virtue of an Act, passed the last Session, for raising Recruits, many Persons, em-plpyefl in the Harvest Work in the said County, were levied, and compelled to serve as Soldiers, whereby several Hundreds were frightened, and withdrew themselves, and the Petitioners were in great Danger of losing their Harvest, and were forced to pay extravagant Wages for such Hands, as they could get: That the Petitioners apprehend, the like Inconveniences will befal them next Harvest, unless some Care be taken in the Bill, depending in the House, for the better recruiting her Majesty's Land Forces, and the Marines, to exempt Harvest Labourers in the said County: And praying, that a Clause, for that Purpose, may be inserted in the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for the better recruiting her Majesty's Land Forces, and the Marines, is committed.

A Petition of the Lord, and Freeholders, and Tenants, of and in the Manor of Beni Icy cum near Don-

caster, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there being a Bill depending in the House, for making and keeping the River Dun, in the County of York, more navigable and passable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, and the Petitioners having huge Meadows, and Commons, adjoining to the said River, which might be in Danger of flooding the reby; but the Level and Fall of the said River having been surveyed, the Petitioners are satisfied, no Damage can happen to them, by making the said River more navigable; and it being for a publick Good, they pray that the said Bill may pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Samuel Cook, of Plymouth, Gentleman, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that John Lcacroft having subscribed go I. to purchase an Annuity of to/, per Annum, for One Life, and John Holland having subscribed 360/. to purchase an Annuity of 40/. per Annum, for One Life, pursuant to an Act passed the last Session of Parliament, for purchasing Annuities in the Exchequer, they paid the First Payment before the 1st of May, 1704 as the Act directs, and have assigned their Interests in the said Annuities to the Petitioner, who was ready to make the Second Payment on Saturday, the 24th of June last; but falling ill in the Country, he was not able to reach London before the Evening of that Day, too late to make the Second Payment, and attended all Monday Morning, being the 26th of June, at the Exchequer, in order to pay the same; but the Officers would not take it, alleging, that, the Time being slipt, they could not receive it, without

Order; and the Petitioner also tendered the Third Payment on the ,20th of September last, and it was refused, for the same Reason: And praying, that his Money may be received, and that he may have the Benefit of the said Annuities, his Money having been always ready, and hindered from paying the same in due Time but a few Hours by the Hand of God.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Faulk Ernes, Gentleman, and others, is referred; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the Fact to the House.

A Petition of William Cavendish, of Dor in

the County of Derby, Esquire, on behalf of himself, and his Brothers and Sisters, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that Henry Cavendish, the Petitioner's late Father, deceased, being seised in Fee of the Manor of Dovebridge, did, by several Settlements, charge the same with an Annuity, of 350/. per Annum, to his Wife Mary, for her Life, and other Part thereof, of the Value of 500l. per Annum, he settled upon Trustees, for 506 Years, to raise 6,0001, for Daughters and younger Sons Portions, and, subject thereto, limited the Premises to himself, for Life, Remainder to the Petitioner, in Tail Male, Remainder to the Petitioner's Brother John and his Heirs Male, Remainder to his own right Heirs; and there being divers Messuages, Lands, and Premises, held of the said Manor by Copy of Court-roll, the said Henry agreed to enfranchise the same, whereby he raised 3,000l. of the said 6,000l. but he, being only Tenant for Life, was not capable of making them a good Title, and therefore, as a collateral Security (having discharged the said Term of 500 Years of 3,000l.) with the Trustees, did give Security out of the Term of 190/. per Annum, for making good the Enfranchisements; and he, having the absolute Power of disposing of the Reversion and Inheritance of the said Term of 500 Years, did, by his Will, charge the same with 3,000l. more for his Daughters, and younger Sons, and died, leaving Issue the Petitioner, and his Brother John, both under Age, and divers Daughters, some whereof are married, and others marriageable, who want their Fortunes; and the Petitioner (though of Age) has no Way to raise the Money, but either by Sale of the Trust Estate (which will either much prejudice and dismember the said Manor) or by the Petitioner's Marriage, who is not able, by the said Settlement, to make a Jointure, suitable to such Fortune, as will be necessary to clear the said Estate, being only Tenant for Life to the greatest Part of the said Estate, and the rest being incumbered with such Portions, and collateral Security, as aforesaid: And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for confirming such Grants and Enfranchisements, as his said Father made of the copyhold Estates, and discharging the collateral Security given for the doing thereof, and for the speedier raising the Moneys charged upon his Estate, and for making a Settlement upon such Wife, as the Petitioner shall marry.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Coke and Mr. Hysham do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

The Lord William Pau'lett reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill, to im power the Lord High Treasurer of England, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with Sir Michael Biddulph, Baronet, One of the Sureties of Morgan Whitley, Esquire, Receiver-general for the Counties of Chester and North Wales, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that they had made some Amendments to the Bill, which' they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read iu his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards

delivered

Cavendish's

Estate.

Biddulph' Debt to the Crown.

Waller'.

Katate.

Ball's Estatf.

Horne and

Blechingley

Church.

Duke of Marl bo rough's Services.

Recruiting Land Farces,

3 Ann.

delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Lord Cheine reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill, to enable Edmond Waller, Esquire, to charge his Estate, not settled upon his Wife in Jointure, with a Sum of Money for Payment of his Debts, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed Unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Dyot reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill, for Sale of the Estate of Richard Ball, in Little Ap-pulby, and GreatAppulby, in the Counties of Leicester and

Derby, and for laying out so much of the Money, as will purchase another Estate, of equal Value, to be settled to the same Uses, and the Residue in making Provision for younger Children, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, oue by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert and

Sir Richard Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for severing and disuniting the Church or Chapel of Horne from the Church of Blechingley, in the County of Surrey; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House (according to Order) proceeded to take, into Consideration the great Services, that have been performed by his Grace the Duke of Marlborough the last Summer, and of some Means to perpetuate the Memory of them.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That an humble Ad-

dress be presented to her Majesty, expressing the great Sense this House hath of the glorious Victories obtained by the Forces of her Majesty, and her Allies, under the Command of his Grace the Duke of Marlborough; and humbly to desire her Majesty, that she would be graciously pleased to consider of some proper Means, to perpetuate the Memory of the great Services performed by the said Duke.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council, do humbly know her Majesty's Pleasure, when she will be attended by this House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Vo i. 14.

477

consider further of the Bill, for the better recruiting her Majesty's Land Forces, and the Marines;

And the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill, for giving the like Remedy upon N otes, promising the Payment of Money, as is now used upon Bills of Exchange, was committed, be made upon this Day Seven-night.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Heads for a Bill, for the effectual securing the Kingdom of England from the apparent Dangers, that may arise from several Acts, lately passed in the Parliament of Scotland, the Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it be One Head of the Bill, for the effectual securing the Kingdom of England from the apparent Dangers, that may arise from several Acts, lately passed in the Parliament of Scotland, to enable her Majesty to nominate and appoint Commissioners for England, to treat with Commissioners for Scotland, for an Union between the Two Kingdoms.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Natives of the Kingdom of Scotland, except such as are settled, and shall continue, Inhabitants of England, or the Dominidns thereunto belonging, or at present in Service in the Army, or Navy, shall be reputed as Aliens, unless the Succession to the Crown of Scotland be settled on the Princess Sophia of Hanover, and the Heirs of her Body, being Protestants.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a more effectual Provision be made, to prevent the Exportation of Wool from England and Ireland into Scotland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Provision be made, to prevent the Importation of Scotch Linen-into England, or Ireland, and to permit the Exportation of the Linen Manufactures of Ireland, in English Bottoms, into her Majesty's Plantations in the West Indies.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That immediate Provision be made, to prevent the conveying of Horses, Arms, and Ammunition, from England, or Ireland, into Scotland.

Resolved, That It is the Opinion of this Committee, That all the Protestant Freeholders of the Six Northern Counties of England, be permitted to furnish themselves with Arms.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second time, the First Five of them were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The last of the said Resolutions being read a- Second time;

And the Question befog put, That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That all the Protestant Freeholders of the Six Northern Counties of England, be permitted to furnish themselves with Arms;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Noes, l88'

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in upon the said Resolutions, agreed unto by the House; and

6 E that

ii® Janua.

Promissory

Notes.

Scotland — Security against certain, Acts.

Wharfs near

London

Bridge.

Mason's Debt to the Crown.

Blud worth's Estate.

Dun

Navigation.

478 11° — 12°

that Mr. Conyers,the Lord Marquis of Sir

Richard Onslow, Sir Joseph Jekyll, Sir Gilbert Dolben,

Mr. Cowper, Sir Tho. PowisMr. Solicitor-general, Lord Coningsby, Lieutenant-general Earle, Mr. Serjeant

Hooper, Mr. Ward, and Mr. Ogle, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Heads for a Bill, for the effectual securing the Kingdom of England from the apparent Dangers, that may arise from several Acts, lately passed in the Parliament of Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. Qholmley, Sir Math. Dudley, Mr. Cox, Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. Walsh, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr.

Dodson, Mr. Pendarvis, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, and Traders, in London, relating to the Wharfs and Keys between Tower Dock and London Bridge, is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 12 die Januarii;

3 Annas Regina.

Praters.

AB f LL, to impower the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the 'rime being, to compound with John Mas, Gentleman, who was Receiver-general for the County, University, and Town, of Cambridge, and Isle of Elywas read the first time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second , time.

A Petition of Margaret BWidow and Relict of Charles Bludworth, late of Leather/,in the County of Surrey, Esquire, deceased, Guardian of Tho. Bludicorth, her Son, an Infant of about Four Years of Age, and Richard Cawthorn, Clerk, Executor of the said Charles Bludworth, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said Cha. died in

January last, seised of several Manors, Lands, and Tenements, in Surrey and Yorkshire, but had mortgaged the same, and entered into Judgments, and owed Money upon simple Contract, above 1,000l. more than his personal Estate will satisfy; and the Interest of the Mortgage-money amounts to more than the Rents of his Estate will pay; yet he made his Will, and devised his said Estates to his said Son Thomas, his Heirs and Assigns, specifically: And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for vesting the said Estates in Trustees, so as they may be sold, for the discharging the Incumbrances thereupon, and Payment of the Debts, which affect the same, and for preserving the overplus Money (if any) arising by such Sale, to such Uses, as the said Estates of the said Cha. Bludw are by his last Will limited and appointed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Five twin, and Mr. Pigott, do prepare, and bring in, the

Bill.

A Petition of Edward Lord Viscount Irwyn in the Kingdom of Scotland, Son and Heir apparent of the late Arthur Lord Viscount a Minor, under the

Age of Twenty-one Years, by his Guardians and Trustees, as also the Petition of the Freeholders, Copyholders, and Tenants, of Hatfeild, Hatfeild-wooThorne, Fish-

lake, Stamford, and Dousthorp, all within the Manor of Hatfeild, in the West Riding of the County of in behalf of themselves, and several Hundreds more of Land-owners, or Tenants, within the said Manor, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there being a Bill depending in the House, for making and keeping the River Dun, in the County of York,

Januarii. A. 1704.

more navigable and passable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, the Petitioners conceive, it cannot be effected, but by placing Locks, or Sluices, in the River, within the Reach of the Tides, which will tend to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners Lands, lying adjacent to the River: And praying to be heard by Counsel against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill shall be read a Second time.

Mr. Shackerley (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, for Sale of the Estate of Tho. Holford, Esquire, in Plumbley, in the County of Chester, and elsewhere, to raise Money, for Payment of Debts, and purchasing an Estate in Possession; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Heath have Leave to go into the Country, for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Button-makers, and other Burgesses, of the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Bill, depending in the House, for making more effectual an Act, made in the Tenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, so as to restrain the making of Buttons of Horns, Horse-hoofs, Berries, and such-like Materials, is of universal Benefit, for the Advancement of the Woollen Manufacture, the Employment of the Poor, and the Encouragement of the Trade to Turkey, and other Parts, by which great Numbers of Families are supported: And praying, that the said Bill may pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Bill, to naturalize Margarita Cecilia Cadogan, Wife of Brigadier-general Cadogan, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. St. John, Sir Mathew Dudley, Lord Orrery, Mr. Soames, Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. Cesar, Mr. Freeman, Mr. How, Sir Dudley Cullum, Mr. Pigott, Sir William Drake, Sir Cha. B/oys, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Naylor, Lord Mr. Brent,

Mr. Brewer, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Trefusis, Lord Coningsby, Sir John Williams, Mr. GulstonMr. Moor, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Hurley, Mr. Cordoned, Mr. Granville, Mr. Monson, Mr. 'Joke: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, that her Majesty had been pleased to appoint to be attended by this House this Afternoon, at Four a Clock, at her Palace at St.James's.

A Bill, for Sale of the Estate, late of Edward Baines, for Discharge of a Mortgage thereupon, and making a Provision for his Daughters, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the T itle be. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Edward Baines, Gentleman, for Discharge of a Mortgage thereupon, and making Provision for his Daughters.

Ordered, That Mr. Gulston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Lowndes (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, for enabling her Majesty to dispose of the Ground, and Houses, called the Mews, and to cause Stables to be built for her Service in a more convenient Place; and the same was received.

An ingrossed Bill, for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for One Year, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, with a Blank, for the Number of Bushels of Malt to be left by the Gauger:

And

Holford'i

Estate.

Leave of Absence.

Button-

making.

Cadogan's

Nat.

The Queen appoints to be attended.

Baines'

Estate.

Disposal of the Mews.

Supply Bill) Malt Duties.

3 Ann.

i 2° — 130 Januarii.

479

And the same was twice read; and the Blank filled up: And then the same was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press L. To leave out " February," and insert " March" instead thereof.

Pr. L. To leave out " and, " and insert " or," instead thereof.

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for One Year.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Pvta'aEsUte. A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard,

and Dr. Edisbury:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Thomas Pyle, Esquire, and to make

Leases, for Lives, of the Estate, late of Tho. of

Iii'crne Courtney, Esquire, deceased, as also the Son of George Pitt, Esquire, so to do, when entitled, and in actual Possession of the Premises, and that he may be enabled to make a Jointure, upon any Woman he shall marry, out of the same; and for establishing a School in Iwcmc Court n.y, and augmenting the Vicarage of Cern-abbas in the County of Dorset; with some Amendments; to which' the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor-general have Leave to make a Motion, it being after One a Clock.

And he made a Motion accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for the better preventing corresponding with her Majesty's Enemies; and that Mr. Solicitor-general and Mr. Smith do prepaie, and bring in, the Bill.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, 'upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Lettee re- Ordered, That Mr. Conyers, Sir Willoughby Hickman, ceived by Sir William Hustler, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Mitchell, offering a M Mr. Grahme, be added to the Committee, to whom it is Bribe. referred to examine the Matter of a Letter, received by Mr. Lowndes the Eighth of this Instant January.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Cosrc pon-dence with EDemies.

Way and Means.

Sabbati, 13 die Januarii;

3 Annas Regina.

Praters.

Duke of A BILL, for vesting in Trustees certain Manors and Devonshire's -a\- Lands of William Duke of Devonshire, and Wil-Estat . Ham Marquis of Hartington, his eldest Son, to enable them to mortgage the same, for Payment of Debts, and, Vox. 14.

subject thereunto, to settle the same to the like Uses, as the same are now settled, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Joseph kyll, Sir Robert Eden, Sir Cha. Hotham, Sir

Mr. Rol)erts, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Dormer, Sir Massam, Mr. Gee, Mr. Pitt, Lord Powlet, Mr. Vernon,

Mr. Crosse, Mr. Guyn, Sir William Hustler, Nr. Masters,

Mr. Gape, Mr. Aislaby, Mr. York, Sir Math. Dudley,

Mr Topham, Nr. Walpole, Nr. Walsh, Mr. Sir

Hen. Furncsse; and all, that serve for the Counties of York, Norfolk, and Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of Charles Bodvile, Earl of Radnor, was Cutler's presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that iUle-the Petitioner, as Assignee of Edmund Boiler, Esquire,

Executor of Sir John Cutler, deceased, became entitled to a great Debt from William Lcnthall, Esquire, deceased, secured by Mortgages, and other Incumbrances, on the Manors of Latchjord and Hasely, with their Appurtenances, in the County of Oxon, and the Office of Marshal of the Queens Bench: That the Petitioner exhibited his Bill in Chancery against the said Wm. Lcnthall, to compel him to redeem the Premises, or be foreclosed; where to he answered, admitting, that there was due to the Petitioner, on Security of the said Premises, by an Account, stated the 14th of June, 1700, the Sum of 20,438/. to.y. 6\d. and that he was willing, the said Manors, and Premises, might be sold, towards satislying the same; but he died, before he could be foreclosed, and the Equity of Redemption of the Freehold Manors and I mds (Part being Leasehold) became vested in his Co-heirs, who are the Countess of (against

whom he revived the Suit) and the Defendants oi several other Daughters of Sir John Lent hull, long since deceased, some of which live beyond Sea, and others in England, and cannot be found; and the Petitioner cannot proceed to have a Decree for Sale, or of Foreclosure, without making all the Co-heirs Parties, which is im-

# O '

possible for him to do, and he is without Remedy, without an Act of Parliament: And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to vest the Freehold Estate, late of the said William Lent hall,at Latch ford, in Trustees, to be sold, towards Payment of the said Debt, due to the Petitioner, as aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Smith, Mr. Hoblyn, and Mr. Trejusis, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Freeman (according to Order) presented to the Bludworth' House a Bill, for vesting the Estate of Charles Bludworth, Estate. Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of iiis Debts; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Lord William Powlet reported from the Com- Drake's, See. mittee, to whom the Bill, to impower the Lord High Debt to the Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Crown. Time being, to compound with John Drake, John Hunton, and Edmund Cock, Sureties for August. Briggs, Receiver-general for the County of Norfolk, and City of Norwich, was committed; that they had examined the Bill, and had made some Amendments, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto . by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Bill, for making and keeping the Dun Navi-River Dun, in the County of York, more navigable g d n. and passable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, at the Charges of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses,

of

480

13 — 15 Januarii.

A.

7°4-

of Doncaster, and such other Persons, as will undertake mittee of the whole House, to consider further of the the same, be read a Second time upon Tuesday Morning Bill, for the better recruiting her Majesty's Land Forces, next. and the Marines.

Drake's

Estate.

Gould's

Estate.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert and

Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Estate of Daniel Drake, Gentleman, deceased, for the Provision of his Widow and Children, according to his Will, without any Amendment:

And have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming an Agreement between the Executors of Moses Gould, Esquire, deceased, and his Relict, for Payment of the Debts, and Maintenance of the younger Children, of the said Moses Gould, and for settling other Part of his Estate, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers witiidrew.

Letter sent to Sir Gilbert Dolben reported from the Committee, to Mr. Lowndes whom it was referred to examine into the Matter of a offering ft Letter, directed to Mr. Lowndes, and the Author of it; n that the Officers of the East India Company being summoned to attend the said Committee with their Books, the Committee had directed him to move the House for their Direction, touching the Inspection of the said Books.

Ordered, That such of the Committee, as are no,t concerned in Trade, do inspect the East India's Company's Books; and that Mr. Bromley, Sir Cha. Hotham, Mr. Car, Sir Wm.Drake, Mr. Lawson, Mr. Rottmey, Mr. Vernon, Sir Math. Dudley, Sir Rich. Onslow, be added to the said Committee.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do report to the House all such Sums of Money, as shall appear to them to be directed by the East India Company for secret Service.

Cavendish's Mr. Coke (according to Order) presented to the House Estate. a Bill, to enable William Cavendish, Esquire, to make a Settlement in Jointure upon any Wife he shall marry,

and for the better raising the Portions charged on his Estate, and confirming of Enfranchisements of several Copyhold Estates, made by his Father; and the sajne was received.

Parsons bene- Ordered, That Mr. Freeman have Leave to make a sited by Taxes Motion, it being after One a Clock. tob e And be made a Motion accordingly. em er,‘ Resolved, That all Persons, who are entitled, by their Offices, to receive a Benefit by publick annual Taxes, to be granted, shall be incapable of sitting in this House, while they are in such Offices.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution; and that Mr. Freeman, Mr. Cesar, Mr.

Amesley, Mr. Bromley, and Mr. Cowper, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Persons in Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for PublicOffices the excluding out of this House all Persons, that are in Members any Offices or Employments, erected since the Sixth Day of February, 1684, or to be erected; and that the same Gentlemen, and Sir William Strickland, Mr. Top-ham, Mr. King, and Mr. Aislaby, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Justices of Peace Qualification.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday next, at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for Qualification of Justices of the Peace.

Poor Relief. Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill, for the better Relief, Employment, and Settlement, of the Poor.

Recruiting Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn-

Lftod Forces. ing next the Committee upon the Bill, for Qualification of Justices of the Peace) resolve itself into a Com

Mr. Speaker acquainted to the House, that they did Answer to Yesterday present their Address to her Majesty, with Address, relation to his Grace the Duke of and that

her Majesty was pleased to give this gracious Answer:

Gentlemen,

I am very well pleased with your Address; and I will take it into Consideration, as you desire, and send you my Thoughts upon it in a little time.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning,

Nine a Clock.

Luna, 15 die Januarii;

3 Annie Regina.

Pr A TlltS.

A BILL, to enable William Cavendish, Esquire, to Cavendish'i jLX. make a Settlement in Jointure upon any Wife he Estate, shall marry, and for the better raising the Portions charged upon his Estate, and confirming of Enfranchisements of several Copyhold Estates, made by his Father, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Smith (according to Order) presented to the House Cutler's a Bill, for vesting the Manor and capital Messuage of E tate. Latchford, with the Appurtenances, and divers Freehold Messuages, Farms, and Lands, in Latchford and Hasely, in the County of Oxon, late the Estate of William shall, Esquire, deceased, and by him mortgaged to Sir John Cutler, Knight and Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, toward Payment of the said Debt; and the same was received.

A Petition of Joseph Pince, of the City and County of Pince' the City of Exon, Merchant, was presented to the House, EltoM and read; setting forth, that, upon the Petitioner's Marriage with Jane, his now Wife, he did, in 1C95, settle divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Topsham, in the County of Devon, and of St. Edmund's on the Bridge, in Oxon, on Trustees, to

divers Uses, and to make Provision for the Issue of that Marriage: That he hath Four Daughters only, and, by means of great Losses in Trade, he has been forced to contract considerable Debts, and also stands liable to the Payment of several Legacies, given by his Father; all which he is unable to pay, unless such Part of the Lands (not in Jointure) of which the Petitioner hath a Power of leasing a great Part, may be sold, the Trustees consenting thereto, there being a Sufficiency besides, for Maintenance of the Petitioner's Wife and Family, and for his Daughter's Portions: And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to enable the Petitioner to make Sale of the Premises (not settled in Jointure) and to apply ' the Money, arising by such Sale, towards paying his Debts.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr.

Snell and Mr. Bulteel do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

The Lord William Powlet reported from the Com- cobbe't mittee, to whom the Bill, to impower the Lord High Debt to tb» Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with Richard Cobbe, Esquire,

One of the Sureties of Tho. Cobbe, Gentleman, deceased, who was Receiver-general for the County of Southampton, and- Isle of Wight, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and had made some Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House .; Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and

then

3 Ann. r50 — 1 60 481

then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Guy's Mr. Hoblyn reported from the Committee, to whom

Estate. the Bill, for the more speedy Payment of the Debts of Thomas Guy, Gentleman, deceased, and vesting his Estate in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of his Debts, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Node ' A Bill, for vesting several Lands and Hereditaments

Estate. of George Nodes, Esquire, in the County of Hertford, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of the Debts of the said Geo. Nodes, and of George Nodes, Esquire, his late Father, deceased, charged thereupon, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cesar, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Freeman, Sir Fra. Blake, Sir Cha. Hot ham, Mr. Gulston, Sir Matth. Mr. Gape,

Mr. Levinz, Mr. Cart-wright, Mr. Shepherd, Mr. Blo-feild, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Parker, Mr. Pigott, Mr. lemon, Mr. Varney-, and all, that serve for the Counties of Hertford, Essex, Middlesex, and Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Union with A Message from the Lords, by the Lord Chief Justice Scotland. Trevor, and Mr. Justice Pou is:

Mr. Speaker,

We are commanded by the Lords to put this House in mind of a Bill, sent by the Lords to this House, intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners to treat of an Union between England and Scotland, and for preventing the Inconveniencies, that may arise from divers Laws, lately made in Scotland; it being a Bill, that highly concerns the Peace and Welfare of both Nations.

And theh the Messengers withdrew.

Occasional Ordered, That the Bill, intituled, An Act for pre-Confonnity. venting occasional Conformity, as it passed this House, this Session, he printed.

near Two Years, before it commences, and will be about Six Years, before some of them can be paid: That this House, the last Session, upon the Report from the Committee, to whom their Petition was referred, ordered a Clause to be brought into the Salt Bill, for securing Interest on the said Tickets; but the Clause miscarried, and the Tickets remain without Interest: And praying the House to take their hard Case into Consideration, and grant them Interest on their said Tickets.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the Fact to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Mathew Dudley, Mr Lowndes,

Mr. Coke, Mr. Clayton, Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. Hamond,

Mr. Fleming, Mr. Conyers, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr.

Johnson, Mr. Gwyn, Sir Gilbert Heathcot, Mr Gee,

Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Bromley,

Mr. Moor: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Way and Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Mean . Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

Ordered, That Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Vernon, Sir Warburton' Francis Lee, Sir Chr. Hales, Sir Cha. Blois, Mr. Pigott, Estate.

Mr. Carteret, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. North, Mr. Cesar, Mr.

Freeman, Sir Robert Davers, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill, to enable Sir George ton, Baronet, by Sale of the Manor of Pulford, in the County of Chester, to perform an Agreement, made at his Marriage, for satisfying several Portions charged on his Estate, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 16 die Januarii; 3 Annae Regina.

P R A T E RS.

Abuses of Sir Richard Onslow (according to Order) presented to Collectors of the House a Bill, for remedying the Abuses, committed Taxes. by the Collectors of several publick Taxes therein mentioned, and to prevent issuing out of Process, in case of Deficiencies on the Land Tax for the Year 1705, but against such Places where such Deficiencies shall happen; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ix)rd

Poulett'

Estate.

Interest on

Lottery

Tickets.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, to enable the Right Honourable John Lord Poulett, and Bridget Lady Poulett, his W'ife, with the Consent of their Trustees, to sell their Shares and Interest of and in certain Manors and Lands in the County of Kent, and to purchase other Lands or Hereditaments, of the like Value, to be settled to the same Uses, be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the Proprietors of the benefited Malt Lottery Tickets, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there still remains 18,56.5 I. of the said Tickets unpaid, which carry no Interest; and it is above Five Years, since the same became deficient, and the Provision, made for Payment of the Principal, is still Vo l. 14.

ABIL L, for vesting the Manor, and capital Messuage, Lenthall' of Latchford, with the Appurtenances, and divers E ute-Freehold Messuages, Farms, and Lands, in Latchford and Hasley, in tire County of Oxford, late the Estate of William Lenthall, Esquire, deceased, and by him mortgaged to Sir John Cutler, Knight and Baronet, deceased,

in Trustees, to be sold, towards Payment of the said Debt, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard and Sir Richard Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill; for raising Money by Sale of several Annuities, for Annuities carrying on the present War, without Amendment And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Sir William Daines have Leave to go Leave of into the Country, for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Absence-Occasions.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Pyle' Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, Estate.

6 F An

L

483 16° Januarii. 1704.

An Act to enable Tftotms Pyle, Esquire, and Eliz. to ijmke Ileuses for Lives, of the Estate, late-of Tho. Freke, of Itaem Courtney, . Esquire, deceased, as also die Son of George Pitt, Esquire, so to do when intitled,

and in actual Possession of the Premises, and that he may be enabled to make a Jointure upon any Woman he shall merry, out of the same; and for establishing a School in IuxmeCourtney, and augmenting the Vicarage

of Ccrnabbas, in the County of Dorset.

And die same, being severally twice read, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are, as follow;

10 Skin, 11 L. After " on" add " any former."

.11 Skin, 12 L. for " Thirty" read " Sixty."

Ordered, That Mr. Bromley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

kesteven Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Land Tax. whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, and Freeholders, inhabiting in the Parts of Kesteven, in the County of Lincolne, on the Behalf of themselves, and others, complaining of their being unequally charged with Deficiencies of the Land Tax, granted in the 9th and 10th Year of his late Majesty's Reign, was referred, be made Tomorrow Morning.

I/ird An ingrossed Bill to enable the Right Honourable

Poutett's Lord Poulett, and Bridget t Lady Poulett, his Wife, with state. the Consent of their Trustees, to sell their Shares and Interest of and in certain Manors and Lands in the County of Kent, and to purchase other Lands, or Hereditaments, of the like Value, to be settled to the same Uses, was (according to Order) read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act to enable the Right Honourable John Lord Poulett, and Bridgett Lady Poulett, his Wife, with the Consent of their Trustees, to sell their Shares and Interest of and in certain Manors and Lands in the County of Kent, and to purchase other Lands, or Hereditaments, of the like Value, to be settled to the same Uses.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Supply Bill; A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Regard, Malt Duties, and Sir Richard Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

ThetLords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder) and Perry, for Oqe Year, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Insorpora- A Petition of the Master Shipwrights (who signed the ting Ship- same) in behalf of themselves, and others, Master Shipwrights. wrights of England, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner's Predecessors were incorporated by Charter in 1C05, and were thereby impowered to rectify the Disorders and Abuses of the Shipwrights Trade, and to furnish the Crown, and Merchants, with able Workmen, and to bind, and enroll, their Apprentices; but the breed of able Workmen is almost lost, and, for want of sufficient Power to execute the good Intent of their Charter, the Petitioners have not been in a regular Method many Years past to rectify the Disorders amongst the Shipwrights, and to improve their Trade; yet a Proposal of some additional Heads, to eftect die same, has been approved, and reported by the Commissioners of the Admiralty, Commissioners of the Navy, Corporation of Trinity-house, and also his Royal Highness, the 7th November, 1704, declares his Opinion, that it will be very much for the publick Service, to - have the Shipwrights incorporated by Charter, as desired by them; but in the said Proposal there arc some necessary Clauses, which cannot be made practicable and effectual without an Act of Parliament: And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill, of regulating Clauses, to be inserted in a new Charter, for the better .1

breeding of Shipwrights, and for the more firm and well building of Ships, and other Vessels.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee;

It-passed in the Negative.

Mr. Freeman presented to the House a Bill, to prevent Persotisbene-Persons, who are entitled by their Offices, to receive a sited by Benefit by publick annual Taxes, to be granted, from ll sn<i/to being Members in Parliament, while they are in such Of- e em ere' fices; and the same was received, and read the First time.

And there being a Commencement inserted in the Bill, and the Bill not brought in with a Blank for the same; the same was, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Mr. King (according to Order) presented to the House Persons in a Bill, for excluding out of the House of Commons all PublicOffices Persons in any Offices or Employments, erected since the l® k® Sixth Day of February, 1G84, or to he erected; and the em er ‘ same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Thursday Morning next.

A Message from her Majesty, by Mr. Aston, Deputy Royai Assent Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod; to Bills.

Mr. Speaker,

The Queen commands this honourable House to attend her Majesty, in the House of Peers, immediately.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend her Majesty:

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, that her Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to Two Publick Bills; viz.

An Act for raising Moneys by Sale of several Annuities, for carrying on the present War:

An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum,

Cyder, and Perry, for One Year:

And also to Five private Bills;

An Act to enable Agnes Hacche, Widow, and other Trustees, to make Leases, and sell Lands in the County of Devon, for the Payment of the Debts and Legacies of Robert Hacche, Esquire, deceased, and for the Main tenance and Advancement of his Daughters Portions:

An Act for confirming an Agreement between the Executors of Moses Gould, Esquire, deceased, and his Relict, upon Payment of the Debts, and Maintenance of the younger Children of the said Moses Gould, and for settling other Part of his Estate:

An Act for Sale of the Estate of Daniel Drake, Gentleman, deceased, for the Provision of his Widow and Children, according to his Will:

An Act for naturalizing of Henry Bowman:

An Act to enable Tho. Pyle, Esquire, and Eliz. Freke, to make Leases, for Lives, of the Estate of Timm Freke, of Iwern Courtney, Esquire, deceased, as also the Son of Geo. Pitt, Esquire, deceased, so to do when intitled, and in actual Possession of the Premises, and that he may be enabled to make a Jointure upon any Woman he shall marry, out of the same; and for establishing a School irt Ixvern Courtney, and augmenting the Vicarage of Cera-abbas, in the County of Dorset.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Union with Reading of the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, Scotland, An Act for appointing Commissioners to treat of an Union between England and Scotland, and for preventing the Inconveniencies, that may arise from divers Laws, lately made in Scotland;

Resolved, That the Bill be now read a Second time.

The Bill was read the Second time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill he committed;

The House divided:

The Yea go forth:

Tellers

3 Ann.

i 6° — 170 Januarii.

4 3

Tellers for the \ eos, ]

Tellers for the Noes,

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill do lie upon the Table.

104.

} >36.

Scotland — Security against certain Acts.

Call of the House.

Button-

toaking.

Ordered, That the Gentlemen, who are to prepare a Bill, or Bills, upon the Resolutions of the House, for the effectual securing the Kingdom of England from the apparent Dangers, that may arise from several Acts, lately passed in the Parliament of Scotland, do bring in the same with all Speed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Gentle-rtien, that they do make Provision against the bringing into this Kingdom, Scotch Cattle and Sheep.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further adjourned until this Day Seven-night

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for the making more effectual an Ac|.

serve for the Counties of Salop iand Hertford, and for North and South Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for making void the Marriage Settlement of Trafford'a William Tr a fjord, Gentleman, and Clare his Wife, and Estate, settling the Moiety of the Manor, Messuages, Tythes, and Lands, therein mentioned, and intended to be purchased, on their eldest Son William Trafford, Gentlenlan, and his Heirs, and for making Provision for their younger Children, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Freeman,

Sir Edward Turner, Sir Dudley Mr.

Mr. Smith, Sir Robert Eden, Lord Coningsby, Sir Gilbert

Dolben, Sir Wm.St. Quintin, Lord Powlet, Colonel Grahme, Colonel Churchill, Mr. PageUp Mr. State, Sir William Drake, Sir Era. Massam, Sir Edward Hussey,

Sir Rushout Cullen, Sir Fra. Bloke', and all, that serve for the Counties of Stafford and Warwick: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill, for Vesting the Estate df Charles Rhx&wbfth, Rjudworth'a Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment Estate,

made in the 10th Year of his late Majesty's Reign, so as . T?. , ' , c \

,r r....., iLJL of his Debts, was read a Second time.

pan Navigation.

to restrain the making of Buttons of Horns, Horse-hoofs, Berries, and such-like Materials.

Ordered, That the Bill, for making and keeping the River Dun, in the County of more navigable, and passable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, at the Charges of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of Doncaster, and such other Persons, as will undertake the same, be read a Second time upon Thursday Morning next.

Justices of Peace Qualification,

Resolved, That this House will Tomorrow, at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for Qualification of Justices of the Peace.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Major Halsey, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Cesar, Mr. Annesley, Mr. Freeman, Colonel Sdmes, Sir Edw. Turner, Mr. Blofeld, Sir Rushout Cullen, Mr. Gulston, Mr. Brewer, Mr. , Sir William St. Quintin, Mr. Bertie, SirJViUoughby Hickman, Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. Pagitt, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Parker, Mr. Levinz, Sir Tho. Lee; and all, that serve for the Counties of York and Surrey: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of Charles May, Esquire, Nephew and Heir May's Estate of Baptist May, Esquire, deceased, was presented to the

_ , rn. 1 tt >ii rri jHouse, and read; setting forth, that the said

Recruiting Resolved, That this House will, upon ThtersdayMorn- May, by his last Will, dated the 23d of January, 1688,

laud Forces, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the "bole devised to Trustees his Manor of Berwick, in Essex, and

House, upon the Bill, for the better recruiting her Ma- 8everai Fee-farm Rents, in Trust, to pay thereout to Mrs.

jesty's Land Forces, and the Marines.

Ways and Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Means. ' whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Interest on

Lottery

Tickots.

Ordered, That Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir John Sir William Hustler, Sir Wm. St. Quintin, Mr. gue, Mr. Wicker, Mr. Jenkins, Mr. Rendu, Mr. Tolce, Mr. Harvey, Sir John Fleet, Mr. Monson, Mr.

Mr. Clark, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the benefited Malt Lottery Tickets is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 17 Januarii; 3 Ann® Regina.

Prayers.

Nanoy'sWill.

Dorothy Brook 50/. per Annum, for her Life, and 200l. per Annum to his Son Charles, for Life, and the Remainder to ttie Petitioner, for his Life, atad to his Sons in Tail Male, and, in Default of such Issue, to his said Son Charles, and his Issue Male, Remainder to Christopher May and his Sons, in Tail Male successively; and he devised a Legacy of 2,000l. to his said Son Charles, and .5,000l. ' to his Niece Isabella May, and other Legacies: That the Trustees are dead, and Christopher May is dead without Issue Male, and there is no Issue Male of the Petitioner, or Charles, the Son: That the personal Estate of Baptist was not sufficient to pay his Debts and Legacies, and the Petitioner has paid the same; and he, and Charles the Son, and Mrs. Brook, have agreed, that Part of the real Estate shall be sold, to pay the Petitioner his Disbursements; but the Agreement cannot be effectual, without an Act of Parliament, tb cut off the Limitations in the Will to their unborri Sons: And pfaying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for vesting some Pari of the real Estate of the said Baptist May In Trustees, to be sold, for reimbursing the said Petitioner such Money, as he has expended for discharging the Debts, Legacies, and Funeral Expences Of the said Baptist May.

Ordered, That Leave be givert to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr.

A BILL, for confirming and making good the last

Will and Testament of Hugh Nanny, Esquire, South and Sir Robert Eden do prepare, and bring id, the deceased, was read a Second time. Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Kay, Sir Wm. Whitlock, Mr. Vaughah, Sir John Wynn,

Mr. Johnson, Sir Fra. Blake, Mr. Manscl!, Mr. Stanley,

Sir Robert Eden, Sir John Williams, Mr. Pigott, Mr.

Freeman, Sir Edzv.Turner, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Clayton,

Mr. Crosse, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr. Monson, Sir Eduard

Norreys, Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. Gorges; and all, that Vol, 14.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Ffiday Morhing Sophistic next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, tlDS Wine -upon the Bill, for the preventing the Sophistication of Wines.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, Button-Mercers, Drapers, and other Inhabitants, of the Borough mak,n *

of

484 17 Januarii. A. 1704.

of Pontefract, in the County of York, and other Traders in the Woollen Manufactory there, and Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there being a Bill depending in the House, for making more effectual an Act, made in the Tenth Year of his late Majesty's lteign, so as to restrain the making of Buttons of Horns, Horse-hoofs, Berries, and such like Materials, the same being to encourage the making of Needle-wrought Buttons, the Materials thereof being purchased in , by Exchange of our Woollen Manufactures, is the Support of many thousand Families: And praying, that the said Bill may pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Hurr'iEitate. Mr. Caesar reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill, for vesting an Estate, mortgaged in Fee by Thomas Burr to Anthony Tomkyns (now in Infants) in Trustees, to rc-convey the Estate to the said Thom. Burr, or as he shall appoint, upon Payment of all the Moneys due on the said Mortgage, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the said Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ernes', &c. Sir Dudley Cullum reported from the Committee, to

Purchase of whom the Petition of Foulk Ernes, Gentleman, Annuities. Bamardiston, Gentleman, Mary Gibson, Widow, Eliz.

Ernes, Mary Highstreet, and Beaumont Maty Gibson, Spinsters, was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is, as followeth; viz.

That it appeared to the Committee, by a Certificate, signed by the Right Honourable the I.ord Halifax, that the Persons hereafter named were Contributors for the several Annuities following; viz.

Foulke Ernes - - 2per Annum for Three Lives:

Tho. Bamardiston 30/. per Annum for One Life: Eliz. Ernes - - 20I. per Annum for One Life: Mary Highstreet 1 per Annum for One Life: Mary Gibson - - 10/. per Annum for Two Lives:

Beaumont Mary Gibson 10/. per Annum for Two Lives. That it also appeared to the said Committee, that the said Contributors have paid the full Consideration-money, for purchasing the said several Annuities, but did not declare their Nominees for the said several Annuities within the Time limited by Act of Parliament.

That it further appeared to the Committee, by Mr. Manning, One of the Clerks of the Tally-Office, that Tallies were struck, according to the respective Times of Payment: And the Tallies were produced to the Committee, and the said Mr. Manning proved them to be true: Which said Sums, paid in by the said several Contributors, amount in the Whole to One thousand Pounds.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for the Relief of the said Persons; and that Sir Dudley Cullum, Sir Robert Davers, and Mr. do prepare, and

bring in, the Bill.

nnce'a Mr. Bulteel (according to Order) presented to the

Estate. House a Bill, to enable certain Trustees to make Sale of several Lands, and Ctiattel Estates, in the County of Devon and City and County of Exon, of Joseph Pince, for the Payment of his Debts and Legacies, charged upon his

Estate, and for a Provision for himself, his Wife and Family; and the same was received.

Mr. Gery (according to Order) presented to the House Lord Rus-a Bill, for Sale of several Messuages, Lands, and Tene- sell's Estate ments in Whit church and Frisfolk,in the County of

Southampton (the Estate of the Lord James Russell) and laying out the Money in another Purchase, more convenient for him; and the same was received.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee of the whole Ways and House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are, as followviz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards the Supply granted to her Majesty, a Duty be laid upon all Goods, imported from the East Indies, Persia, and China,into England, prohibited to be used in England, and from thence exported to Ireland, or any of her Majesty's Plantations in the West Indies.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said Duty be Thirty per Cent, according to the Value, upon Sale at the Candle.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee!,

That the said Duties be granted to her Majesty for the Term of Five Years.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards the Supply granted to her Majesty, art additional Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Duties, be laid upon all Goods and Merchandizes imported, except Tobacco, and Goods used for Dying.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said additional Subsidy, and other Duties, be equal to Two-thirds of the Subsidies and Duties, granted to his late Majesty King WiIlium the Third, by an Act, made in the Eighth and Ninth Years of his said late Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a further Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage upon Merchandizes, imported for the Term of Two Years and Three Quarters, and an additional Land Tax for One Year, for carrying on the War against France, and since continued, during her Majesty's Life.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said additional Subsidy, and other Duties, be. granted to her Majesty for a Term of Four Years.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That, towards the Supply granted to her Majesty, a Duty be laid upon all Goods, imported from the East Indies, Persia, and Chirui, into England, prohibited to be used in England, and from thence exported to Ireland, or any of her Majesty's Plantations in the I Vest Indies',

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,; Mouctm: '«

Tellers for the Noes, Shepherd: }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The rest of the Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions; and that Mr. Conyers, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Solicitor-general, Mr. Walpole, Mr. and Mr.

Blofeild, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, that he had a Message, signed by her Majesty: And he delivered it to Mr. Speaker; who read the same to the House, and is, as followeth:

ANNE

3 Ann.

17° — i 8° Jnnuarii.

Granting Woodstock to Duke of Marlborough.

Ditto,

Persons benefited by Taxes not to t e Members.

Correspondence with Enemies.

ANNE R;

HER Majesty, having taken into her Consideration the Address of this House, relating to the great Services performed by the Duke of Marlborough, does iodine to grant the Interest of the Crown in the Honour and Manor of Woodstock, and Hundred of to him,

and his Heirs; and desires the Assistance of this House upon this extraordinary Occasion.

The lieutenancy and Rangership of the Parks, with the Rents and Profits of the Manor, and Hundred, being granted for Two Lives, her Majesty thinks it proper, that Incumbrance should be cleared.

Resolved, That a Bill be brought in, to enable her Majesty to grant the Honour and Manor of Woodstock and Hundred of Wootton, to the Duke of Marlborough\ and his Heirs; and that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Brydges, Mr. Coke, Mr. Solicitor-general, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Walpole, and Sir Cha. Hot ham, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that she will be graciously pleased to advance the Money, for clearing the present Incumbrance upon the Lieutenancy and Rangership of the Parks, Rents, and Profits of the Honour and Manor of Woodstock, and Hundred of Wotton, in order to the present Settlement thereof upon the Duke of Marlborough, and his Heirs.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House, as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Freeman (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, to prevent Persons, who are entitled, by their Offices, to receive a Benefit by publick annual Taxes, to be granted, from being Members in Parliament, while they are in such Offices; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Solicitor-general (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, against corresponding with her Majesty's Enemies; and the same was received.

Kf»teven Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Land Tax. whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, and Freeholders, inhabiting in the Parts of Kesteven, in the County of Lincolne, on the behalf of themselves, and others, complaining of their being unequally chained with Deficiencies of the Land Tax, granted in the 9th and loth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, was referred, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Justice of Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, at Peace Quali- Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the location. whole House, upon the Bill, for Qualification of Justices of the Peace.

Estate, and for a Provision for himself, his Wife, and Family, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill, to enable John Proctor, of Rock, in the County Proetm'i of Northumberland, Esquire, to sell, or Otherwise dispose t'aUte of, his Lands in Shawdon, Shaxcdon-woodhou and Crau -

ley, upon settling Lands, of like Value, in Rock, in the said County, in lieu thereof, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Fra.

Blake, Sir Jos. Tredenbam, Sir Fra. Sir Robert

Eden, Sir Tho. Davall, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Morgan, Mr.

Pitt, Mr. Clayton, Sir Math. Dudley, Mr. Aloore, Mr.

Bridgman, Sir Jo. Thorold, Mr. Tredettham, Sir Parsons, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Lawson; and ail, that serve for the Counties of York, Lincolne, and Aorthumkrlat.d:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock) in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to vest the Estate of Charles Lord Howard, Baron of Escrick, in Trustees, to sell the same, for Payment of hit Debts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be Committed to Mr. Soames,

Mr. Clayton, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr. Pitt, Sir Fra. sam, Lord Coningsby, Sir Tho. Davall, Colonel Holmes,

Sir Tho. Wroth, Sir Willoughby Hickman, Mr. Cesar, Sir Wm. Bowes, Lord Pmdett, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Dashwood,

Colonel Stringer, Sir Wm. Hustler, Sir Hen. BeUasys,

Mr. Conyers, Mr. Ogle, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Gulston,

Sir Fra. Blake, Mr. Tredenham, Sir Edw. Irby, Sir Simon

Harcourt, Sir Jos. Trcdenham, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr.

Bingham, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Toke, Mr. Herne, Sir Edw.

Hussey; and all, that serve for the Counties of Lincoln and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That it be ah Instruction to the said Committee, that they do take care to examine, whether the Reversion and Remainder of the Lands, in the Bill, be vested in the Crow n; and report the sahae specially to the House.

Mr. Smith (according to Order) presented to the House May'sEitat . a Bill, for vesting some Part of the real Estate of Baptist May Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for reimbursing Charles May, Esquire, his Nephew, such Moneys, as he has expended, for discharging, the Debts, Legacies, and Funeral Expences, of the said Baptist May, and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Biddulph' for settling of the Tythes of certain Lands in Franckton, in the County of Warwick, upon Simon Biddulph, Esquire, and his Heirs, and for settling a Rent-charge, in lieu thereof, upon the present Rector there, and his Successor? for ever, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 18 die Januarii;

3 Annie Regina,

Praters.

Lord Rus- \ BILL, for Sale of several Messuages, Lands, and sells Estate. Ejl Tenements, in Whitchurch and Frisfolk, in the County of Southampton (the Estate of the Lord James Russell) and laying out the Money in another Purchase, more convenient for him, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Pince's A Bill, to enable certain Trustees to make Sale of se-

Estau. veral Lands, and Chattel Estates, in the County of Devon,

and City and County of Exon, of Joseph for the

Payment of his Debts and Legacies, charged upon his

VOJ 14.

A Petition of Nathaniel Cooper, Robert Hodson, Benja- Earl of Bur-mine Gascoigne, Jacob Frankly?/, Tho. Carr, Richard Kngton and Aland, Janies Marshall, Jeremiah Ridand Edmund Hall, Cork

on the behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Creditors of Charles late Earl of Bu/Tmgton and Cork, deceased, was

presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that in 1698 the said Earl conveyed several Manors and Lands in Ireland, and his Manor of Gressington in Yorkshire, in Trust, for the Payment of several Debts, in a Schedule annexed to the Deed of Trust; That in 1703 he intended to sell the said Estate, and made several Contracts for that Purpose, but a Stop was put thereto by his Death; yet by his last Will, of the 4th of February last, he devised the said Estates to Trustees, to be sold, notwithstanding his Heir's Minority, and a Decree in Chancery has lately passed, for Sale thereof accordingly; but, in regard the present Earl of Burlington, being a Minor, cannot confirm the Purchases, the Estate will not be so soon, or so advantageously, sold, as otherwise, without an Act of Parliament for that Purpose: And praying Leave to bring in 4

6 G Bill

Grace's Claim on Imh 1-or-futiues.

Weeks Debt to the Crown,

Scotland — Security ega mi t,certain Acts.

irish Linen.

ilinx man's Estate.

18 ° Januarii. 1704.

Bill for Sale of the said Estates, and also of Two small Pieces of Land in Ireland' and some small Parcels of Land in England, of a small Value, that the said Earl died seised of in Fee-simple, and are Assets at Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring.,in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that the Lord Coningsby and' Mr. Moor dQjftrepare, and bring in,

the Bill.

A Petition of Lettice Grace was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that last Session of Parliament the Petitioner did, by her Petition to this House, shew, that her now Husband, John , having, by his Petition of Right, recovered a considerable Estate out of the King's Hands in 1695, the Petitioner's Father gave her to him in Marriage, and 1,000l. Portion, upon a Settlement of 300l. per Annum; but the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures pronounced such Decree against the Petitioner's Husband, as rendered the said Settlement fruitless, so that thereby the Petitioner, and her Seven Children (the eldest not yet Eight Years of Age) are reduced to the greatest Want: That the said Petition was referred to the said Trustees, to state the Matter of Fact; and accordingly they reported to the House, that the Allegations in the Petition were true; but soon after the Parliament was prorogued, by which all those Proceedings fell: And praying, that in tender Compassion to the Petitioner, and her Seven small Children's deplorable Condition, the House will give them some Relief out of the Moneys arising by Sale of her said Husband's Estate, or out of the Arrears, reported by the said Trustees to be owing in Ireland, or such other Manner, as the House shall think Meet.

Resolved, That the said Petition be rejected.

Christchurch-twyncham, in the said County, of a better Value, to the same Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Papers relating next, take into Consideration, the Papers, that have iu6 been laid before the House from the Auditors of the Imprest, from the Comptroller and Commissioners of the Victualling, and the Deputy Remembrancer, in relation to the Prizes.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Promiaory whom the Bill, for giving the like Remedy upon Notes, Note , promising the Payment of Money, as is now used uj)on Bills of Exchange, was committed, be made upon Saturday Morning next

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday next. Poor Relitf. at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill, for the better Relief, Employment, and Settlement, of the Poor.

A Bill, for excluding out of the House of Commons Person in all Persons in any Offices or Employments, erected since. Public Offices the Sixth Day of February, 1684, or to be erected, was Meiers, (according to Order) read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to exclude the Officers of the Prize Office.

The Lord William Pmvlet reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Michael Weeks, Esquire, was referred; that they had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and found the same to be true; and that the Solicitor for the Commissioners of the Customs had attended, and informed them, that they had nothing to allege against Mr. Weeks having such a Bill, as he desires.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to impower the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, to compound with the said Michael Weeks "for the Debt owing by him; and that the Lord William Paw let and Mr. James Bertie do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Solicitor-general (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, for the effectual securing the Kingdom of England from the apparent Dangers, that may arise from several Acts, lately passed in the Parliament of Scotland; and the same was received, and read the First lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Gilbert Dolben (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, to permit the Exportation of Irish Linen to the Plantations, and to prohibit the Importation of Scotch Linen into Ireland; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning, after the Bill, for the effectual securing the Kingdom of England from the apparent Dangers, that may arise from several Acts, lately passed in the Parliament of Scotland.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to . enable Joseph Hinxman, of North Hinton, in the County of

Southampton, Esquire, to sell some Estates in Andover, in the said County, and for the settling other Estates in 6

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Dun reading the Bill, for making and keeping the River Dun, Navigation, in the County of York, more navigable and passable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, at the Charges of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of Doncaster, and such other Persons, as will undertake the same;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be now read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, justice# of after the Committee on the Bill, for the better Qualifies- Peace Quali-tion of Justices of the Peace, resolve itself into a Com- Station, mittee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill, for the better recruiting her Majesty's Land Forces, and the Marines.

A Bill, to prevent Persons, who are entitled, by their person be-Offices, to receive any Benefit by Publick annual Taxes, nefited by to be granted, from being Members in Parliament, while to

they are in such Offices, was (according to Order) read " Meiu " a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill, after the Committee upon the Bill, for excluding out of the House of Commons all Persons in any Offices or Employments, erected since the Sixth Day of February, 1684, or to be erected.

Mr. Monson (according to Order) reported from the K#steven Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Land T«x. and Freeholders, inhabiting in the Parts of Kesteven, in the County of Lincoln, and also the Petition of several Gentlemen, Land-owners, and Inhabitants, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincolne, was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; whefe the same was read, and is, as followeth;

That

Interest on

Lottery

Tickets,

3 Ann. i8° — 190 yanuarii. 487

That it appears to the Committee, that by an Act, made in the Ninth and Tenth Year of King William the Third, the Sum of 54,169/. 17 was charged upon the County of Lincolnc, City of and County of the said City; which Sum was Three-fourths of the Tax raised in 169 ^; and every County over the whole Kingdom was, in that Year, charged accordingly.

That the Commissioners met upon the 20th Day of April, 1698, at Lincoln, and adjourned till the 2d of May following; at which time they met, and agreed to lay the Tax as followeth:

_ Upon the City, Bail, and Close, and Four 5° ar, 'pownSj Pai-j of the County of the same City, 1,083/. 7 ‘ 11 i -

Parts of Lindsey, one Moiety of the Remainder, 36,543 4 °id-Parts of Kesteven and Holland, the other Moiety, 36,5434 s. 10 id.

That it appears, that the usual and ancient Manner of laying Taxes in the County of Lincoln, according to the monthly Assessment, was, to charge the City of and County of the said City, Bail, and Close, with a 50th Part

Lindsey, with a Moiety of the Remainder:

The other Moiety upon Kesteoen and ;and of that Moiety, to charge Kesteoen with Four-sevenths, and Holland with Three-sevenths.

That it also appears to the Committee, by Extracts from the Exchequer, that Kesteoen paid upon real and personal Estates, in the Year 169-f, 20,696/. 9s. 11 That it also appears to the Committee, by Extracts ' from the Exchequer, that in 1698 Kesteoen paid 15,5221. 14s. gd. which is full Three-fourths of the Tax raised upon Land, and personal Estates, upon Kesteoen, in the Year 1694.:

And that Holland paid in 1698 the Sum of 9,708/. 9#. 2 d.which is much less than the Three-sevenths of the Sum, charged at the general Meeting of the Commissioners upon Kesteoen and Holland.

That it also appears to the Committee, that in 1698 Kesteoen paid 355 /. above Four-sevenths of the Sum, charged at the general Meeting of the Commissioners upon Kesteoen and Holland.

That it appears to the Committee, by an Extract from the Exchequer,

That Lincoln City paid to the Land Tax, in 1693, -

Lindsey Division,

Holland Division,

In the Year 1698,

Lincoln City paid Lindsey Division,

Holland Division,

That in the Year 1699,

Lincoln City paid Lindsey Division,

Holland Division,

Resolved, That it appears to this House, that the Division of Kesteoen, in the County of Lincoln, have paid their full Proportion to the Land Tax in foe Year One thousand Six hundred and Ninety-eight.

Ordered, That Mr. Blofeld, Mr. Chomley, Mr. erly, Mr. Burridge, Mr. Soames, Mr. Champneys, Mr.

Swift, Sir Walt. Yonge, Sir John Kay, Mr. Sir

Isaac Rebow, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Gregory, Sir John Parsons, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the benefited Malt Lottery Tickets is referred.

I- 8. d.

-}; 1,695 6 6

36,909 1 10

- 43,944 12 2 i

1,083 8 0

- 26,736 2 2

- 9,708 9 2

-: 1,27 9 10

- 27,557 9 71

- 9,708 17 1

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Vo u 14.

Veneris, 19® die Ja;

3° Annte Regina.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That all Committees be revived. Committee!.

A Bill, to impower the Lord High Treasurer, or Com- Mason's missioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to com- Debt to the pound with John Mason, Gentleman, who was Receiver- Crown, general for the County, University, and Town of Cambridge, and Isle of Ely, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Fra.

Massam, Sir Robert Jenhinson, Mr. Freeman, Sir Cha.

Blois, Mr. Pigott, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Cesar, Mr.

Ogle, Mr. Clayton, Sir John Kay, Mr. Mr.

How, Sir Fra. Child, Mr. Scobell, Mr Sir

Hustler, Sir Cha. Hotham, Mr. Dryden, Sir Math. Dud- ley. Sir Wm. Drake, Lord Powlett, Mr. Mason, Mr.

Anstis, Mr. Gape, Mr. Gulston, Mr. Colce; and all, that serve for the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, Huntingdon, and Cambridge: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Bill, to enable William Cavendish, Esquire, to make Cavendish's a Settlement in Jointure upon any Wife he shall marry, Estate and for the better raising the Portions charged upon his Estate, and confirming of Enfranchisements of several Copyhold Estates, made by his Father, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Clayton, Sir Robert Dovers, Sir Fra.Massam, Mr. Pigott,

Sir Cha. Bloys, Mr. Coke, Mr. Freeman, Sir Dudley Cul-lum, Sir Edw. Turner, Mr. Aylmer, Lord Powlet, Sir Cha. Hotham, Sir Echo. Hussey, Sir Rickard Vivian, Sir William Hustler, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Aislaby, Mr. Lloyd; and all, that serve for foe Counties of Stafford and Derby:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Home and for severing and disuniting the Church or Chapel of Bletchingley Home, from the Church of Bletchingley, in the County Church, of Surrey, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, to enable Trustees to raise Money, Delve' for Payment of the Debts of Mark Delves, late of Estate. Cheriton-bishop, in the County of Devon, Esquire, deceased; by Sale of some Part of his Estate, during the Minority of Mark Delves, his only Son, and Heir, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill dopat/s; and that the Title be,

An Act to enable Trustees to raise Money, to pay fop Debts of Mark Delves, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Northmore do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That no more private Bills be brought into Private BUI , this House, during this Session, but such, as are already ordered.

An ingrossed Bill, for Sale of Part of foe Estate of Sands'

John Sands, Esquire, in the County of Surrey, for Payment of the Debts, and for raising Portions for Daughters, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that foe Title be.

An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of John Sands,

Esquire, in foe County of Surrey, for Payment of his Debts, and raising a Portion for his Daughter.

Ordered, That Mr. Onslow do carry foe Bill to foe Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Sir Gilbert Heathcot (according to Order) presented to Puaishing the House, a Bill, for foe Alteration of the Punishment of Burglary, burning in foe Cheek, into some other Punishment, that may be more effectual; and for rewarding such, as shall discover

488

19° —

A. 1704.

Nightly

Watch.

Lockhart's

Estate.

Abuses of Collectors of Taxes.

discover PefsoUs guilty of Burglary, and House-breaking: And the same \vas received, and read the Firfet time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Mathew Dudley (according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, for the better regulating the nightly Watch; and the same was received, and read the First lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford, and Mi . Rogers:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable James Lockhart, Esquire, and his Wife, to sell certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Essex, late of Sir Tho. Luchin, Baronet, deceased, for Payment of their Debts, and to purchase other Lands and Tenements with the Overplus of the Money, to be settled to the like Uses, with some Amendments; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill, for remedying the Abuses, committed by the Collectors of several publick Taxes therein mentioned, and to prevent issuing out Process, in case of Deficiencies on the Land Tax for the Year 1705, but against such Places, where such Deficiencies shall happen, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Richard Onslow, Sir TVm. Whitlock, Mr. Conyei's, Sir Edw. Hussey, Lord Powlet, Mr. Dry den, Sir John Mr.

Palmes, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Laugharne, Sir Sam. Garret, Sir Cha. Turner, Sir Robert , Mr. Gwym, Mr. Lercinz, Mr. Stringer, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Comyns, Mr. Crosse, Sir Tho. Hanmer, Sir Fra. Massam, Sir Jos. Jehyll, Sir JVa. Yonge, Mr. Walpole, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Clayton, Lord Dysert, Mr. Nayler, Mr. Eyres, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Onslow, Sir James How, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Clark, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Moor, Mr. Meyrick, Sir Cha. Bloys, Mr. Gulston, Mr. Monson, Mr. Halford, Mr. Cesar: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to make Provision, that Officers, who live out of the District or Division, where they are assessed, may pay their Assessments.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for relieving the Division of Kestecen, in the County of Lincolne, from any Process out of thA1 Exchequer, upon account of a Deficiency to the Land Tax in the Year 1698.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for the preventing the Sophistication of Wines.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for Qualification of Justices of the Peace.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Hanmer took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Hanmer reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when thfe House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Monday Morning next.

Recruiting Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning Land Forces, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill, for the better recruiting her Majesty's Land Forces, and the Marines,

Scotland — Security luiainst certain AcU.

A Bill, for the effectual securing the Kingdom of England from the apparent Dangers, that may arise from several Acts, lately passed in the Parliament of Scotland, was (according to Order) read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, to permit the Exportation of Irish Linen. Irish Linen to the Plantations, and to prohibit the Importation of Scotch Linen into Ireland, be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill, for making and keeping the Dun Navi-River Dun, in the County of York, more navigable and eation passable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, at the Charges of the Mayor, Aldermen, add Burgesses, of Doncaster, and such other Persons, as will undertake the same, be read a Second time upon Tuesday next, at One of the Clock.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Reynell, Sir Cha. Ease of Turner, Mr. Dodson, Sir Gere. Elwes, Mr. Mr. Sheriffs.

Anstis, Mr. Burridge, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill, for the Ease of Sheriffs in Execution of their Offices, and in passing their Accounts, is committed.

Ordered, That Sir Tho. Hanmer, Mr. Nicholson, Sir Stour Nnl Hen. Bunbury, Mr. Lawson, Mr. Cowper, Mr. Goring, gat, OD

Mr. Conyers, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill, for making the River Stour navigable from the Town of Maningtree, in Essex, to the Town of Sudbury, iu Suffolk, is committed *

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 20 die Januarii

3 Annas Regina:.

Praters.

Sophisticating Win

Justices of Peace Qualification.

\ BIL L, for vesting the Manor, and Capital Messuage, I Jl\. of Latchford, with the Appurtenances, and divers Freehold Messuages, Farms, and Lands, in Latchford and Hasely, in the Counly of Oxford, late the Estate of Wm. Lent hall, Esquire, deceased, and by him mortgaged to Sir John Cutler, Knight and Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, towards Payment of the said Debt, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Coningsby, Mr. Vice-chamberlain, Mr. Gerey, Mr. Brezcer, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Clayton, Mr. 'Sir

Robert Eden, Sir John Kay, Sir Robert Clayton, Sir Math. Dudley, Sir Fra. Massam, Marquis Hartington, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Hoblyn, Sir Hickman, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Pitt; and all, that serve for the Counties of Devon and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Lenlhall

Estate,

Mr. Solicitor-general (according to Order) presented Prohibiting to the House a Bill, for prohibiting all Trade and Com- Commerce merce with France; and the same was received.

om merce with France.

Ordered, That Mr. Vernon have Leave to go into the i ave of Country, for Recovery of his Health. Absence

[] The Order, for adding these Gentlemen to the Committee upon this Bill, entered in the Journal in this Place, is also, by Mistake, as appears from the Clerk's Minute Book, inserted immediately after the Order for the Second Beading of the Bill relating to ;he River J)un.

Ordered,

Coal Tract.

Answer to Address.

Scudamore's

Estate.

Whitfeild's

Estate.

Gains-

'borough

Vicarage.

Goddard's

Estate.

3 Ann. ao° Januarii.

Ordered, That Mr. Swift have leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to w hom the Petitions, relating to the Towns of and Yamnouth, concerning the Importation of Coals there, were referred, be made upon Thursday Morning next.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, that their Address having been presented to her Majesty, That she would be graciously pleased to advance the Money, for clearing the present Incumbrance upon the Lieutenancy and Rangership of the Parks, Rents, and Profits, of the Honour and Manor of Woodstock, and Hunched of Wooton, in order to the present Settlement thereof upon the Duke of Marlborough, and his Heirs; her Majesty was pleased to command him to acquaint this House, that she would give Direction therein, as is desired.

Overplus upon Ambrose Goddard, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That the Lord William Porwlett do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Bill, to permit the Exportation of Irish Linen to the Irish Plantations, and to prohibit the Importation of Scotch hinen-Linen into Ireland \was (according to Order) read a

Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill, after the Committee upon the Bill, for the effectual securing the Kingdom of England, from the apparent Dangers, that may arise from several Acts, lately passed in the Parliament of Scotland.

An ingrossed Bill, for vesting the Estate of Ambrose Scudamore, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of the Mortgage-money and Debts,thereupon, and for placing out the Residue of the Money at Interest, or vesting it in a Purchase, to the Use of Ann Scudamore, Widow, for her Life, and after to Win. Scudamore, eldest Son of the said Ambrose, his Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for Sale of the Estate of Ambrose Sc udamore, Esquire, deceased, for Payment of the Mortgage-money and Debts thereupon, and placing out the overplus Money to the Uses therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Colonel Colchester do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill, for Sale of certain Lands and Tenement? in or near the Parish of Heston, in the County of Middlesex, being formerly the Estate of Mathew Lister, and Frances his Wife, and Tim and his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Purposes in the Bill mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for Sale of certain Lands and Tenements in Heston, in the County of Middlesex, late the Estate of Mathew Lister, and his Wife, and Timothy Whitjeild, and his Wife, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Sir Frauds Massam do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill, for the Augmentation of the Vicarage of Gainsborough, in the County of was

read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made in the Saving, by inserting " and to the Vicars choral and Choristers of " the Cathedral Church of Lincoln, and their Successors."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for the Augmentation of the Vicarage of Gainsborough, in the County of Li

Ordered, That Sir Willoughby Hickman do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed- Bill, for vesting several Lands of Tho. Goddard, late of Rudlmo,in the County of Wilts, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, for Payment of his Debts, by Sale thereof, or so much, as shall be requisite for that Purpose, and for settling the ' Remainder upon Ajnbrose Goddard, his younger Son, for the Purposes in the said Tho. Goddard's Will mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for Sale of several Lands, late of Thomas Goddard, of Rudlow, in the County of Esquire, deceased, for Payment of his Debts, and for settling the

Vol. 14.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Promissory whom the Bill, for giving the like Remedy upon Notes, Notes, promising the Payment of Money, as is now used upon Bills of Exchange, was committed, be made upon Thursday next, at One a Clock.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Mom- Poor Relief, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill, for the better Relief, Employment, and Settlement, of the Poor.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into Persons in a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for Public Offices excluding out of the House of Commons all Persons in any Ollices or Employments, erected since the Sixth Day of February, 1684, or to be erected.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. King took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. King reported from the said Committee, that they had gone through foe Bill, and made some Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to persons resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon benefited by the Bill, to prevent Persons, who are entitled, by their Taxes not to Offices, to receive any Benefit by publick annual Taxes, be em to be granted, from being Members in Parliament, while they are in such Offices;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to except out of the said Bill all Flag Officers in the Navy, and Captains of Ships, and all General Officers in the Army, and all Colonels in the Land Forces, and in the Marines.

Then the House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Freeman took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Freeman reported from the said Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made some Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Monday Morning next, after the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for excluding out of the House of Commons all Persons in any Offices or Employments, erected since the Sixth Day of February,

1684, or to be erected, was committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Gulston, Sir Matth, Dudley, Sir Trafford' John Molemorth, Mr. Clerk, be added to the Committee, Estate, to whom the Bill, for making void the Marriage Settle-

6 H ment

Lord Esc rick' Estate.

Ix>rd

Escrick'

Estate.

l'ince's

Estate.

May's

Estate.

490 200 — 22° Januarii. . 1704.

ment of Wm. Trafford. Gentleman, and Clare, his Wife, The Lord Cormgsby (according to Order) presented to Earl of

and settling the Moiety of the Manor, Messuages, Tythes, the House a Bill, for Sale of several Estates in Ireland Burlington and Lands, therein mentioned, and intended to be pur- and England, for the Payment of the Debts of the late "< rk s

chased, on their eldest Son, and his Heirs, and for making Earl of Burlington and Cork; and the same was received,

Provision for their younger Children, is committed. and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Sir Math. Dudley, Sir Cha. Barrington, Mr. Fitch, Mr. Curson, Mr. Comyns, Mr. Freeman, The Lord William (according to Order) pre- Weeks' Debt

Sit John Mordant, Sir Edw. Hussey, Mr. Goreing, Mr. sented to the House a Bill, to impower the Lord High the Crow a.

Knatchbull, Mr. Bridgman, Sir Walt. Yonge, and all, Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the

that serve for the Counties of Hertford and Esses, be Time being, to compound with Michael Weeks, Esquire,

added to the Committee,' to whom the ingrossed Bill, late Receiver-general of the Plantation Duties in the Port from the Lords, intituled, An Act to vest the Estate of of LondonAnd the same was received, and read the Charles Lord Hmvard, Baron of Escrick, in Trustees, First time.

to sell the same, for the Payment of his Debts, is com- Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, mitted.

And then the House adjourned Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lunce, 22° die Januarii',

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hinxmau' till Monday to enable Joseph Hinxman, of North Hinton, in die Estate. County of Southampton, Esquire, to sell some Estates in Andover, in the said County, and for the settling other

— .11 Estates in Christ-church-twyneham, in the said County,

of a better Value, to the same Uses, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

3 Annas Regime.

Pit A Y E Its.

A PETITION of Fulke Esquire, was

presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there is a Bill depending in the House, to vest the Estate of Charles Lord Howard, Baron of Escrick, in Trustees, to sell the same, for Payment of his Debts; and, as the same is drawn, and passed the House of Lords, it will (as he is advised) weaken a Security the Petitioner hath in some of the Lands therein mentioned: And praying, that he may be heard by Counsel against the said Bill, before the same do pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the Consideration, of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard by his' Counsel, before foe Committee, thereupon, if he think fit

A Bill, to enable certain Trustees to make Sale of several Lands, and Chattel Estates, in foe County of Devon, and City and County of Exon, of Joseph Pince, for the Payment of his Debts and Legacies, charged upon his Estate, and for a Provision for himself, his Wife, and Family, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That foe Bill be committed to Mr. Snell, Sir Richard Vivian, Mr. Bulteele, Sir John Molesworth, Sir John Williams, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Brereton, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Crosse, Mr. Manley, Sir Robert Eden, Sir John Mordant, Mr. Shackerly, Sir Math. Dudley, Sir Walt a' Yonge, Mr. Blofield, Mr. Mason, Mr. North-more, Mr. Hicks, Mr. Halford, Mr. Saul, Mr. Clayton, Mr. King, Mr. Dryden; and all, that serve for the Counties of Cornwall and Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in foe Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill, for vesting some Part of the real Estate of Baptist May, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for reimbursing Charles May, Esquire, his Nephew, such Moneys, as he has expended, for discharging the Debts, Legacies, and Funeral Expences, of the said Baptist May, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Manley, Sir John Williams, Sir Jo. Mordant, Mr. Saul, Mr. Smith, Mr. Mason, Mr. Moncton, Mr. Northmore, Mr. England, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Clayton, Lord Conmgsby, Mr. Crosse, Mr. Hicks, Mr. Gape, Sir Hen. Parker, Lord Powlet, Mr. Pudsey, Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Mr. Harley, Mr. Morgan, Sir Robert Clayton, Sir Edw. Hussey, Mr. Dryden, Mr. Naylor, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Bingham; and all, that 9erve for foe Counties of Middlesex and Surrey: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Blathwaite (according to Order) presented to the Importing House a Bill, for importing naval Stores from the Plan- Naval Stores, tations; and foe same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) presented to the Supply Bill; House a Bill, for continuing Duties upon low Wines, and Low Winea. upon Coffee, Tea, Chocolate, Spices, and Pictures, and upon Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, and upon Muslins, and for granting new Duties upon several of the said Commodities, and also upon Callicoes, China-ware, and Drugs; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House (according to Order) proceeded to take Earl of into Consideration the Papers, from the Auditors of the RaneUgh'a Imprests, from the Comptroller and Commissioners of Accounts the Victualling, and the Deputy Remembrancer in relation to Prizes.

And the Auditors of the Imprests Report of the Sums disallowed in the Earl of RanelagKs Accounts, for Seven Years, ending Lady-day, 1699, as not being regularly vouched, according to the strict Rules of foe Exchequer, being again read;

This House being sensible of her Majesty's great Care, in obliging the Earl of Ranelasih to bring in his Ac-

O O 00

counts;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that she will be pleased to give Directions, to oblige the Earl of Ranelagh to bring his Accounts to a final Determination; and what shall appear to be due from him, upon the Balance of his said Accounts, that his Lordship be obliged to pay the same, to the Use of the Publick.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty, by such Members of this House, as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

The Return of foe Comptroller and Commissioners of Papillon' the Victualling, upon foe State of Mr. Papillon's Ac- Accountl-count, now under Examination, with the Exceptions made to the Articles of the said Accounts, and to the Vouchers for the same, were again read:

And also the Auditors of foe Imprests Report, relat- Parkhurst' ing to Mr. Parkhurst and Mr. Paschall, late Cornmis- and Paachall sioners of the Prizes, was again read: Account *

And the Queen's Remembrancer's Certificate, relating to the said Mr. Parkhurst and Mr. Paschall, was read, and is, as followeth; viz.

5

Ta

y Ann. 2 2 — 23° Januarii, 491

To tfre honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled:

IN Obedience to an Order of this honourable House, made the 11th Instant, requiring an Account of what Proceedings have been against Mr. and Mr.

Pascludl, late Commissioners of Prizes, in order to oblige them to bring in, and prosecute, their Accounts, her Majesty's Remembrancer doth humbly certify, that he hath no Record before him, whereby to make out Process against the late Commissioners for Prizes, during the last War, the Commission, by which they acted, not having been transmitted into his Office, to be there inrolled; for want whereof, it does not appear to the Remembrancer, who were the Commissioners, nor from what Time such Commission commenced; neither hath any Certificates been made to the Remembrancer, whereby any Process could be issued against the said Mr. hurst, and Mr. Paschall, to oblige them to bring in, and prosecute, their Accounts.

November 14,

1704. R. D. R. Regime.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that she will be pleased to give Direction, for the obliging Mr. Parkhurst and Mr. and the

rest of the Commissioners of Prizes, during the late War, to make up their Accounts, according to the Course of the Exchequer.

Ordered, That the said Address lie presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House, as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Nightly Ordered, That the Bill, for the better regulating the

Watch. nightly Watch, be read a Second time upon Thursday Morning next.

Justices of Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Peace Quali- whole House, to whom the Bill, for Qualification of hcation. Justices of the Peace, was. committed, be made upon Wednesday Morning next.

Recruiting Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn-Laud Forces, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill, for the better recruiting her Majesty's Land Forces, and the Marines.

Person in Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Public Offices whole House, to whom the Bill, for excluding out of the

Members. House of Commons all Persons in any Offices or Em-

em ers. pjoyments, erected since the Sixth Day of February, 1684,

or to be erected, was committed, be made upon IV day Morning next.

Persons Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the

benefited by whole House, to whom the Bill, to prevent Persons, who Taxes, not to are entitled, by their Offices, to receive any Benefit by be Members. pUk|jck annuai Taxes, to he granted, from being Members in Parliament, while they are in such Offices, was committed, be made upon Wednesday Morning next, after the Report of the Bill, for excluding out of the House of Commons all Persons in any Offices or Employments, erected since the Sixth Day of February,

1684, or to he erected.

Expiring Ordered, That Sir William Hustler, Sir Francis Massam, Laws. Sir Bryan Stapleton, Sir Robert , Mr. Clayton, Sir John Kay, Mr. Naylor, Sir Robert Havers, Mr. Pi got, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Lampl Mr. Mr. Renda, Mr. Gee, Mr. Norris, Mr. York, Mr. Halford, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Gery, be added to the Committee, to whom it is referred to examine, what Laws are expired, or near expiring, which are fit to be revived, or continued.

Lord Ordered, That Mr. Carezo, Sir Henry Parker, Mr.

Esc rick' Serjeant Girdler, Mr. Goreing, Mf. Moor, be added to

Eststs. the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, to vest the Estate of Cha. Lord Howard, Baron V01. 14.

of Escrick, in Trustees, to sell the same, for Payment of his Debts, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 23° die J

3 Annas Regime.

Prayers.

ABILL, for Sale of the Estate of Robert Hore, in rime's Hinton, in the County of Bucks, for Satisfaction of Estate, a Mortgage thereupon, and other his Debts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Marquis of Hartington, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Cesar, Mr. erley, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Hrake, Mr. Egerton, Lord Cheine, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Clayton, Sir Fra. Massam, Sir John Kay, Mr. Naylor, Sir Sam. Garret, Mr. Pudsey,

Mr. Palmes, Sir John Williams, Mr. 1'hornhagh, Mr.

Coke, Sir Cha. Hotham, Mr. Pitfeild; and all, that serve for the Counties of Bucks and Hertford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill, for Sale of the Estate of Tho. Hoi ford, Esquire, hi ford's in Plumbley, in the County of Chester, and elsewhere, to Estate, raise Money, for Payment of Debts, and purchasing an Estate in Possession, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Havers, Mr. Shackerley, Mr. Clayton, Sir Robert Eden,

Mr. York, Mr. Brett, Mr. Granvill, Earl of Orrery,

Mr. Aislaby, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Hryden, Mr. Soames,

Mr. Freeman, Mr. Palmes, Sir Sam. Garret, Mr. Asgill,

Mr. Guy, Mr. Brewer, Sir Fra. Mr. Bridgman, Sir Edw. Hussey, Mr. Blofeild, Sir Wm. Hustler, and all, that serve for the Counties of Chester and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Ogle reported from the Committee, to whom the Hatcher's Bill, for Sale of Part of the Estate of Tho. Hatcher, Estate. Esquire, for raising Money to pay his Debts, and for preventing several Doubts relating to the Execution of several Powers in his Marriage Settlement, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the said Amendments to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, jvith the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Sir William Hustler reported from the Committee, to Crow's whom the Bill, for Sale of several Lands and Tenements Estate, in the Counties of Hurham and Northumberland, late oft Patricius Crow, Esquire, deceased, for Payment of the Portions of his younger Children, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with tire Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table; where the same. were once read throughout, and then a Second time, Of\e by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr.

1 s

Hooper'

Estate.

Cook' Purchase of Annuities.

Itiddulph

Estat *

49 2

2 3° Januarii.

A. 1704.

Mr. Bi 'ewer reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill, for impowering Anna Hooper, Widow and Executrix of Robert Hooper, late of the Island of Barbadoes, deceased, by mortgaging a Plantation in the Barbadoes, or so much thereof, as shall be requisite to raise Five thousand Pounds, and thereby to pay, or secure, the Debts owing by the said Robert Hooper at the Time of his Death, yet remaining unpaid, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Dudley Cullum reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Samuel Cook, Gentleman, was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is, as followeth; viz;i

That it appeared to the Committee, by Certificate, signed by the Right Honourable the Lord that

John Holland, of London, Gentleman, did, on the 26th Day of February, pay into the Receipt of her Majesty's Exchequer the Sum of 120/: being One-third Part of 360/. for purchasing an Annuity, of 40/. per Annum, for one Lite; and also that John of London, Gen-

tleman, did, on the 24th Day of February, 1703, pay into the said Receipt of Exchequer, the Sum of 30/. One-third Part of 90/. for purchasing an Annuity of 101, per Annum, for one Life; and that the said John Holland and John Laycroft did, by Two several Instruments, dated the 6th and 7th Days of April, 1704, assign all the Right and Title to the several Sums to Mr. Samuel Cook the Petitioner; which said several Assignments were also produced to the Committee.

That it also appeared to the Committee, by Two Certificates, signed by Mr. Edwards and Mr. Burton, that the aforesaid Sums were paid to the Tellers of her Majesty's Receipt of Exchequer in due Time; and that the Second Payments for the same were not made by the Petitioner, to whom the said Annuities were assigned, by reason the Petitioner came- not to the Exchequer till the a6th of June, which was but a Day after the Time limited by Act of Parliament.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are to prepare, and bring in, the Bill, for the Relief of Bulk Ernes, and others, that they do make Provision therein for the Relief of the said Samuel Cook.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling of the Tythes of certain Lands in Frankton in the County of Warwick,upon Simon Biddulph, Esquire,

and his Heirs, and for settling a Rent-charge, in lieu thereof, upon the present Rector, and his Successors, for ever, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bromley, Mr. Annesley, Sir John Mordant, Mr. Scobell, Sir Hen-Parker, Sir Cha. Bloys, Lord Sir

Mr. Blqfeld, Sir Robert Clayton, Sir Tho. Hammer, Sir

Wm. Drake, Mr. Rowney, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Toke,

Sir Dudley Cullum, Sir John Wynn, Sir Edw. Hussey, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Sir Bryan -

ton. Sir John Kay, Sir Fra. M Sir Charles Hales,

Mr. Onslow, Mr. Haroey, Mr. Heme; and all, that serve for the Counties of Stafford and Warwick: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Gregory have Leave to go into the Leave of Country, for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

A Bill, for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with Prohibitim France, was read the First time. Commerce

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon wllt France' Friday Morning next.

A Bill, for the Alteration of the Punishment of burn- Punishiai ing in the Cheek, into some other Punishment, that may Burglary, be more effectual, and for rewarding such, as shall discover Persons guilty of Burglary and House-breaking, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gwyn,

Mr. Pultney, Mr. Smith, Mr. Scobell, Mr. Vaughan,

Sir Cha. Bloys, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Rudge, Sir Gil~ bert Heathcot, Mr. Cage, Sir Edw. Turner, Sir Fra.

Massam, Sir Humph. Mackworth, Sir Wm. Robinson, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. York, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Clark, Mr.

Freeman, Sir John Molesworth, Mr. Cesar, Sir Wm.

Hustler, Mr. Hoblyn, Sir John Kay, Mr. Toke, Mr. Naylor, Mr. Drake, Mr. Howe, Mr. Mr. Roberts, Mr. Levinz, Sir Phil.Botcler, Sir Roger Mostyn,

Sir Geo. Warburton, Sir Jos. Jekyll, Mr. Rowney, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Herne, Mr. Clayton,

Mr. Harney; and all, that serve for London and Westminster; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill against corresponding with her Majesty's Cormpoii-Enemies, was read the First time. dence Wllli

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Enemies.

Ordered, That the Bill for enlarging the Number, Regulating and regulating of Brokers, be read a Second time upon Broken. Thursday Morning next.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further ad- Call of the journed till this Day Sevennight. Hou»e.

A Petition of the Inhabitants, and Trader , within Button-the ancient Town of Wakefeild, in the County of York, making, and other, adjacent Parts, employed in the Woollen Manufactory of this Kingdom, ivas presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there is a Bill now depending in the House, for the making more effectual an Act, made in the 10th Year of his late Majesty's Reign, so as to restrain the making Buttons of Horns, Horse-hoofs,

Berries, and such-like Materials; which Act was made for the Encouragement of making Buttons of Needlework; but the same is evaded, and thereby the Consumption of the Woollen Manufacture, and the Turky Trade, is lessened: And praying, that the said Bill may pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed, be discharged from proceeding upon the said Bill; and that the Bill be referred to a private Committee.

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

TeUe fortheY gf- . }

Telle, for he Noes, } 93-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And it is referred to Sir Roger Mostyn, Sir Wm. Robinson, Mr. Aislaby, Mr. Dormer, Mr. Annesley, Mr.

Hunt, Mr. Moor, Sir Wm. Drake, Colonel Colchester,

Lord Coningsby. Mr. Johnson, Sir Henry Bunbury, Mr. Shackerly, Sir Fra. Windham, Sir Nich. Morris, Marquis Hartington, Mr. Ward, Sir Phil. Sydenham, Sir

Cha.

Scotland — Security against certain Acts.

Irish Linen

Don Navigation

Ease of Sheriffs.

Duke of

Devonshire's

Estate.

3 Ann. 230 — 24° Januarii. 493

Cha. Turner, Sir Geo. Warburton, Mr. Bertie, Sir John Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally

Kay, Sir Rich. Vivian, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Saul, put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Cesar, Sir John Molesworth, Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Mr. Haw, Mr. Scobell, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Bridges, Mr. ingrossed.

Hoblyn, Mr. Anstis; and all, that come, are to have

Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a A Petition of William Nanny, Clerk, Heir Male of Nanny's Clock, in the Speakers Chamber. Hugh Nanny, lately deceased, was presented to the House,

Ordered, That all the Petitions, relating to the said and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner finds by the Bill, which have been referred to the Committee of the Votes, there is a Bill depending in the House, for con-whole House, be referred to the Consideration of the said firming and making good the last Will and Testament of Committee; and that such of the Petitioners, as have by Hugh Nanny, Esquire, deceased: That he is informed, their Petitions desired to be heard by their Counsel, be and hath good Reason to believe, that Part of Hugh's heard before the said Committee thereupon accordingly, Estate is by ancient Deeds settled upon the Heirs Male;

if they think fit and that the Entail hath not been docked: Arid praying,

that he may be heard by Counsel before the Committee,

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a to whom the said Bill is committed.

Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for the Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition

effectual securing the Kingdom of England from the ap- be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is parent Dangers, that may arise from several Acts, lately committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, if he think passed in the Parliament of Scotland. fit, by his Counsel, before the Committee, thereupon.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor-general took the Chair of the Committee. An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act "I Air. Speaker resumed the Chair. for severing and disuniting the Church or Chapel of cimxhf

Air. Solicitor-general reported from the said Com- Home from the Church of Blechinglcy, in the County of mittee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made Surrey, was read a Second time.

some Amendments thereunto, which they had directed Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert , him to report, when the House will please to receive the Davers, Sir Onslow, Sir Jos. Air. Bertie,

same. . Mr. Conyers, Mr. Moncton, Sir Roger Mostyn, Air.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Thursday veils, Mr. Curson, Mr. Whitaker, Sir Hen. Bunbury,

Morning next Lord Mr. Soames, Mr. Dashwood, Mr.

Goring, Mr. Air. Shackerly, Sir Robei't,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Mora- Lord Cheine, Mr. Blofeild, Sir John Kay, Mr. Clayton, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Lord Mr. Harvey, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Bertie,

House, upon the Bill, to permit the Exportation of Irish Air. Lawson', and all, that serve for the Counties of Linen to the Plantations, and to prohibit the Importa- Surrey and Sussex: And they are to meet this After-tion of Scotch Linen into Ireland. noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Bill, for making and keeping the River Dun, in the County of York, more navigable and passable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, at the Charges of the Alayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of Doncaster, and such other Persons, as will undertake the same, be read a Second time Tomorrow, at One a Clock.

Ordered, That Sir Samuel Garret, Mr. Shacket'ly, Sir John Wynn, Mr. Clayton, Sir William Hustler, Mr. Mey-rick, Mr. Blofeld, Mr. Lawson, Mr. Snell, Mr. North-more, Mr. Johnson, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill, for the Ease of Sheriffs, in the Execution of their Offices, and in passing their Accounts, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 24 die;

3 Annas Regina.

Praters.

SIR Joseph Jekill reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill, for vesting in Trustees certain Manors and Lands of William Duke of Devonshire, and Wm. Alarquis of Hartington, his eldest Son, to enable them to mortgage the same, for Payment of Debts, and subject thereunto, to settle the same to the like Uses, as the same are now settled, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Vox. H.

An ingrossed Bill, to impower the Lord High Trea- Biddulph' surer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time ?ebt 10 tb being, to compound with Sir Michael Baronet, ftwn

One of the Sureties for Morgan Whitley, Esquire, Receiver-general for the Counties of Chester and North Wales, was read the Third time.

And some Amendments were proposed to be made; viz.

Pr. 2. L. To leave out " Seven," and insert " Four and L. to leave out " Four," and insert " Seven," instead thereof.

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act to impower the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with Sir Michael Biddulph, Baronet, as he was One of the Sureties for Morgan Whitley, Esquire, Receiver-general for the Counties of Chester and North Wales.

Ordered, That the Lord William Powlett do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill, to enable Edmond Waller, Esquire, to Waller' charge his Estate, not settled upon his Wife in Jointure, E»tate» with a Sum of Money, for Payment of his Debts, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be.

An Act to enable Edmond Waller Esquire, to charge his Estate, not settled upon his Wife in Jointure, with a Sum of Aloney, for Payment of his Debts.

Ordered, That the Lord Cheyne do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

The Lord William Powlett reported from the Com- Whitley' mittee, to whom the Bill, to impower the Lord High Debt to ih Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury; for the Crown.

61 Time

Abuses of Collectors Taxes

Supply Bill; Low Wines.

Sophisticate ing Wines.

Justices of Peace Qualification.

'Persons in PublicOlfices not to be ‘Members.

Persons benefited by Taxe not to be Members.

494

24" — 25° Januarii. A. 1704.

Time being, to compound with Thomas , Esquire,

One of the Sureties for Morgan Esquire, late

Receiver-general for the Counties of Chester and North Wales, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and made some Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Richard Onslow reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill, for remedying the Abuses, committed by the Collectors of several publick Taxes therein mentioned, and to prevent issuing out Process, in case of Deficiencies on the Land Tax for the Year 1705, but against such Places, where such Deficiencies shall happen, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, with an Amendment to Clause B; and other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Bill; for making and keeping the Dub River Dun, in the County of York, more navigable and Navigation, passable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, at the Charges of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of Doncaster, and such other Persons, as will undertake the same, be read a Second time upon Friday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday next, Poor Relief, at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill, for the better Relief, Employment, and Settlement, of the Poor.

Ordered, That Mr. Dormer, Sir Gilbert Mr. NannyWill.

Pitt, Mr. Bridgman, Sir Richard Onslow, Sir Walter Yonge, Mr. To])ham, Mr. Sharp, Mr. lie added

to the Committee, to whom the Bill, for confirming and making good the last Will and Testament of Hugh Nanny, Esquire, deceased, is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Pigott, Mr. Blowfeild, Mr. Cotvper, Button- Mr. Jolliffe, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Cesar, Mr. making.

Mr. Crosse, Mr. Gery, Mr. Monson, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Gilbert Heathcot, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Clayton, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill, for making more effectual an Act made in the Tenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, so as to restrain the making Buttons of Horns, Horse-hoofs, Berries, and such-like Materials, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

A Bill, for continuing Duties upon low Wines, and upon Coffee, Tea, Chocolate, Spices, and Pictures, and upon Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, and upon Muslins, and for granting new Duties upon several of the said Commodities, and also upon Callicoes, China-ware, and Drugs, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for the preventing the Sophistication of Wines.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for Qualification of Justices of the Peace, was committed, be made upon Saturday Morning next.

Mr. King reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for excluding out of the House of Commons all Persons in any Offices or Employments, erected since the Sixth Day of February, 1684, or to be erected, was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, except Clause B, which was disagreed to; and another Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, to prevent Persons, who are entitled, by their Offices, to receive any Benefit by publick annual Taxes, to be granted, from being Memr bers in Parliament, while they are in such Offices, was committed, be made Tomorrow Morning,

Jovis,25 die Januarii',

3 Annas Regina.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill, for Sale of the Estate of Richard Ball'# Estate

Ball, in Little Appulby and Great in the

Counties of Leicester and Derby, and for laying out so much of the Money, as will purchase another Estate, of equal Value, to be settled to the same Uses, and the Residue in making Provision for younger Children, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act for Sale of the Estate of Richard Ball, in Little Appulby and Great Appulby, in the Counties of Derby and Leicester, and for laying out so much of the Money, as will purchase another Estate, of equal Value, to be settled to the same Uses, and the Residue in making Provision for younger Children.

Ordered, That Mr. Coke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Leave be giveh to bring in a Bill, for Punishing punishing Mutiny, Desertion, and false Musters, and for Mutiny and the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters; and that DeserUon- Mr. St.John, the Lord Coningsby, and Sir Thomas

Littleton, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for Raising the

Saising the Militia for the Year 1705, although the Militia. Jonth's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid; and that the Lord Coningsby and Mr. Lowther do prepare, and bring in, the Bilk

A Petition of Catharine Countess Dowager of Aber-corne, and John Lent hall, her Son, an Infant, under the Age of One-and-twenty Years, on behalf of themselves, and other the Coheirs of William Esquire, de-

ceased, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there is a Bill depending in the House, for vesting the Manor, and Capital Messuage, of with the Appurtenances, and divers Freehold Messuages, Farms, and Lands, in Latchford and Haseley, in the County of Oxon, late the Estate of William Lenthall, Esquire, deceased, and by him mortgaged to Sir John

Cutler,

Cutler'#

Estate.

Drake's, &c. Debt to the Crown.

Expiring

Laws

3 Ann. 250 Januartu 495

Cutler, Knight and Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, to be Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said sold, towards Payment of the said Debt; That the Peti- Resolutions; and that Sir Mathew Dudley do prepare, tioners are advised, the said Premises wore so settled, that and bring in, the same, the said Mr. Lmthall had no Power to dispose thereof:

And praying, that they may be heard by their Counsel, An ingrossed Bill, to impowef the Lord High Trea- Cobbt's Debt-before the said Bill do pass this Houses surer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time the Crown,

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition being, to compound with Richard Esquire, One

be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is of the Sureties of Thomas Cobbe, Gentleman, deceased, committed; and that the Petitioners be heard by their Receiver-general for the County of , and

Counsel, before the Committee, thereupon, if they think Isle of Wight, was read the Third time, fit. Resolved, That the Bill do pass, and that the Title be,

An Act to iropower the Lord High Treasurer, or Com-An ingrossed Bill, to impower the Lord High Trea- missioners of the Treasury, to compound with Richard surer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time Cobbef Esquire, as One of the Sureties for Cobbe, being, to compound with John Drake, John Hunton, and Gentleman, deceased, Receiver-general for the County Edmund Cock, Sureties for Augustine Briggs, Receiver- of Southampton, and Isle of Wight. general for the County of Norjolk, and City of Norwich, Ordered, That the Lord William Powlct do carry the was read the Third time. Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence there-

iResolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, unto.

An Act to impower the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of1 the Treasury, to compound with John A Bill, for the better enforcing the Execution of the Clandestine Drake, John Hunton, and Edmond Cock, as Sureties for Law for preventing clandestine Outlawries in personal Outlawries. Augustine Briggs, Receiver-general for the County of Actions, was read a Second time.

Norfolk, and City of Norwich. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Ordered, That the Lord William Pmolett do carry Mr. Hutchinson, Sir John Kay, Mr. Vaughan, Sir John the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence there- Williams, Mr. York, Sir Isaac Rebcrw, Sir

unto. Sir Jacob Sir Mr. Colonel

Bverley, Mr. Cesar, Colonel Colchester, Sir Robert Eden,

Sir Mathew Dudley reported from the Committee, to ' Mr. Crosse, Mr. Gwyn, Sir Stapleton, Mr. Gery, Mr. whom it was referred to examine, what Laws are expired, Toke, Mr. Carey, Sir Wm. Hustler, Sir Gilbert Dolben, or near expiring, which are fit to be revived and continued; Mr. Thornhagh', and all the Gentlemen of the Long that they had examined the same accordingly, and had Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at, Live a come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him Clock, in the Speakers Chamber, to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and

afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee;

same wrere read, and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Mr. Coke reported' from the Committee, to whom the Cadogan' That the Act, made in the Sixth and Seventh Years of Bill, to naturalize Margarita Cecilia Cadogan, Wife of Nat. . the Reign of the late King William the Third (intituled, Brigadier-general Cadogan, was committed; that they An Act to prevent Exactions of the Occupiers of Locks had made several Amendments to the Bill, wdiich they nd Wears upon the River of Thames Westward, and had directed him to report to the House; Which he for ascertaining the Rates of Water-carriage upon the read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards said River) which will expire at the End of the next delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were Session of Parliament, after the Fiist Day of May next, once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by is fit to he continued. one; and, upon the Question severally1 put thereupon,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, agreed unto by the House.

That the Act, made in the Seventh and Eighth Years of Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

the Reign of the late King William the Third (intituled, ingrossed.

An Act for the more easy Recovery of small Tythes)

which was to continue for Three Years, and from thence Mr. Freeman reported from the Committee, to whom Bludworth' to the End of the next Sessions of Parliament; and which the Bill, for vesting the Estate of Charles Estate.

Act was further continued by an Act, made in the Tenth Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment and Eleventh Years of the Reign of the said King of his Debts, was committed; that they had examined William the Third, for Seven Years, from the Expiration the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be

thereof; which will expire at the End of the next Sessions true; and that the Parties concerned bad given their

of Parliament after the Year 1705, is fit to be made Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; perpetual. and that the Committee had directed him to report the

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, same to the House, without any Amendment: And he That the Act, made in the Eighth and Ninth Years of delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table, his said late Majesty King William the Third (intituled, Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

An Act for the easier obtaining Partitions of Lands in

Coparcenary, Joint-tenancy, and Tenancy in common) Sir Dudley Cullum (according to Order) presented to the Payment of which will expire at the End of the next Sessions of House a Bill, for Payment of several Annuities to the Annuitie . Parliament after the First Day of May, 1704, is fit to Persons therein mentioned; and the same was received, be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (according to Order) Granting That the Act, made in the First Year of her present Ma- presented to the House a Bill, for better enabling her Woodstock jesty's Reign (intituled, An Act for continuing former Majesty to grant the Honour and Manor of Woodstock, j arlbo-Acts, for exporting Leather, and for Ease of Jurors, with the Hundred of Wootton, to the Duke of Marlbo- rong)i. and for reviving, and making more effectual, an Act, rough, and his Heirs; and the same was received, and relating to Vagrants, an Act for the Ease of Jurors, and read the First time.

better regulating of Juries) being continued from the Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

First Day of May, 1703, for Seven Years, is fit to be

made perpetual. Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee of the whole Scotland —

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second House, to whom the Bill, for the effectual securing the Sccur|W time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, Kingdom of England from the apparent Dangers, that may agreed unto by the House. ' arise from several Acts, lately passed in the Parliament

Vol. H, 7 of

Coal Trade.

Promissory

Kotei.

Persons in Public Offices not to be Members.

Rightly

Watch.

496

35 — 26° Januariu

of Scotland, was committed, die Amendments, which they had directed him to report to the House: WhichTie read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were Once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon (with some Amendments to some of them) agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, To prohibit the Importation of Scotch Coals into England, or Ireland, until the Succession to the Crown of Scotland be setded in the same Manner, as the Succession to the Crown of England is now setded:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up; and the Clause amended; and afterwards, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, To prohibit the Importation of Scotch Linen as aforesaid:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up;-and afterwards, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the BUI.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That the Commissioners shall not treat of any Alteration of the Liturgy, Ceremonies, or Government of the Church, as by Law established, within this Realm: -

And the same was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petitions relating to the Towns of Lyn and Yarmouth, concerning the Importation of Coals there, were referred, be made upon Saturday Morning next

1704.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill, for the better recruiting her Majesty's Land Forces, and the Marines.

Ordered, That the Bill for enlarging the Number and regulating, of Brokers, be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House wUl, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, to permit the Exportation of Irish Linen to the Plantations, and to prohibit the Importation of Scotch Linen into Ireland.

Mr. Freeman (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, to prevent Persons, who are entitled, by thoir Offices, to receive any Benefit by publick annual Taxes, to be granted, from being Members in Parliament, while they are in such Offices, was committed, the Amendments, made by the Committee to the Bill: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, except Clause A.

Clause A, being again read, That *

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by adding " nor to the Officers in her Majesty's Fleet " or Army

And the Question being put, That those Words bo . added accordingly;

It passed in the Negative.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill, for giving the like Remedy, upon Notes, promising the Payment of Money, as is now used upon Bills of Exchange, was committed, be now received.

Mr. Eyres accordingly reported to the House the Amendments, the Committee had made to the Bill; which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That no Corporation shall have more Power to issue out any Notes, than they had before the Act:

And the same was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That no Acceptance of any Inland Bills shall be sufficient to charge any Person, unless the same be underwritten:

And the same was twice road, with Blanks; which were filled up; and the Clause amended; and afterwards, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, for excluding out of the House of Commons all Persons, in any Offices or Employments, erected since the Sixth Day of February, 1684, or to be erected, be read the Third time upon day Morning next.

Ordered, That the Bill, for the better regulating the nightly Watch, be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Colonel Thompson, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Pudsey, Mr. Moncton, Mr. England, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Harley, Mr. Brett, Mr. Naylor, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill, to enable William Esquire, to make a Settlement, in Jointure, upon any Wife he shall marry, and for the better raising the Portions charged upon his Estate, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till To-mofrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 26 d

3 Annas Regina.

Prayers.

A BILL for Payment of several Annuities to the Persons therein mentioned, was read the First

time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill, for Sale of several Estates in Ireland and England, for the Payment of the Debts of the late Earl of Burlington and Cork, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Wm. Pcavlett, Sir John Packington, Lord Coningsby, Sir Nich. Pelham, Mr. Soarnes, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Bertie, Sir Robert Eden, Sir John Kay, Mr. Pudsey, Mr. Naylor, Mr. Lowther, Colonel Stringer, Mr. Gay, Mr. Lloyd, Sir Dudley Cullum, Colonel Lee, Mr. Solicitor-general, Mr. Conyers, Mr. St. John, Colonel Godfrey, Mr. Moor, Mr. Dormer, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Palmes; and all, that serve for the Counties of York and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of William Busfeild, Esquire, Philazer for London and Middlesex, was presented to the House, and

read;

Recruiting Land Forces

Regulating

Brokers.

Irish Lioeu.

Persons benefited by Taxes not to be Members.

Cavendish'

Estate.

Payment of Annuities.

Earl of Burlington and Cork'? Estate.

Clandestine

Outlawries.

Weeks' Debt to the Ci own.

Hinxman's

kltUiie'

Guy'

Estate.

Fechells', &c. Nat.

Williams'

Estate.

3 Ann. i6° Januani.497

read; setting forth, that the Petitioner is a Purchaser, for valuable Consideration, of his Office, or Freehold, for his Life; and if the Bill, depending in the House, to enforce the Execution of the Laws, to prevent clandestine Outlawries in personal Actions, should pass, it w ill greatly prejudice his Interest, and render the Proceedings to the Outlaw ry impracticable: And praying, that he may be heard by Counsel against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard by his Counsel thereupon, before the Committee, if he think lit.

A Bill, to impower the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to' compound with Michael I Fecks, Esquire, late Receiver-general of the Plantation Duties in the Port of London, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Committee, to whom the Bill, to impower the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with Sir Michael Biddulph, Baronet, as One of the Sureties for Morgan Esquire, Receiver-general for the Counties of Chester and A orthWtales, was committed; and that the Committee be revived, and do sit this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the former Place appointed.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Joseph Hhitman, of North Hinton, in the County of Southampton, Esquire, to sell some Estates in Andover, in the said County, and for the settling other Estates in Christchurch-twijncham, in the said County, of a better Value, to the same Uses, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Rowlett, Sir Rich. Onslow, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Naylor, Sir John Kay, Sir Fra. Child, Mr. Holmes, Sir Wa. Yonge, Mr. Bere, M r. Smith, Mr. Halsey, Sir Turner, Mr. Gulston, Mr. Cesar, Sir IVm. Strickland, Mr. Freeman, Mr. York, Sir Ch Mr. Blofcild, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Crosse, Mr.;

and all, that serve for the Counties of Southampton, Dorset, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, for vesting the Estate, late of Thomas Guy, Gentleman, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of his Debts, was read the Third time.

Au Amendment was proposed, Press 5. L. 36. to leave out " Bonds to," and after " Judgments" to insert " and Bonds."

And the same was, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for vesting the Estate, late of Tho. Guy, Gentleman, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of his Debts.

Ordered, That Mr. Hoblyn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Rich. Halford, and Mr. Iiiccocks:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Jacob Fechells, Elias Landes, Francis Lacroix, and others; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of several Manors and Lands, in the Counties of Hereford, Radnor, and Brecon, for Payment of the Debts of Richard and Thomas late of Cabalva,

in the County of Radturr, Esquire, deceased, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Vol. 14.

An ingrossed Bill, for vesting an Estate, mortgaged in Fee by Thomas Burr Vo Anthony Tomkins {now in Infants) in Trustees, to re-convey the Estate to the said Tho. Burr, or as he shall appoint, upon Payment of all the Moneys due on the said Mortgage, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for vesting an Estate, mortgaged in Fee by Tho. Burr to Anthony Tomkins (now in Infants) in Trustees, to re-convey the Estute to the said Thomas Burr, or as he shall appoint, upon Payment of all the Moneys due on the said Mortgage.

Ordered, That Mr. Caesar do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom it w as referred to examine into the Matter of a Letter, sent to Mr. Lowndes, and the Author of it, be made upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the late Commissioners, for taking the Account of the Army, do lay before this House, An Account of their Proceedings upon the several Matters, referred to them by Virtue of the several Acts of Parliament, since their last Account laid before this House.

A Bill, for importing Naval Stores from the Plantations, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the w hole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill, for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France, be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

A Petition of the Turkey and Italian Merchants, trading in Coffee, in behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there is a Bill depending in the House, for continuing Duties upon low Wines, and upon Coffee, Tea, Chocolate, Spiees, and Pictures, and upon Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, and for granting new- Duties upon several of the said Commodities: That the said Bill is with Design to lay further Duties upon all Coffee in the Hands of any Merchant, Drugster, or wholes i.e Dealer; which will be a Hardship upon the Petition's, they having but lately received some Parcels, which have run great Hazards by Sea, and paid the several Duties, already charged thereon, and are the entire Proceed of the Woollen Manufacture, and other the Products of England, and have been fairly imported: And praying, that their Stocks of Coffee in hand may not be further charged with any other Duty.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the grieved Shopkeepers of the Borough of Tregoncy, in the County of against continu-

ing and licensing Hawkers and Pedlars, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners have seen a printed Proposal, under the Title of improving her Majesty's Revenue, by suppressing of Hawkers and Pedlars, and are willing to pay chearfully their Proportion therein stipulated: And praying that the Suppression of Hawkers and Pedlars may effectually be done, as tending to a national Good.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for continuing the Duties upon low- Winos, and upon Coffee, Tea, Chocolate, Spices, and Pictures, and upon Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, and upon Muslins, and for granting new Duties upon several of the said Commodities, and also upon Callicoes, China-ware, and Drugs, is committed.

6 K A Petition

Burr'®

Estate.

Letter received by Mr. Lowndes, offering a Bribe.

Commissioners for Army Accounts.

Importing Naval Stores.

Prohibiting Commerce with France.

Duties on Coffee.

Hawkers and Pedlars.

Low Wi«l'

Supply Bill; Low Wines

Regulating

Brokers.

Cavendish's

'Estate.

Wharfs near

London

Bridge.

Leave of Absence.

Hawkers and Pedlars.

498 26° — $7° Janutirii. . 1704.

A Petition of several Distillers of malted Com, on behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that several Disputes have arisen between the Commissioners of Excise, and the Petitioners, with respect to the Charges made by the Gaugers of the low Wines, and Spirits, made from the same: That in an Act, made in the Third Year of the late King William, it was enacted, That a Proportion of the Wash, made from Molosses, should be charged in low Wines, and a Proportion of the low Wines as Spirit; since which no Disputes have arisen between the Commissioners, and Distillers, thereupon: And praying, that the House will proportion the Charges from malted Corn in such Manner, as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whold House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Then the House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had made some Progress in the Bill'; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, for the better regulating the nightly Watch, be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

0 r

Ordered, That the Bill, for enlarging the Number, and regulating, of Brokers, be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Balch, Mr. Thornhagh, Sir Tho. Wroth, Mr. Gape, Sir John Mordant, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Winstanlcy, Mr. Snell, be added to the

Committee, to whom the Bill to enable TVm. Cavendish, Esquire, to make a Settlement upon any Wife he shall

tnarry, and for better.....the Portions, charged upon his Estate, is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Pendarois, Mr. Mason, Mr. Dodson, Mr. Woollaston, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants and Traders in London, relating to the Wharfs and Key3 between Tower Dock and London Bridge, is referred.

whom the Bill, for continuing Duties upon low Wines, and upon Coffee, Tea, Chocolate, Spices, and Pictures, and upon Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, and upon Muslins, and for granting ne\V Duties upon several of the said Commodities, and also upon Callicoes, China-wares, and Drags, is committed.

A Petition of Katharine Spencer, Executrix of lVilliam \Vicks' Kant, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; Debt to the setting forth, that the House having given Leave to bring CroW" in a Bill, to impower the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, to compound with Michael Wicks, Esquire, late Receiver-general of the Plantation Duties in the Port of London, upon the said Mr. Wicks'

Petition, the Petitioner is entitled to the Recompelice, agreed to be given to her late Husband by the Lords of the Treasury, for discovering the Estate of the saiid Mr.

JTicks, as may appear by her present Case, annexed to her Petition: And praying the House to give her such Relief therein, as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants of Irish Linen. Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, Merchants,

Traders, and Manufacturers of Linen and Woollen Cloths, and other Goods called Manchester Wares, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands of Families, subsisting by the manufacturing of the Goods and Wares aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there being a Bill in the House, to permit the Exportation of Irish Linen to the Plantations, and to prohibit the Importation of Scotch Linen into IreUnid, the Petitioners conceive, if it should pass, it will be extremely detrimental to them, and many Counties in England, it tending greatly to the Discouragement, not only of the English Linen Manufactory, which cannot be made at so low Prices, as in Ireland, but also of the Woollen Manufactures, which being exported to Holland, Ham borough, and the East, Returns are made in Linen Yarn,

Flax, and such-like Commodities, and they manufactured here, and then exported to the Plantations; And praying the Consideration of the House therein, so as the least Discouragement may not happen to the Trades and Manufactories aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, to permit the Exportation of Irish Linen to the Plantations, and to prohibit the Importation of Scotch Linen into Ireland, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 27 die;

3 Annas Regina.

Praters.

ORDERED, That Mr. Bassett have Leave to go into tire Country, for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Petition of the grieved Shopkeepers, dwelling in the Corporation of Beverley, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there has come to the Petitioners Hands a well-stated printed Proposal, to improve her Majesty's Revenue, by suppressing Hawkers and Pedlars: The Petitioners are heartily willing to pay their Proportions therein mentioned: And praying, that all Hawkers and Pedlars may be suppressed, pursuant to the said Proposal, or otherwise, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to tho Committee of the whole House, to

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants in and about Hawkers and the Town of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, PedUua. was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners are fixed and settled Inhabitants, paying all Taxes, and Parish Duties; yet, by reason of an Act of Parliament, made in the 9th and 10th Years of his late Majesty's Reign, for laying several Duties upon Hawkers and Pedlars, the Petitioners are accounted as such, because the Petitioners, who are Wholesale Dealers in the Linen and Woollen Manufactories, cannot carry on their Trades to the usual Places they go to, without Horse-carriage only; which they conceive not to be the-Intent of the said Act: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for continuing Duties upon low Wines, and upon Coffee, Tea, Chocolate, Spices, and Pictures, and upon Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, and upon Muslins, and for granting new Duties upon several of the said Commodities, and also upon Callicoes, China-ware, and Drugs, is committed.

A Petition of the grieved Shopkeepers in the City of Ditto. Hereford, against continuing the licensing Hawkers and Pedlars, was presented to the House, and read; setting

forth,

Malett's Debt to the Crown

T!atelier *

Estate.

Crow £ tales

four Relief.

Granting Wood block to Duke of Marlborough.

3 Ank.

27# Jattuarii.

499

forth, that the Petitioners having seen a well-stated printed Proposal under Title to improve her Majesty's Revenue, by suppressing of Hawkers and Pedlars; they pray, that the same may be put in Execution, it being a national good Service.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the w hole House, to whom the Bill, for continuing Duties upon low Wines, and upon Coffee, Tea, Chocolate, Spices, and Pictures, and upon Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, and nj)on Muslins, and for granting new Duties upon several of the said Commodities, and also upon Callicoes, China-wai'e, and Drugs, is committed.

Mr. Palmer reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill, for vesting all the Estate of Baldwui Esquire, in the Counties of Somerset and Devon, and elsewhere, in some Trustee, or Trustees, either to be sold, or mortgaged, for Payment of his Debt to her Majesty, as he was Receiver-general for the County of Somerset, and City and County of the City of in the Years 1702

and 1703, and to vest the Residue in Malett, his

Heirs and Assigns as by Agreement between him, and the said William, his Son' and Heir, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill, for Sale of Part of the Estate of Thomas Hatcher, Esquire, for raising Money to pay his Debts, and for preventing several Doubts, relating to the Execution of several Powers in his Marriage Settlement, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for raising Money for Payment of the Debts of Thomas Hatcher, Esquire, by Sale, or Mortgage, of some

Part of his Estate, and for the better Execution of several towers in his Marriage Settlement

Ordered, That Mr. Ogle do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill, for Sale of several Lands and Tenements in the Counties of Durham and Northumberland, late of Patricius Crowt Esquire, deceased, for the raising

the Portions charged thereupon for his younger Children, was read the Thii d time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for Sale of several Lands and Tenements in the Counties of Durham and Northumberland, late of Patricius Crow, Esquire, deceased, for Payment of the Portions of his younger Children.

Ordered, That Sir William Hustler do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday next, at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself-into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill, for the better Relief, Employment, and Settlement, of the Poor; and nothing to intervene.

A Bill, for better enabling her Majesty to grant the Honour and Manor of Woodstock, with the Hundred of

Wootton,to the Duke of M, and his Heirs, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Mom-Voi. 14.

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) prdsehted to the Supply Bill > House a Bill, for granting to her Majesty a further Sub- Subsidy on sidy on Wines and Merchandizes imported, and a new Duty on such East India Goods, prohibited to be worn in England, as shall be exported for Ireland, or her Majesty's Plantations; and the same was received.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Seven- Sophiiticd-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ting Wm«. upon the Bill for the preventing the Sophistication of Wines.

K

Sir Thomas Hammer (according to Order) reported from justice of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, Peace Qu . for Qualification of Justices of the Peace, was committed, bfication the Amendments, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed, and the rest (with some Amendments to some of them) agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill

And the same was twice i ead, and amended; and af» terwahls, upon the Question put thereupon, agteed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill

And the same was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

OrderedThat the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

grossed.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Coat Trade, whom the Petitions, relating to the Towns of Lyn and

Yarmouth, concerning the Importation of Coals there, were referred, be made upon this Day Sevennight, and nothing to intervene.

An ingrossed Bill, for excluding out of the House of Persons in Commons all Persons in any Offices or Employments, Public Offices erected since the Sixth Day of February, 1684, or to be Members, erected, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made, Press 1st,

L. alter " Offices" to insert " Places."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be.

An Act for excluding out of the House of Commons all Persons in any Offices or Employments, erected since the Sixth Day of February, One thousand Six hundred Eighty-four, or to be erected.

Ordered, That Mr. King do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill, to prevent Persons, who are entitled, Person bene-by their Offices, to feceive any Benefit by publick an- £t d uy nual Taxes, to be granted, from being Members in Parlia- * ment, while they are in such Offices, was read the Third b Mcmbtri. time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put.

That the Bill do pass;

The House divided i

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,£ J|[; esar ? } 133-

Tellers for the Noea, Walpole '»

So

Nightly

Watch.

Regulating

Brokers.

Cavendish's

Estate.

May's

Estate.

Committees.

Nodes

Estate.

Hawkers and Pedlar *

500 37° — 290

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, for the better regulating the nightly Watch be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next

Januarii. A. 1704.

and upon Coffee, Tea, Chocolate, Spices, and Pictures, and upon Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, and upon Muslins, and for granting new Duties upon several of the said Commodities, and also upon Callicoes, China-ware, and Drugs.

Ordered, That the Bill, for enlarging the Number, and regulating of Brokers, be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. LaughamMr. Vaughan, Mr. Meyrick, Mr. Rice, Mr. Monson, Mr. Walsh, Sir John Wynn, Mr. Bertie, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill, to enable William Cavendish, Esquire, to make a Settlement, in Jointure, upon any Wife he shall marry, and for the better raising the Portions charged upon his Estate, is committed.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Pitt, Sir Math. Dudley, Mr. Laugharn, Sir Tho. Felton, Mr. Pigott, Mr. Jercois, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill, for vesting some Part of the real Estate of Baptist May, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for reimbursing Charles May, Esquire, such Moneys as he has expended, for discharging the Debts, Legacies, and Funeral Expences, of the said Baptist May, is committed.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lunce, 29' die Januarii;

3 Annas Regina.

Prayirs.

MR. Freeman reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for vesting several Lands and Hereditaments of George Nodes, Esquire, in the County of Hertford, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of the Debts of the said George Nodes, Esquire, his late Father, deceased, charged thereupon, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of several Silkmen in the City of Coventry was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners have been disturbed in their Trades, under Pretence, that they are Hawkers and Pedlars, within the Meaning of a late Act of Parliament, for laying several Duties on Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, notwithstanding the Petitioners have served Apprenticeships to their Trades, and are only wholesale Dealers into several Counties of this Kingdom: And praying that they may be exempted from the said Duty, they conceiving themselves not within the Intent of the said Act.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for continuing Duties upon low Wines,

The Lord William Porolett reported from the Commit- Kenyon , tee, to whom the Petition of Thomas Kenyon, Executor, *

and One of the residuary Legatees, of Lbyd, deceased, row

was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them, as he was One of the Sureties of Morgan Whitley, Esquire, late Receiver-general for the Counties of Chester and North Wales; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is, as followeth; viz.

[aj # #

Mr. Richard Vaughan reported from the Committee, Nanne/s to whom the Bill, for confirming and making good the " 11 last Will and Testament of Hugh Narmey, Esquire, deceased, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House;

Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill, forimpowering ma Hooper, Widow Hooper , and Executrix of Robert Hoopet', late of the Island of Estate. Barbadoes, deceased, by mortgaging a Plantation in badoes, to raise 5,000l. to pay the Debts of the said Robert Hooper, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for raising Money, by a Mortgage of a Plantation in the Barbadoes, to pay the Debts of Hooper, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Brewer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill, for vesting in Trustees certain Ma- cf nors and Lands of William Duke of Devonshire, anil Devonshire'.

Ham Marquis of Hartington, his eldest Son, to enable them Estate, to mortgage the same, for Payment of Debts, and, subject thereunto, to settle the same to the like Uses, as the same are now settled, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for vesting in Trustees certain Manors and Lands of Wm. Duke of Devonshire, and Wtn. (commonly called) Marquis of Hartington, to enable them to mortgage the same, for Payment of Debts, and, subject thereunto, to settle the same to the like Uses, as the same are now settled.

Ordered, That Sir Joseph Jekyll do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Petition of Sir John Dalston, of Heath, in the County Lord of York, Knight and Baronet, was presented to the House, Escrick'. and read; setting forth, that there being a Bill depend- Estale ing in this House, which has passed the House of Lords, to vest the Estate of Charles Ix>rd Howard, Baron of Escrick, in Trustees, to sell the same, for Payment of his Debts, the Petitioner is entitled to a Rent-charge, of 60/. per Annum, issuing out of the Manor oi IVheldrake,

Part of the Estate to be sold, and also to a Judgment, for 1,000l. entered into by Thomas and William Howard

(the

[a] A Blank it here left in th. Journal, for the Entry cf this Report, and of the Order made in consequence thereof; which Order, as appears by the printed Votes, was, as follows; " Ordered, Thai Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to impower the Lord High Treasurer, or " Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to compound with the said Thomas Kenyon, as Executor of the said Luke Lloyd, ar-- " cording to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that the Lord William and Sir Roger Bradshaw do prepare, and bring in, the Bill."

Irish Hospital Arrears.

Clandestine

Outlawries

Committees.

Whitley's Debt to the Crown

Bludworth's

Estate.

Supply Bill; Subsidy on Wines.

Answer to Address.

3 AttNr. 29° Jan. 56i

(the said Lord Howard's elder Brotliers) as a collateral Security for the said ltent-charge; and although by the Bill there is a Saving of the said Rent, there is none of the Judgment, nor the Arrears, which are swelled up to above 1,000A whereby, the Petitioner is advised, his Remedies for Recovery thereof may be prejudiced: And praying, that Provision may be made in the Bill, that the Petitioner's Interest in the said Premises may not be prejudiced.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Committee do hear the Petitioner by his Counsel thereupon, if he think fit; and that the Committee do sit this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Reports from the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Esquire, was re-

ferred, both upon that Petition, and other the Petitions referred to the said Committee, be taken into Consideration upon Friday Morning next

A Petition of Zachary Farad, and John White, Gentlemen, Secondaries to the Sheriffs of London, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners find by the Votes of this House, that the Bill, for the better enforcing the Execution of the Law, for preventing clandestine Outlawries in personal Actions, is committed; and are advised, that, if it should pass, as it now is, it may not only prejudice the Petitioners, but all Sheriffs in general: And praying to be heard before the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

An ingrossed Bill, to impower the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with Tho. Whitley, Esquire, as he was One of the Sureties of Morgan Whitley, Esquire, late Receiver-general for the Counties of Chester and North Wales, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act to impower the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, to compound with Thomas Whitley, Esquire, as he was One of the Sureties of Morgan Whitley, Esquire, late Receiver-general for the

Counties of Chester and North Wales.

Ordered, That the Lord William do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill, for vesting the Estate of Charles Bludxvorth, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts, wa3 read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for Sale of the Estate of Charles Bludworth, Esquire, deceased, for Payment of his Debts.

Ordered, That Mr. Freeman do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the Bill, for granting to her Majesty a further Subsidy on Wines and Merchandizes imported, and a new Duty on such East India Goods, prohibited to be worn in England, as shall he exported for Ireland, or her Majesty's Plantations, be now read.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Friday Morning next.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, that their Address having been presented to her Majesty, That she will be pleased to give Directions, to oblige the Earl of Ranelaghto bring his Accounts to a final Deter-

mination, and what shall appear to be due from him, upon the Balance of his said Accounts, that his Lordship be obliged to pay the same to the Use of the Publick j her Majesty was pleased to say,

' Vo L. 14.

That she hath riot omitted to give the necessary Directions in this Particular; and shall always be desirous to do every thing, that may bring the publick Accounts to a final Determination.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer also acquainted the Answer w House, that their Address having been presented to her Address. Majesty, That she would be pleased to give Direction, for the obliging Mr. Parkhurst, and Mr. and the

rest of the Commissioners of Prizes, during the late War, to make up their Accounts, according to the Course of the Exchequer; her Majesty was pleased to say,

That she will order, that the most proper Methods be taken, of having the Accounts of the Prizes, during the late War, made up, and perfected, according to the Course of the Exchequer.

Mr. Secretary Hedges acquainted the House, that her Treaty with Majesty had commanded him to lay before the House, a King of Copy of the Treaty with the King of Prussia, made on 1>russia her Majesty's behalf, by the Duke of Marlborough, the 28th of November, One thousand Seven hundred and Four; and also,

A Translation of the Said Treaty.

And he presented the same to the House accordingly.

And the Titles thereof were read.

And the Translation is, as followeth; viz.

HER Majesty the Queen of Great Britain having represented to his Majesty the King of Prussia, by my Lord Duke of Marlborough, who has been dispatched to him expressly for this Purpose, in what Risque and D.anger the Affairs of the Allies are, by the unhappy Condition, whereunto the Duke of Savoy appears to be reduced, and that all the Advantages, gained by the Allies this last Campaign over France, and its Adherents, might be destroyed and lost, if some Endeavours were not used, to recover the tottering, and otherwise altogether desperate, Affairs of that Prince; that, on this Consideration, her said Majesty the Queen of Great Britain had thought fit to address herself to his Majesty the King of Prussia, as the only Prince of Europe, who, by the great Number of Troops, which he has on foot, w as most in a Condition, and w as the most enabled, to remedy this Misfortune, and thereby to give a great Weight to the Re-establishment of a constant and sure Tranquillity in Europe:

His Majesty the King of Prussia having nothing in the World more at Heart, than to employ all the Forces, which God hath given him, for the publick Good, that he may be able to concur in the glorious Designs, which her Majesty the Queen of Great , and the other

Allies, have formed, for the Safety of Europe', and that he may answer, as is fitting, the Confidence and Consideration, which her Majesty the Queen of Great Britain has been pleased to express for him, in sending the Person of the said my Lord Duke; his Majesty would not cast his Eye on any thing, that might have diver,ed him from the Resolution of entering into the Propositions of the said my Lord; and after some Discourse, which, himself, and some Conferences, which his Ministers have had with him, the following Articles are agreed upon:

I. His Majesty the King of Prussia shall send a Body of Eight thousand Men into Italy, there to be employed in the Year 1705, jointly with the Troops of the Emperor and of the Duke of Savoy, against France, for the Good of the common Cause, and for the Interest of the Allies.

II. This Body shall be composed of Six thousand Foot, and Two thousand Horse, with the Generals, and other Officers, necessary to command them.

III. In order to concur to the Subsistence of these Troops, her Majesty the Queen of Great Britain shall pay her Quota Part towards the Sum of30o,oooo Crow ns, which shall be paid to his Majesty for this Corps by the Year; it being not doubted, but that the High and Mighty Lords the States General of the United Provinces, who daily give so many Marks of their Zeal, and of their good Intention, for the Good of the common Cause, will enter with Pleasure into this Convention,

@ L and

2 9 Januarii.

A. i 704.

Treaty with

King of Prussia.

and also give their Proportion, equally with her Majesty, towards the said Sum of 300,000 Crowns; which shall be paid at Twelve equal Terms, to wit, 25,000 Crowns at each, at Amsterdam, in the current Money of the Exchange whereof shall be made good unto his Majesty so far as Geneva: And these Payments shall commence on the 15th of January, N. S. that the Troops, which shall begin to march as soon as may be, may do what is possible, whereby to arrive about the Middle of February in the Dominions of the Duke of

IV. It being impossible, that the Sum of Money, stipulated in the precedent Article, should hold out to subsist so considerable a Number of Troops, his Imperial Majesty shall engage himself, that, besides the Sum above-mentioned, which is to be paid by England and Holland, he will furnish and deliver, by Carriages, maintained at his Expence, to the said Body of 8,000 Men, the ordinary Rations of Bread, during the Time of their being in the Field.

V. The General, who shall command this Corps on the Part of his Majesty the King of shall have

full Jurisdiction over the Troops, which compose it; and he shall obey no Orders, but those of his Royal Highness the Duke of Savoy, or the General Commander, according to his Rank: lie shall likewise have the Liberty of voting, and sitting, in all Councils, which shall be held for the Operations of the War, equally with the other Generals of his Rank and Character; and this Corps shall not be separated, without his Consent.

Vf. A Regulation shall immediately be made with his Imperial Majesty, and with his Royal Highness the Duke of Savoy,concerning the Road, which the said Troops

shall take to get into Italy; and since one Part of the said Troops is to come from Prussia, his Imperial Majesty and the Allies shall so order it, that they may take the shortest Road to get thither; and that there be given, as well to those Troops, as to such, whom his Majesty shall send from these Quarters, through all the Countries, and States, where they are to pass, all Facility, w hereby they may be able to march conveniently.

VII. In the Quarters to be given to these Troops, during the Winter, they shall enjoy the same Advantages, in Utensils and other Things, which were enjoyed by the Battalions, which his Majesty the King of Prussia gave his Royal Highness the last War; and an Agreement shall be made with the Emperor about the Recruits of this Corps, in case of any Loss, during this Year.

VIII. As to the Exercise of Religion, the Lazarett, or Hospitals for the Wounded, and Sick, and other Points, requisite for the Preservation and Re-establishment of these Troops, all shall be observed, that was stipulated lliereabout between his Majesty the King of Prussia, and his Royal Highness, in the last War, for the Troops, which were then sent by his Majesty to his said Royal Highness, in the same Manner, as if it came to a new Agreement thereon for the Succours, now given by his Majesty to him.

IX- If by the Operations, which shall be made jointly by these Troops of his Prussian Majesty, and those of the other Allies, any Advantages shall be gained over the common Enemy, whether in France, in the Milancze, or any other Place, his Majesty shall always have his Part, in Proportion to his Troops, well in Contributions, Prisoners, Cannon, Ammunition, as all other Things, of what Nature soever they may be.

X. Since his Majesty will cause this Corps to act with all possible Vigour for the Good of the common Cause, and that it is just, that herein his own Interest be not neglected; the Emperor, the Queen Britain,

the States General, and the Duke of Savoy, do engage themselves, that, in the Operations to be made towards Italy against France, a very particular Regard shall be had to the Interests of the King of Prussia, with respect to those, which he may have on that Side, and, particularly, to his Right on the Counties of At and

Valengin; whether it be, in putting his Majesty into Possession tlieteof, as soon as can be, or, that no Peace, or Truce, shall be made with France, unless his Majesty be intirely contented as to his said Rights and Pretensions.

XI. There remaining yet to be paid by the Crown of England to his Majesty tire King of Prussia, for the last War, a Sum of about 236,000 Crowns; her Majesty the Queen of Great Britain shall endeavour, and do her

' best, that in the present Session of the Parliament of England, some Funds may be found, to pay off that Sum, or that, which shall be justly due, before the End of the next Year.

XII. His Majesty the King of Prussia, out of his great Zeal for the Good of the common Cause, having offered, that, besides the 8,000 Men, which he is obliged by this Treaty to send to the Duke of Savoy, he will moreover give 3,000 Men for the Moselle, upon Condition, that these 3,000 Men be reunited in one and the same Corp9 with the 12,000 Men, which are at present on the Upper Rhine, and the 5,000 Men, which arc in the Pay of England and Holland, making together a Corps of

20,000 Men: And my Lord Duke of Marlborough being not authorized to agree with his Majesty on this Article, his Grace, however, being of Opinion, that this Proposition cannot but be very advantageous for the Good of the common Cause, will use his Endeavours with her Majesty the Queen of Great Britain, that, in case her Majesty shall make an Augmentation of Troops on this Side the Sea, she may take the Troops of his Majesty the King of Prussia, preferably to any others; and that he will do all he can, to the end that the High and Mighty Lords the States General do the same on their Part, and consent, in like Manner with her Majesty the Queen, to the Junction of the 5,000 Men with the rest of the Troops of his Majesty. There shall be given to his Majesty the King of Prussia, a positive Resolution on this Point, at the same time, when the Exchange of the Ratifications of the present Treaty shall be made.

XIII. The King of Prussia having represented to my Lord Duke of Marlborough several Articles, which he desires may be regulated, some with his Imperial Majesty, and others with the High and Mighty Lords the btates General; viz. concerning the Succession of Orange, the upper Quarter of Guelderland, the Quarters of Bavaria and of Cologne, the Contributions established, and to be established, in the Enemy's Country; her Majesty the Queen of Great Britain will employ her Credit, and the Power, which she hath with the said Potentates, to the end his Majesty may forthwith be satisfied as to all these Points, according to Equity and Justice.

XIV. When the Time shall come, to treat of a Peace

in Poland,her Majesty the Queen shall not only support

with all her Credit, and with all her Power, the Pretensions, which his Majesty the King of Prussia shall propose on that Occasion, in order to the obtaining for him alt possible Satisfaction thereon, but will likewise endeavour with tire Emperor, and the States General, to do the same on their Part.

XV. The present Treaty being only for One Year, to commence from the 15th of January, as is above mentioned, it shall be agreed on, Two Months before the Expiration of the said Year, whether, and upon what Conditions, this Treaty shall be prolonged; but, in case it be not thought fit to continue k longer, the Troops shall have, for their Return, the Pay of a long Month.

XVI. The present Treaty shall be ratified within

Month after the Date of the signing, or sooner, if it can be. In Witness whereof, the present Treaty hath been signed, and sealed, in the Name, and on the Part, of her Majesty the Queen of Great Britain, by my Lord Duke of Marlborough; and, in the Name of his Majesty the King of Prussia, by the Count de Great

Chamberlain of hb Majesty. Done at Berlin, the 24th Day of November, 1704.

The Count of Wart emberg. (L. S.)

Ordered, That the said Treaty be taken into Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

7 XI

3 Atftf.

29® — -31° Januarii.

5°3

Recruiting Laud Forces.

The Hotise (according to Order) resolved itself into a be sold, towards Payment of tile said Debt, is com-Committee of the whole House, to consider further of mitted.

the Bill, for the better recruiting her Majesty's Land Forces, and the Marines.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. St. John took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. St. John reported from the said Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House w ill please to receive the same

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 31 Januarii;

5 AnnSe Regina.

Praters.

n\: IT I , 1, n 1 z a" % a 7 A /fR- reported from the Committee, to whom Biddulph'

Ordered, lint the Report be made upon Thursday XVI the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An

Letter sent to Mr. Lowndes

ottering a

Bribe.

Prohibiting Commerce v;ith France.

Supply Bill; Low Wines.

Morning next

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom it was referred to examine into the Matter of a Letter, sent to Mr. Lowndes, and the Author of it, be made upon Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Bill for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France, be read a Second time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Bill, for continuing Duties upon

Biddulph'

.Estate.

Earl of Burlington and Cork's Estate.

: Cutler's; Estate.

ingrossed

Act for settling of the Tythes of certain Lands in ton, in the County of Warwick,upon Simon Biddutph, F.squire, and his Heirs, and for settling a Rent-charge, in lieu thereof, upon the present Rector there, and his Successors for ever, was committed: that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report tire Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Mr. Lawson reported from the Committee, to whom Proctor's low Wines, and upon Coffee, Tea, Chocolate, Spices the Bill, to enable John Proctor, of Rock, in the County Estate, and Pictures, and upon Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty of Northumberland, Esquire, to sell, or otherwise dispose Chapmen, and upon Muslins, and for 'granting new of, his Lands in Shawdon, , and

t)uties upon several of the said Commodities, and also Crawley, upon settling Lands of like Value, In Rock, in upon Callicoes, China-ware, and Drugs. '

Nightly

Watch.

May'sEstate.

Ordered, That the Bill, for the better regulating the nightly Watch, be read a Second time upon Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Leigh, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Sayers, Sit Roger Bradshaw, Mr. Tilney, Colonel Sir Tho. Felton, Mr. Pudsey, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Thomhagh, Colonel Godfrey, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill, for Sale of some Part of the real Estate of Baptist May, Esquire, deceased, fot the reimbursing

Clandestine

Outlawries.

the said County, in lieu thereof, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of thfe Committee; and that the Committee had made an Amendment to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was once read, and then a Second time, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House,

1 ' — pOrdered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be

Cha. May, Esquire, such Moneys, aS he hath expended, Ingrossed. fof discharging the Debts, Legacies, and Funeral Expences, of the said Baptist May, is corhmitted. Mr. Shackeriy reported from the Committee, to whom Hoi ford'

the Bill, for Sale of the Estate of Tho. Holford, Esquire, Estate. Ordered, That Sit Willidnt Hustler. Sir Dudley Cullum, of P,in the County of Chester, and elsewhere, to Sir Rushout Cullen, Mr. Latnplugh, Mr. Cartwright, Sir raise Money, for Payment of Debts, and purchasing an Robert Havers, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Blofeild, Sir Math. Estate in Possession, was committed; that they had ex-Hudley, Mr. Thomhagh, Lord Paulet, Sir Fra. Blake, amined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same Mr. Mason, Mr. Stockdale, be added to the Committee, to be true j and that the Parties concerned had given

~ their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon trie Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by tire House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

7 ----- - - - — 7

to whom the Bill, for better enforcing the Execution of the Law, for preventing clandestine Ooutlawries in personal Actions, is committed.

Ordered, That Sir Geo. Beaumont, Sir Henry Mr. Vcrney, Mr. Parker, Mr. Cage, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, for settling the Tythes of certain Lands in Franckton, in the County of fkarrrick, upon Simon Esquire,

tffrd his Heirs, and for settling a Rent-charge, in lieu thereof, upon the present Rector there, and his Successors for ever, is committed.

Sir Roger (according to Order) presented to Kenyon s

the House a Bill, to impower the Lord High Treasurer, Debt to tb« Ofdered, That Sir Geo. Warburton, Sir Jos. Treden- or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, Crown. ham, Mr. Compton, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Hrydeti, Mr. Lam- to compound with Thomas Kenyon, Gentleman, Executor plugh, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill, of Luke Lloyd, Esquire, One of tl»e Sureties of Morgan for Sale of several Estates iti Ireland, for Payment of Whitley, Esquire, late Receiver-general for the Counties the Debts of the late Earl of Burlington and Cork, is of Chester and North Wales; and the same was received, dommitted. and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered\That Mr. Moncton, Mr. Lowther, Sir Roger Bradshaw, Mr. Jessop, Mr. Topham, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill, for vesting the Manor,

Mr. Ileyrick reported from the Committee, to whom Cavendish's flie Bill, to enable ff lUiam Cavendish, Esquire, to make a Estate.

arid Capital Messuage, of Ldtchford, with tl<e Appur- Settlement, in Jointure, upon any Wife lie shall marry, teriafices, arid divers Freehold Messuages, Farms, and and for the better raising the Portions charged upon his Lahds, inf Ldtehford and Hasely, in the County of Oxon, Estate, and confirming of Infrauchisements of several ijaortgRged to Sir John Culler, deceased, hi Trustees, to Copyhold Estates, made by his Father, was committed;

Vol. 14. that

504 31 JanuariuA. 1704,

that they found the Allegations of the Bill to be true; fend that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

br. Stanhope Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to thanked. Doctor Stanhope, Dean of Canterbury, for the Sermon by him preached before this House Yesterday at St. Margaret's, Westminster; and that he be desired to print the same; and that Mr. Paget Sir Robert and

Mr. Gulston, do acquaint him therewith.

Irish Linen. A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, capital and other Burgesses, and Tradesmen, in the Borough of Preston, in the County of , for and on behalf

of themselves, and the Parts adjacent to the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the making of Linen Cloth hath for many Ages been the settled Trade in their Neighbourhood; and is the sole Dependence of Thousands of Families; which Cloth is chiefly shipped off for the Plantations: That, in case the BiH, depending in the House, to permit die Exportation of Irish Linen to the Plantations, and to prohibit the Importation of Scotch Linen into Ireland,should pass, it will greatly endanger the Loss of the said Trade, and the Ruin of many Families: And praying the Consideration of the House, so as the Linen Manufacture in that Country may be preserved, and encouraged.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ditto. A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Merchants,

of the Corporation of Liveipoole, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there being a Bill in the House, to permit the Exportation of Irish Linen to the Plantations, and to prohibit the Importation of Scotch Linen into Ireland, the Petitioners conceive, the passing such a Bill will w holly destroy the Linen Manufacture of this Kingdom, and many thousand Families in those Parts, who depend on that Trade, who must want a Livelihood, or remove into Ireland: That it will much lessen the Woollen Manufactures, by giving a clandestine Opportunity of exporting Stufls from Ireland, and also it will discourage the Hamborotigh Trade, and lessen her Majesty's Customs j to prevent all which Mischiefs, the Petitioners pray, that the said Bill may not pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ifawkers and A Petition of the Traders in Manchester Wares, and l'stllars. in Buttons, in the Town of Stockport, in the County of Chester, and other adjacent Places, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, for the better carrying on their Trades, and furnishing many Parts of this Kingdom by wholesale, at reasonable Rates, the Petitioners are necessitated to carry their Goods on Horseback, and, by reason of some general Words in an Act of Parliament, for licensing of Hawkers and Pedlars, the Petitioners have been looked upon and reckoned as Persons within the Meaning of that Act, and have been obstructed in their Trades, and put to great Expences, contrary to the Intent of the Lawmakers, as the Petitioners conceive: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for continuing the Duties upon low

Wines, and upon Coffee, Ted, Chocolate, Spices, and Pictures, and upon Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, and upon Muslins, and for granting new Duties upon several of the said Commodities, and also upon Callicoes, China-ware, and Drugs, is committed.

Mr. Gulston Sported from the Committee to wlrom Lord the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Kscrick # vest the Estate of Charles Lord Baron of

Escrich, in Trustees, to sell the same, for Payment of his Debts, was committed; that they had examined the Bill, and examined into, and considered, the Matter to them referred by the Instruction, given by the blouse; and had also considered the Petitions to them referred, and heard the Petitioners thereupon; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Words of the Grant, from the Crown, of the Estate, and also the Bill, to the House, without auy Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

The Words of the Grant are, as follow; viz.

JACOBUS, Dei gratia, &c. Sciatis, qudd nos, &c. dedimus et concessimus, ac per prsesentes damns et con-cedimus, praefato Edwardo Howard, Militi, hreredibus et assignatis suis, imperpetuum, totum illud matierium nostrum de Wheidrake, aliis Weldrake, in com' nostro Ebor' cum suis juribus, metnbris, et pertinen' universis, ac ornnes illos reditus custumar' liberorum tenentium manerii de Weldrick, aliAs Weldrake, prasdicti, ac omnes servic' eorundenj liberorum tenentium, necnon ornnes ilias terras dominicales nostras de Wheldrick, ali&s Wheidrake, predict' cum suis pertinen' universis &c. ac omnia et singula messuagi, molendina, domos, cediflcia, Sic. terras, tenementa, prata, pastures, pastur communias, Ac. habendum et gaudendum predict' ma-neriuni, messuagia, terras, tenementa, reditus, &c. praefato Edwardo Howard, Militi, haeredibus et assignatis suis, ad solum et proprium opus et usum ipsius Edward! Howard, Militis, hoeredum et assignatorum suorum, in, feodo firma' imperpetuum; tenendum de nobis, haeredibus et successoribus nostris, ut de manerio nostro de East Greenwych, in comitatu nostro Kancias, per fideli-tat' tanthm, in libero et communi soccagio, &c. reddendum inde annuatiiu nobis, haeredibus et successoribus nostris sexaginta et tres libras, novem solidos, et quatuor denarios, legalis monetae Anglia?, ad receptum scaccarii, &c.

Per literas patentes sub magno sigillo Angliae, gerentes datas quarto Martii, anno regni sui Angliae, See. vice-6imo secundo, et Scotiae quinquagesimo octavo.

A Petition of the Officers, now or late belonging to Army the Regiment of Horse, formerly commanded by the Arrears, honourable Brigadier Fillers, afterwards by Major-general Leveson, and now by Major-general Harvey, on behalf of themselves, and the rest, now in Service in Portugal, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, when the Accounts of the said Regiment, for their Service in Ireland, were stated by the Commissioners for stating the Accounts of the Army, from the First of September, 1689, to the First of April, 1692, they were, by Loss of Horses, Clothes, and Accoutrements, made Debtors 3,875/. 18$. ioid.to the Government; which is not only a great Loss to the Petitioners, but is injurious to the Service, by the Clamour of the private Soldiers, and their Families, for want of their Pay: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the present Paymaster-general of the Army; and that he do examine, and report, the Fact, to the House.

A Petition of the Non-commissioned Officers, Trum- Ditto, peters, and private Soldiers, now or late belonging to the Regiment of Horse, formerly commanded by the honourable Brigadier Fitters, afterwards by Major-

gep<»ral

Army

Arrears.

Malett Debt to the Crown.

Scotland —

Security

against

certain Acts.

3 Ann. 31 6 Januariu505

Leveson, and now by Major-general Harvey, on behalf of themselves, and of the rest, now in Service in Portugal, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there are great Arrears of Pay doe to the Petitioners, for their Service in Ireland, which they despair of receiving, unless by the Aid of the House; for that the Colonel having been obliged to cloath for Three Years together (which usually is but once in Two Years) by reason of the great Loss they had in 1689, passing over Sea into Ireland, where in a Storm they lost 124 Horses, besides Accoutrements, and the Year following 135 Horses near Lymerick, with Abundance of Clothing and Accoutrements, to repair which Losses, Brigadier Villiers had great Sums of Money advanced, on Account of Pay, and Subsistence, of the Regiment, which are all charged to the Account of the Regiment, whereby they are brought in Debt to the Government, by the Commissioners for stating the Accounts of the Army, the Sum of 3,875/. 18s. toi</. so that they cannot have their Arrears, for w ant whereof they are reduced to great Necessities: And praying the Consideration of the House, in respect to their particular Losses, so as they may receive the Pay and Subsistence, due to them.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the present Paymaster-general of the Army; and that he do examine, and report, the Fact, to the House.

A Petition of Martin Laycock, Captain in the Lord Charlemount's late Regiment of Foot, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Accounts of the Petitioner's Company were stated by the Commissioners in Ireland, appointed for that Purpose, and there was then due to the Petitioner 668/. 14s. id. whereof the Agent of the Regiment hath paid 108/. and the rest is still unpaid j and the Petitioner, as Nephew and Administrator, to Captain Peter is en-

titled to 148/. due to him upon an Account, stated by the Commissioners for taking die Accounts of the Army, here in England: And praying, that he may have a Debenture for the said Money due to him, or be otherwise relieved, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill, for vesting all the Estate of Baldwin Malet, Esquire, in the Counties of Somerset and

Devon, and elsewhere, in some Trustee, or Trustees, either to be sold, or mortgaged, for Payment of his Debt to her Majesty, as he w as Receiver-general for the County of Somerset, and City and County of the City of Prist oil, in the Years 1702 and 1703, and to vest the Residue in William Malet, his Heirs and Assigns, as by Agreement between him, and the said William, his Son and Heir, was read the Third time.

And some Amendments being proposed to be made; Press 1. L. To insert " hundred," and " in Two Places;

The same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for vesting in Trustees all the Estate of Baldwyn Malet, Esquire, and William Malet, his Son, and Heir apparent, for Payment of the Debt of the said Baldwyn Malet to her Majesty, as he was Receiver-general for the County of Somerset, and City and County of the City of Bristoll, and for settling the Residue on the said

William Malett, his Heirs and Assigns for ever, as by Agreement between the said Baldwyn Malett, and William Malett.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Coward do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, for the effectual securing the Kingdom of England from the apparent Dangers, that may arise from several Acts, lately passed Vul, U.

in die Parliament of Scotlandi be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill, for remedying the Abuses, committed Abuse of by the Collectors of several publick Taxes therein men- Collector tioned, and to prevent issuing out Process, in case of De- of Tawo. ficieucies on the Land Tax for the Year 1705, but against such Places where such Deficiencies shall happen, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered as a Rider, That the Commissioners for the Land Tax, for 1705, shall have Power to call to acount any of the present or late Receivers or Collectors of the publick Taxes within the County of Devon, and City of Exon, or some Parts thereof, it being suspected, that they have not answered their Receipts to the Crown.

And the same was twice read, with a Blank.

And an Amendment being proposed, by leaving out,

" in the County of Devon, and City of Exon, or some " Parts thereof;"

And the Question being put, That those Words stand Part of the Clause;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth;

Teller, for the Yeas,} ,30.

Tellers for the Noes, j

So it passed in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made, by adding, after " thereof," " and in other Counties, Cities,

" and Places."

And the Question being put. That those Words be added;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Blank was filled up; and the Rider was read the Third time, and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Some Amendments being proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Tr. L. # To leave out " of the said Acts

Pr. L. To leave out " Office," and insert " Officer:"

The same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the BUI amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for remedying Abuses of Collectors of several publick Taxes; and for the issuing out Process, in case of Deficiencies upon the Land Tax for the Year 1705, only against such Places, where the Deficiencies shall happen; and for relieving the Division of Kesteven, in the County of Lincolne, against the Deficiency charged thereupon for the Year 1698; and for examining the Accounts of the Receivers and Collectors of the County of Devon, and City of Exon.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Onslow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the House be called over upon this Day Call of the Sevennight; and that such Members, as shall not then House, attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- i j, ing next, at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Com- Lineu. mittee of the whole House, upon the Bill, to permit the Exportation of Irish Linen to the Plantations, and to prohibit the Importation of Scotch Linen into and nothing to intervene.

The House .(according to Order) resolved itself into a Granting Committee of the whole House upon the Bill, for bet- Woodstock ter enabling her Majesty to grant the Honour and Manor of Woodstock, within the Hundred of Wootton, to the Duke of Marlborough, and his Heirs.

6 Mi Mr.

C

Prohibiting Commerce with France.

Committees

May's

Estate.

Clandestine

Outlawries.

Mason's Debt to the Crown.

Stower

Navigation.

505

31° Januctrii. — r Februarii.

A.

1704.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported from the said Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Alorning.

Ordered, That the BiH, for prohibiting aH Trade and Commerce with France, be read a Second time upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Ordered, That Mr. Tho. Littleton, Mr. , Air,

Lowther, Mr. Gee, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill, for vesting some Part of the real Estate of Baptist May, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts, Legacies, and Funeral Expences, disbursed by Charles May, Esquire, his Nephew, is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Skackerly, Sir Roger Bradshaw, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Lake, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Renda, Mr. Smithson, - Mr. Jentiens, Afr. Hicks, Mr. Price, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill, for better enforcing the Exiecution of the Law, for preventing clandestine Outlawries in personal Actions, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Alorning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 1 die Februarii j 3 Annas Regifl#.

Praters.

IH E Lord William Pfxwlett reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill, to impower the Lord Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with John Mason, Gentleman, who was Iteceiver-geqeral for the County,. University, and Town of Cambridge, and Isle of Ely, wa committed; that they had examined the Bill, and h?d made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second Tipie, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and another Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Earl of Dyserf reported from the Committee, tp whom the Bill, for making-the River Slower navigable from the Town of Mainingtree, in the County erf Essex,

to the Town of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, was committed; that they had examined the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to repprt to the House: Which he read, in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at tire Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill #

- 4 '

And the same was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by Jhe House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, he ingressed.

A Petition of Jonathan Chapman was presented to the Week ' House, and read; setting forth, that there is a Bill de- Debt 10 pending in the House, to impower the Lord High Trea- Crowtt surer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, to compound with Michael Weeks, Esquire, late Receiver-general of the Plantation Duties in the Port of That "the said Mr. Weeks standing long indebted to the Crown, and no Effects discovered, one William Hunt, Esquire, deceased, m 1697 made a considerable Discovery of his Estate to the Commissioners of the Treasury, for which he was to have One-third Part, as a Recompence; but he was at great Charges therein, causing Weeks his Estate to be seized into the Hands of the Crown, which he v &} not able to do, without the Petitioner's Assistance, who kept him several Years, and lent him several Sums of Money; for Satisfaction whereof, he, by Indenture, dated the 2d July, 1701, assigned over one Aloiety of what should become due to him for the said Discovery; and the Petitioner has no other Security for the same: He therefore prays the House to give him such Relief therein, as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of divers Persons, who are concerned and importing interested in the making and manufacturing English Cop- Naval per, in behalf of themselves, and many others, was pre- tores‘ sented to the House, and read; setting forth, that by the Bill in the House, for importing Naval Stores from the Plantations, Copper may be imported, free of all Duties:

That there is now made more English Copper, thjyi can be consumed here; by reason of which, and paying a Duty of 5/. per Cent upon Exportation, the Manufacture thereof is much discouraged, though k has employed great Numbers of poor People, been a great Advantage to the Nation for above Ten Years past, and prevented the going out of so much Aloney, as used formerly, to buy foreign Copper: And praying, that not only the Importation of foreign Copper, Duty-free, may be prevented; but that the Duty of 5 per Cent, on English Copper,exported, may be taken off, so that it may be sent to foreign Markets as cheap, as Swedish and Barbary Copper; and that a Clause in an Act of the Ninth and Tenth Years erf his late Majesty, for settling the Trade to Africa, whereby Swedish Copper Bars, imported, may he exported, drawing back all Duties, saving half of the old Subsidy may be repealed, it being obtained upon wrong Suggestions.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Sir Mathew Dudley (according to Order) presented to Recovering the House a Ball, for continuing an Act, relating to Wears, Tythe , &c. Locks, and Carriages, on the River Thames, an Act for more easy Recovery of small Tythes, an Act, about Partition of Lands in Co-parcenary, and some Acts, about returning of Juries; and the same was received.

Air. Chancellor of die Exchequer (according to Order) Granting reported from the Committee of the whole House, to Woodstock whom the Bill, for better enabling her Majesty to grant the Honour and Manor of Woodstock, with the Hundred rough, of Wootton, to the Duke of Marlborough, and his Heirs, was committed, the Amendments, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and another Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

3 Ajnn. i° — a0 Febr 507

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

hnising the The Lord Coningsby (according to Order) presented to Militia. House a Bill, for raising the Militia for the Year 1705, although the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be, not repaid; and the same was received.

Persons com- Ordered, That the Keeper of Newgate do, Tomorrow anted to Morning, bring to this House, John Paty, John be brought0 dohn Baton, junior, Henry Basse, and Daniel Home, sp. committed by this House; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, accordingly.

Importing The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Naval Stores, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for importing Naval Stores from the Plantations;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Poor Relief. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill, for the better Relief, Employment, and Settlement of the Poor;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately after the reading the Bill, for the effectual securing the Kingdom of England from the apparent Dangers, that may arise from several Acts, lately passed in the Parliament of Scotland, the Third time, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Then the House (according to Order) resolved itself Poor R lief. into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill, for the better Relief, Employment, and Settlement, of the Poor.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Humphry Maclcworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Humphry Maclcworth reported from the said Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon this Day Seven-night

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Recruiting whole House, to whom the Bill forth better recruiting Land Force , her Majesty's Land Forces, and the Marines, was committed, be made upon Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Drake, Sir Joseph Sir Trafford'

James Etheridge, Mr. Parker, Mr. Roberts, Sir Math. E tate. Dudley, Mr. Bere, Sir Walt. Yong, Mr. Woollaston, Mr.

Holmes, Mr. Corwper, Mr. Stonehmse, Mr. Harley, Mr. Blrtfeild, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill, for making void the Marriage Settlement of Trafford, Gentleman, and Clare, his Wife, and settling rtf the Moiety of the Manors, Messuages, Tythes, and Lands, therein mentioned, and intended to be purchased, on their eldest Son, and his Heirs, and for making Provision for their younger Children, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Scotland_ -An ingrossed Bill, for the effectual securing the King-

Security dom of England from the apparent Dangers, that may umActa ' ar se rom severa Acts, lately passed in the Parliament c of Scotland, was (according to Order) read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for the effectual securing the Kingdom of England from the apparent Dangers, that may arise from several Acts, lately passed in the Parliament of Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor-general do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

LordPoulett't

Estate.

Earl of Kild-ire's Estate.

Griffin's

Estate,

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert and Sir Richard Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Right Honourable John Lord and Bridget Lady Poulett, his Wife, with the Consent of their Trustees, to sell their Shares and Interest of and in certain Manors and Lands in the County of Kent, and to purchase other Lands, or Hereditaments, of the like Value, to be settled to the same Uses, with some Amendments; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

Also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming an Agreement, made by certain Articles, by and between John Earl of Kildare, Richard Lord low (both of the Kingdom of Ireland) and Frances his Lady, Charlotte Countess of Neicburgh, of the Kingdom of Scotland, and William Rowley, Esquire, and for selling Part of the Estate of the said Earl of Kildare, for the Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling Trustees to make Leases of Part of the Manor of Dinghy, and Lands there, for Payment of the Debts of James Griffin, Esquire, and raising Portions for younger Children; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Vox.. 14.

Veneris, 2 dieFebruarii;

3° Annas Regina;

Praters.

RDERED, That Mr. Anthony Thompson have Leave of Leave to go into the Country, for Three Weeks; Absence, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Bill for Payment of several Annuities to the Persons Payment of therein mentioned, was read a Second time. Annuities.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Davers, Sir Jos.Tredenham, Mr. Jewison, Mr.

Mr. Brewer, Mr. Cage, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Ouslozc, Mr. Tredenham, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Blofeild, Sir Edw. Hussey,

Sir Dudley Cullum, Sir Math. Dudley, Sir John Williams,

Mr. Cvwper, Lord Pmdett, Sir Chr. Mr.

Mr. Clayton', and all, that serve for the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That it it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause; to make Provision for Salt Lottery Tickets lost;

An ingrossed Bill, to naturalize Margarita Cecilia Cadogan'i Cadogan, Wife of Brigadier-general Cadogan, was read Nat. the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act to naturalize Margarita Cecilia Cadogan, Wife of Brigadier-general Cadogan, and Gilbert Affeck.

Ordered, That Mr. Coke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto;

An ingrossed Bill for vesting several Lands and Here- Rode ' ditaments of George Nodes, Esquire, in the County of Estate. Hertford, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of the Debts of the said George Nodes, and of George Nodes,

Esquire, his late Father, deceased, charged thereupon,

M as read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for Sale of several Lands and Hereditaments

6 of

t

50S

2° Februarii.

A. 1704.

Warbtir ton's Estate.

of George Nodes, Esquire, in the County of Hertford, for Payment of his Debts, and the Debts of George Nodes, Esquire, his Father, deceased, charged thereupon.

Ordered, That Mr. Freeman do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Sir John Mordant reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill, to enable Sir George Warburton, Baronet, by Sale of the Manor or Lordship of in the County of Chester, to perform an Agreement made at his Marriage, for satisfying several Portions charged on his Estate, and also to pay some Debts, which his Father had Power to charge, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had

g'ven their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the ommittee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Week 'Debt The Lord William Powlett reported from the Com-to the Crown, mittee, to whom the Bill, to impower the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with Michael Weeks, Esquire, late Receiver-general of the Plantation Duties in the Port of London, was committed; that they had examined the Bill, and heard the Petitioners upon the Petitions to them referred; and that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

May'sEst&te. Mr. Serjeant Whitaker reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill, for vesting some Part of the real Estate of Baptist May, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for reimbursing Charles May, Esquire, his Nephew, such Moneys, as he has expended, for discharging the Debts, Legacies, and Funeral Expences, of the said Baptist May, w'as committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for saving the Interest of Mr. Halsey, and others:

And the same was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And an Amendment was proposed to be made at the End of the Bill, by adding, " for which Protest, there " shall be paid Two Shillings, and no more

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be.

An Act for giving the like Remedy upon promissory Notes, as is now used upon Bills of Exchange; and for the better Payment of Inland Bills of Exchange.

Ordered, That Mr. Eyres do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers, and Mr.

Hiccocks:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Writs of prevent Delays in Writs of Error, in several Cases; to Error, which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable John Green Green' of Gaveliacre, in the County of Southampton, Clerk, to sell Estate, some Estates in Hackleston,in the County of and for the settling other Estates in Gaveliacre, in the County of Southampton, of a better Value, to the same Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also another Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Grainga' Estate of Joseph Grainge, and Elizabeth his Wife, in Eatat . Trustees, to be sold, and to dispose of Part of the Money, arising by such Sale, for the Maintenance of the said Elizabeth, pursuant to their Marriage Settlement, and to apply the Residue to the Payment of the Debts of the said Joseph Grainge;to which the Lords desire the

Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill, for Qualification of Justices of the Justices f Peace, was read the Third time. Uficatiaa

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, touching Justices of Peace in Corporations:

And the Question being put. That the same be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be.

An Act for Qualification of Justices of the Peace.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Hanmer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Reports from the Committee, to Irish whom the Petition of John Percivall, Esquire, and others, Hospital was referred, both upon that Petition, and other the Arre r Petitions referred to the said Committee, be made upon Tuesday Morning next.

/' *

Ordered, That the Bill, for granting to her Majesty a Supply Bill; further Subsidy on Wines and Merchandizes imported, Subsidy on and a new Duty on such East India Goods, prohibited Wines to be worn in England, as shall be exported for Ireland, or her Majesty's Plantations, be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Treaty with the King of Prussia, Treaty wick laid before this House, be taken into Consideration To- King of morrow Morning. Prussia.

ing

Panithing Mutiny and Defection.

Mr. St. John ("according to Order) presented to the House a Bill, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Musters, and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Supply Bill! next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Eow Win House, to consider further of the Bill, for continuing Duties upon low Wines, and upon Coffee, Tea, Chocolate, Spices, and Pictures, and upon Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, and upon Muslins, and for granting new Duties upon several of the said Commodities, and also upon Callicoes, China-ware, and Drugs.

Promissory An ingrossed Bill, for giving the like Remedy upon Ordered, That the Bill, for prohibiting all Trade and Prohibiting Notts. Notes, promising the Payment of Money, as is now used Commerce with France, be read, a Second time upon Commerce upon Bills of Exchange, was read the Third time, Tuesday Morning next. With Fr#DCt

The

Army

Arrears

Nanney's

Will.

Earl of

Kildare's

Estate

Pince's

Estate

Cotier's

Estate

3 Ank.

ft° — 3° F

5°9

- The House being informed, that the Keeper of Newgate attended (according to Order) with John Pali/; John Oviat, John Palon, junior, Henry Basse, and Daniel

Horne, committed by this House;

Several of them were severally called in, and examined; and then withdrew.

And also the Keeper, and his Clerk, and Turnkey, and one Edward Hill,were called in, and examined; and then withdrew.

Ordered, That the said John Paty, John Oviat, John Paton, junior, Henry Basse, and Daniel Horne, he remanded Prisoners to her Majesty's Prison of;

and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Bunbury, Sir Chr. Hales, Mr. JVard, Mr. Fawndes, Mr. Mr.

ton, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Geo. Hume, and Thomas Duncan, in behalf of themselves, the Non-commission Officers, and private Men, that served in, the Reduction of Ireland, in Brigadier Woolsly's Regiment of Iniskilling Horse, is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Alorning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 3 die Februani'

3 Annas Regina.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, for confirming and making good the last Will and Testament of Hugh Esquire, deceased, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, ‘ An Act for confirming and making good the last Will and Testament of Hugh Nanney, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Vaughan do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming an Agreement, made by certain Articles, by and between John Earl of Kildare, Richard Lord Bel-lezv (both of the Kingdom of Ireland) and Frances his Lady, Charlotte Countess of Newburgh, of the Kingdom of Scotland, and William Rowley, Esquire, and for selling Part of the Estate of the said Earl of Kildare, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Air. Bull eel reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill, to enable certain Trustees to make Sale of several Lands, and Chattel Estates, in the County of Devon, and City and County of Exon, of Joseph Pince, for the Payment of his Debts and Legacies, charged upon his Estate, and for a Provision for himself, his Wife, and Family, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the Same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Hoblyn reported, from the Committee, to whom the Bill, for vesting the Manor, and Capital Messuage, of Latchford, with the Appurtenances, and divers Freehold Messuages, Farms, and Lands, in Latchford and Hase-ley, in the County of Oxford, late die Lstate of Wm. Lent hall, Esquire, deceased, and by him mortgaged to Sir John Cutler, Knight and Baronet, deceased, in

V 0 l. 14.

Trustees, to be sold, towards Payment Of the said Debt, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that they had heard the Counsel for the Countess of Abercorn, and her Son, upon their Petition; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House:

Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon (with an Amendment to One of them) agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Mathew Dudley reported from the Committee, to interest on whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the benefited Lottery Malt Lottery Tickets was referred, the Matter, as it ap- ickeU< peared to them, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read; and is, as followeth; viz.

That the Committee having examined the Allegations of the said Petition, it appeared, that most of the Benefit Tickets were issued for the several publick Services, in the Years 1697 and 1698, as full Aloney.

That by the Act of the 8th and 9th of his late Majesty King William (by virtue whereof the same were issued) it was provided, that, if all the Money arising by the Duties of Malt, &c. thereby granted, should not amount to so much, as would be sufficient to pay off all the said Tickets, the same Deficiency should be made good out of the first Aid to be granted by Parliament after the 29th Day of September, 1699, which was the Time limited by the said Act for Payment of the whole.

That by an Act of the 10th and nth Years of his said,

late Majesty, the Interest on the Blank Alalt Tickes was doubled from the 25th of Alarch, 1699.

That by an Act, made in the First Year of her present Majesty Queen Ann, Provision is made for Payment of all the Blank and Benefit Malt Tickets; but the same does not commence till the 1st of August, 1706, and is continued till the Year 1710; so that the said Benefit Tickets, yet unpaid, have been about Five Years and a half deficient, and ever since the 24th of June, 1697 (which is above Seven Years and a half) without Interest.

That there still remains 18,565 /. of the said Benefits unpaid; and, notwithstanding the y have been so long deficient, and that the Government had the Benefit of drawing them, they carry no Interest at all.

That, upon the Report of the Committee, to whom '

the Petition of the Proprietors of the said Tickets, last Session of Parliament, was referred, this House did, on the 18th of Alarch, 1703, give an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for better securing and regulating the Duties upon Salt, was committed, to receive a Clause, for securing the Interest on the said Benefit Alalt Lotte 17 Tickets.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for continuing Duties upon low Wines, and upon Coffee, Tea,

Chocolate, Spices, and Pictures, and upon Hawkers,

Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, and upon Aluslins, and for granting new Duties upon several of the said Commodities, and also upon Callicoes, China-ware, and Drugs, is committed.

A Petition oiJohn Benson, Under-sheriff of Middlesex, clandestine was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that Outlawries, he finds by the Votes, that the Bill, for the better enforcing the Execution of the Law, for preventing clandestine Outlawries in personal Actions, is committed; and being advised, the same will greatly prejudice the Petitioner, and also all Sheriffs in general, lie prays to be heard by Counsel before the said Committee, touching the said Bill.

6 N Ordered,

Granting Woodstock to l>uke of Marlborough.

Coal Trade.

io 3 0 Februarit.1704.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard before the Committee thereupon, by his Counsel, if he think fit.

An ingrossed Bill, for the better enabling her Majesty to grant the Honour and Manor of ,with the

Hundred of Wootton,to the Duke of Marlborough, and his Heirs, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for the better enabling her Majesty to grant the Honour and Manor of Woodstock, with the Hundred of Wootton, to the Duke of Marlborough, and his Heirs, in Consideration of the eminent Services by him performed to her Majesty, and the Publick.

Ordered, rl hat Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Mr. Dryden reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Deputy Lieutenants, Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, Inhabitants in the County of Huntington;

And also the Petition of the Justices of Peace, Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other the Inhabitants, of the County of Bedford-,

And also the Petition of the Deputy Lieutenants, Justices of the Peace, and other Gentlemen and Freeholders, . of the County of Norfolk, in behalf of themselves, and the poor Inhabitants;

And also the Petition of the Mayor, Sheriffs, Citizens, and Commonalty, of the City of Norwich, in Common Council assembled;

Were referred; the Matter, as it appeared to them, and Four Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where foe same were read, and are, as follow; viz.

That foe Petitions of Huntingtonshire and Bedfordshire being foe same in Substance, the Committee proceeded to examine the Witnesses of both together: And to prove foe Matter was produced;

William Barnes, Wm. Rawlins, Aaron Brown, John Wright-, who informed the Committee; that for Twenty, and Five-and-twenty, Years last past, they chiefly employed themselves in buying of Sea-coals at King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, and selling them again in the several Counties of Huntington and Bedford:

That, for about 16 or 17 Years last, they had paid id.a Chaldron for such Coals, Foreign-bought (over and above 4 d.which they paid before) by virtue of certain

By-laws, made for the Use and Benefit of the Poor of Lynn, as foe Vender (who is always a Freeman) has told them; saying, "You know, I must pay foe said " 12 d.for the Benefit of the TownAnd then they

agree for the Price of foe Coals, as well as they can;

That, in case they buy Coals of a Freeman of not Foreign-bought (that is, not bought of an Importer, who is not a Freeman of Lyn) the said 12 is not demanded; but the Seller agrees for a reasonable Profit perhaps at 3d. or 6d. per Chaldron:

That all Masters of Ships, and others, importing Coals to Lyn, not being free of foe said Town, are compelled to lie Three Days in foe Port, before they are permitted to sell their Coals, though a Freeman may sell, or unload, as soon as he arrives; and then they are obliged to sell to a Freeman only, or else the Coals are seized by foe Corporation of Lyn, as forfeited, upon Pretence of a Custom, called Foreign-bought and sold; which has been put in Practice for about Sixteen Years:

That the Ships, using foe Coal Trade from Newcastle to Lyn,are lessened in Number by One-fifth, occasioned

(as they conceive) by the said By-laws, or Customs; whereby also her Majesty's Duties on S.ea-coals is diminished, many People within the said Counties using Pit-7

coals, and other Fuel, who otherwise would bum Sea-coals':

That a Lyn Ship, now trading in Coals to Newcastle, will make as much Profit in One Voyage, as formerly in Two, the Freemen engrossing all the Sea-coals into their Hands; and if foe Buyer will not give them their Price, they will lay them up.

That William Barnes said, he bought Coals at Lyn, between May Day and Michaelmas last, for 25 s. per Chaldron, and Forty Bushels to the Chaldron, and sold the same again at St. Ives for 31$. 4 foe Chaldron; and that they cost him per Chaldron Freight; and that he sold but 32 Bushels to the Chaldron at Bedford.

Aaron Brown said, that he paid between May Day and Michaelmas last, 26 s. 6d. a Chaldron at Lyn, and sold them at Bedford for 37 s. 6 d.per Chaldron.

And that all the Witnesses agreed, they never made any Complaint of foe said By-laws, or Customs, to the Mayor or Corporation of Lyn, because (as they said) they thought, it would have been to no Purpose.

That, in Answer to which,

Mr. Rolf foe Town-clerk of Lyn, said, that there never was any By-law made by the Corporation of Lyn: That Eight-pence per Chaldron, for Sea-coals, should be paid for all Foreign-bought, or sold, Coals, imported into their Harbour, and not consumed in the said Town; but believes, there was a Combination, or Subscription, for that Purpose, entered into by the Ship-masters, and other Freemen of Lyn, trading in Coals, which was for the Relief of the Seamens Widows and Orphans, lost in a great Storm in 1695, whereby foe Town of Lyn lost Twenty of their Ships, and, since that, to foe Value of above 12,0001.

That this 8 d.per Chaldron is collected of the Freemen by the Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor, of Lyn; and never knew, that anybody ever complained of it to foe Mayor and Corporation; but foe Freemen do not j>ay foe said 8 d. per Chaldron, for such Coals, as they spend themselves; and if this House shall not allow of the said Collection, it shall be discontinued.

That 4 d.per Chaldron, for all Coals, so imported

into the said Harbour, has been paid for foe Use of foe Corporation of Lyn, for above One hundred and Sixty Years, but not by the Freemen.

That Lyn was a Corporation by Prescription, long be- ' fore foe Reign of King John: That he granted them a Charter, with divers Privileges, and referring to the Charter of Oxford, in case of any Doubt

That the Freemen of Oxford did, Three hundred and Thirty Years ago, adjudge, that all foreign Ships, importing Coals to Lyn, shall sell the same upon a Market-day only, upon Forfeiture of the Coals, as Foreign-bought, and sold, except to a Nobleman, or Freeman, or any other Person that buys the same for their own Consumption.

Mr. Rolf also acquainted foe Committee, that by Foreign-bought, and sold, is meant, where both the Buyer and Seller are Foreigners; but if either of them be a Freeman, it is not within the Meaning of those Words; and foe Corporation of Lyn do claim that Privilege of Foreign-bought and sold, by Prescription, for above 500 Years.

That all Coals, so imported, must be sold to the: Freemen of Lyn, except as aforesaid; but the Foreigner1 might always sell his Coals by Retail, as soon as he came into Port; and he never knew, that any of them were denied to sell to a Freeman in gross, upon asking Leave of the Mayor of Lyn so to do, several of them having.' had such Leave granted.

He also produced Two By-Laws, made by foe Corporation of Lyn, foe one dated foe 21st Day of May, 1688, and foe other the 29th Day of April, 1689; whereby it was resolved, That the said Corporation would use all lawful Ways and Means to support and maintain their ancient Rights and Privileges, in obliging all foreign Ships, bringing Sea-coals to that Port, not to deliver their Coals

3 Ann. 3 Februarii.511

in gross, till they have laid Three working Days, to be computed from the Time of such Ship's mooring within their Harbour, for serving the poor Inhabitants, pursuant to an ancient Custom.

That Mr. Rolf also said, the Occasion of making those

By-laws was, to prevent Persons going.down to Sea in Boats, and forestalling the Coals, before they arrived in the Port of Lyn, and engrossing them in great Quantities;

but believes, there was a Mistake, as to the Three Days; because, he takes it, they ought to have been confined to sell upon a Market-day only, which are , and

Saturdays, weekly.

Mr. John Turner, now Mayor of Lyn, said, that, during his Mayoralty, there has been but One Foreigner, that did ask Leave to unlade his Coals, as soon as he arrived in their Port, his Ship being leaky; and it was granted him; and believes, he should have given the like Liberty to others, if they had asked it.

Mr. Charles Turner, late Mayor of Lyn — that, while he was Mayor, several Foreigners, importing Sea-coals, desired Leave of him to unlade; and he denied uone, that asked for it.

Mr. Upzcood said, that he has sent several hundred

Chaldrons of Sea-coals from Lyn to Bedford, by Boatmen, who often leave the Coals upon the Banks of the River, and go Two or Three times to Lyn, before they deliver the Coals at Bedford", whereby the Coals are much wasted; and he never had above 26 Bushels to the Chaldron, delivered at Bedford.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolutions; viz.

Resolved, That it appears to the Committee, That the Freemen of the Town of Lyn in the County of Norfolk, have, for many Years last past, by a Combination amon< themselves, exacted Eight-pence per Chaldron for all Coals, sold in the Port of Lyn by Persons not being free of the said Town (more than has been anciently paid) without any Colour of Law for it.

Resolved, That it appears to the Committee, That the Corporation of Lyn, in 1688, and 1689, made Two several By-laws, whereby they obliged all Persons, trading in Coals to the Port of Lyn, not to deliver their Coals in

f'oss, till they have lain Three working Days in the stud ort, from the Mooring of the Ship.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there is an ancient Custom in the Town of Lynn, called Foreign-bought, and Foreign-sold; which is a Monopoly, and a very great Grievance and Oppression to the Inhabitants of die Counties of Huntingdon and Bedford.

That, upon the Petition of the City of Norwich, referred also to the said Committee, the Matter appeared, upon the Examination of the several Witnesses following; viz.

Mr. John Jex, Mr. James Ward, Mr. Tho. Myles, (all of Lowestoff) that they have been Dealers in Shipping,

and sold Coals at Yarmouth, for Fifteen, Eight, and Nine, Years; and that they have been obliged to sell their Coals to the Freemen of Yarmouth only, or else to get a Freeman to sell for them; and then they are forced to allow half a Chaldron out of Twenty, for the Benefit of the Town of Yarmouth, and another half Chaldron in the Score to the Freemen, that either buy, or sell, the Coals; and this they take, and demand, as a Right, or else the Coals are seized; but said, that oftentimes the Freemen, by' reason of their great Dealings, do remit their half Chaldron.

That they are also obliged to pay to the Town of Yarmouth for unfree Ballast (as they call it) Eight-pence Halfpeny per Chaldron, for every Chaldron of Coals, that are imported or made out there, although they use but Five or Six Ton of Ballast; and that a Freeman of Yarmouth pays only 4l d. per Chaldron.

That they also pay to the Chamberlain of Yarmouth 4 s.6 d. for every Vessel, that comes into that Port, for Anchorage, Peerage, Pilotage, and Outgoing, though it was but 45. before the present Water-bailiff 's time; yet he You 14.

insists upon 45. 6d. as his Right; and, besides have paid Coal an Half-peny, a Peny, and Three Half-pence, per Chal- Trade, dron, for Metage, to the Chamberlain: And Ward said, that a Master of his paid 20 s. for the Use of the Capstern; when his Vessel was on Ground, but told him, the Cable was thereby damnified.

That were it not for these Customs, or Duties, they should import much more Coals, than they do; but, by reason thereof, they send them to Ipswich, Harwich, and other Ports, where they sell to a better Advantage, than at Yarmouth, although they sell their Coals something cheaper: And Mr. Jex said, he should send Five Vessels, for One, to were it not

for those Payments; and then Coals might be afforded cheaper.

And Ward said, that, for the same Reason, he had a Pink went twice to Harwich this Year, which should otherwise have gone to Yarmouth; and that they do not know, that any other Port, or Freeman, takes, or demands any such Duties as aforesaid.

Cyrill Rich, Esquire, said, that he, going upon the Key of Yarmouth, with Intent to buy Coals, observed, that a Master of a Vessel had lain there loaded some Time; and asking him the Reason of it, answered, he had not staid his Time, for that he must lie Three Market-days there, before he could sell his Coals; and that the Market Days are twice a Week.

Mr. Hehvys, Alderman of Norwich, said, that the Town of Yarmouth monopolize Shipping, as well as Coals; for , that he bought a small Ship with a Freeman, of Yarmouth, in Moieties; and the Ship arriving at Yarmouth, laden with Coals, the Town demanded, and took, of him los. 6d. as a Composition for Half a Chaldron of Coals, as a Foreigner, though the Coals were for his own Consumption at Norwich, and never was a Dealer in Coals any otherwise.

That Coals are cheaper Southward of Yarmouth, thart there, where they have brought them to near the Price, though the Wages for Labour is double at London.

That the Charges of the Capstern, and Cables to it[ were paid for by the Couqfies of Norfolk and Suffolk, and the Inventor of the Capstern had Ten Guineas given him for his Contrivance.

Elisha Philippo, of Norwich, said, that one Joseph Had-(foc/r bought some Deals, imported by a Danish Vessel at Yarmouth; and the Town seized the Deals, as foreign-bought, and foreign-sold; and Haddock broOght a Re-plevin, and the Matter going on for'Trial, the then Tdwh-clerk of Yarmouth (one Mr. Godfrey, since dead) advised Haddock to make an End with the Town, and submit to pay a Fine; for that the Town was rich; and believed,' their Custom was against Law; yet it wbuld cost him Money, to try it with them; and, if he would make his Submission, he promised, his Fine should be repaid him:

And accordingly Haddock did submit, was fined, and the Fine repaid by Mr. Godfrey, at Mr. s House,

with Costs of Suit.

That; in Answer to Norwich Petition,

Mr. Anth. Ellis and Mr. Andrews, Aldermen of Yarmouth, 9aid, that the Town of Yarmouth had appointed them, and others, to attend the Committee upon the said Petition; and that they did not dehy the Evidence, produced by the Petitioners; but alleged, that Yarmouth was a Borough by Prescription, long before the Reign of King John ", artd that the same Customs, Usages, and Duties, were then there irt' Practice, and paid to the Crown, as are now to the Town, and to which they have a Right.

That King John granted them a Charted, and thereby gave them all the Soil, Rights, Privileges, and Customs, of the Borough, then in the Crown, reserving a Fee-farm Rent, of Five-and-fifty Pounds per Annum, to him, and his Successors.

In Consideration'of the Customs and Usages of the Borough, they had no profitable Lahds or Tenements, thereby granted them, nor claim any other Customs, or

Dufies,

Coal

Trade.

512

Duties, that what are founded upon the Charter of King John, except an Admiralty Jurisdiction granted them by Queen Eliz.

That, by virtue of such Rights, and Customs, the Town of Yarmouth have always claimed, and taken, half a Chaldron in the Score of all Coals, imported there by Foreigners; and the Freemen of Yarmouth have the sthnc Right to another Half Chaldron; but never heard, it was ever taken by any of them, for this 25 Years (while he has been a Dealer) till upon the now Complaint.

That the Freemen of Yarmouth have, by ancient Custom, a Right to buy and sell all Merchandize and Commodities, imported there, exclusive of all others; and produced a List of many Seizures, where sold to a Foreigner; the First of which was in 140 Edw. III. the last in 1648.

That they have such a Custom as Foreign-bought, and 6old, which is, where both Buyer and Seller are not Freemen: but, if either be a Freeman, it is not so.

That what the Town of Yarmouth claim, they do it by ancient Custom, and not by any By-laws, though they have By-laws, as a Community, for disposing of tire Moneys arising by their Customs, and Duties.

That they have no Custom, to oblige a Foreigner to lie in their Port Three Market-days before he sells his Lading, but that he may sell immediately to a Freeman of Yarmouth.

That the Town of Yarmouth yearly employ One hundred Forty-five Vessels (besides many other Ships to London) in the Coal Trade, and breed about 500 Seamen: That these Ships import about 24,000 Chaldrons yearly in Time of War (last Year 29,000;) and in Time of Peace, making Six Voyages in a Summer (as they might do) about 43,000 Chaldrons.

That for Three Years last, commvnibus annis, the Produce of the Half Chaldron, taken by the Town, has amounted but to about 64/. yearly, and is about 6d. per Chaldron, but, upon the whole Importation, is about a Half-peny per Chaldron.

That the Town of Yarmouth do take of an Unfreeman, for Ballast 8id. per Chaldron, for every Chaldron of Coals that they import, or make out; and if go a fishing, pay for free Ballast only; and that a Freeman pays but 4f d.per Chaldron.

That Yarmouth constantly keeps Two Keels, of about 24 Tons each, and Men employed, to fetch Ballast, at the cheapest Rate they can; and it lies them in about 15 s. for which a Freeman, if he has Occasion for it, must pay 17 s. And that, if an Unfreeman were to find his own Ballast, the Town giving their Soil, yet it would cost him as much, or near as much, getting, as he pays for it; because the Ballast-men being always employed, will work cheaper, than to be at the Uncertainty of Employ by Foreigners.

That Foreigners are not obliged to take their Ballast of the Town, but may get it at other Places; and of Eighteen Foreigners, in 1702, but Six of them took Ballast of the Town: And if Foreigners lay their own Ballast on the Key, and take it again, they pay but for half Ballast; and they may deliver it on the other Side of the River, out of the Town's Jurisdiction; but there they must also pay an Acknowledgment.

That, by the ancient Customs of , they have

a Right to 45. 6d. for every foreign Vessel, that comes into their Harbour for Anchorage, Moorage, Keyage, Beaconage, Pilotage, and Outgoings; of which lSd'. is paid to the Pier-master; and cannot say particularly, how the other 3$. is paid; but the Town is at the Charge of a Light set up at the Head of the Haven; and that the Freemen pay to the Pier-man, but not the other Duties above-mentioned.

That the Town is at the Charge of Metts, or Measures, which costs them about 35 /. a Year; and Strangers have the Use of them for nothing.

That were it not for the Customs, and Duties, aforesaid (though they claim some others) the Corporation could not subsist; and if there should be no Difference

.1704.

between a Free and Unfrceman, nbbody will take out their Freedoms; for it is a great Charge to the Freemen, to bear the Offices of the Town.

That the Revenues and Duties of the Town, arising by their ancient Customs, are so precarious, and so many, that he cannot say what they amount to yearly.

That there are Two Cables to the Capstem, a greater, and a lesser, which were provided at the County Charge; and if the greater be used they pay 125. for it; if the lesser, 105. And a Committee of the Town of Yarmouth is appointed, to esquire, what Damages arise by such Usage, and to assess the same, the Produce whereof is placed to the Credit of the County; and that both Freemen and Unfreemen pay alike for the Use of the Capstem.

To this the Petitioners replied:

And Mr. Ilelwys,of Norwich, said, that, by virtue of the said Charter, Yarmouth has a Key, Thirty or Forty Yards broad in the narrowest Place, and a Mile long, a great Market Place, have built an Hospital on a great Waste before the Church, and a whole Street, near half a Mile long.

That they have an Estate near the Key Mill, and several Gardens out of Town, [and One in Town ]; and also have Rents of the Inhabitants, for Liberty of setting up Pales in the Streets, about Four Foot from the Houses; and that he pays 1 £. a Year, or some such Matter, for Two Houses, be has there, of about Thirty Foot Front, for the like Privilege.

They have also a Common which is called the Daines, above 200 Acres whereof is good Land, and if it were inclosed, would be worth 1 o or 15 an Acre.

And that, about Two Years ago, Alderman Bradford, of Yarmouth, told him, the Bailiffs made 500l. a Year by the Customs arising out of their Fishery.

Mr. JVard, and Mr. Myles said, that, if a Foreigner imports Herrings at Yarmouth, the First Freeman sets the Price, that he will give the Fisherman, and then carries the Price to the Town-house, where the Freemen haine them (that is, set a higher Price on them) if they think fit; which advanced Price the Corporation have the Benefit of, and amounts to a considerable yearly Sum.

Mr. Je.v said, that he has paid the late Chamberlain of Yarmouth a Half-peny, 4 Peny, and Three Halfpence, per Chaldron, for Metage; and produced Bills under iris Hand, to prove it.

That he never, but once, in Fourteen Years, allowed the full Half Chaldron to the Freeman; yet they always claim it as their Right, and take, in lieu thereof, a Bottle of Wine, or some such small Matter: And Mr. Myles said, he allowed it the First time of his trading the re, before he was acquainted, and resolved never to go thither again, unless they would remit it; since which he has never paid the full, but always an Acknowledgment of the Favour, by a Bottle or Two of Wine; and sends to Yarmouth but once a Year, because of their Impositions.

Mr. Jex further said, that they can get Ballast, if they might have it where the Town has, as cheap, as to take it from the Ballast Keels; for that they pay the Ballast-men for throwing it into the Ship, over and above the 8 id.

That a Ship of 90 Tons will require 30 Tons of Ballast, which he could supply for 10 s. if he might get it where the Town does; and if he buys it of the Town, as they reckon by the Chaldron, it w ill come to about 3/. And that at London, and other Ports, they pay for no more Ballast than they have.

That there is no Ballast near the Town, but what is their Soil; so cannot be conveniently supplied elsewhere, but at greater Charges.

That if a Vessel go out a fishing, her Ballast is of another Sort, for which they pay 2 per Ton to the Carters, that bring and lay it upon the Key; for which Liberty. the Town takes half a Crown.

That Two of his Ships ran one against another, and one laden with Coals, ran aground, and he offered the

[ ] These Words are supplied from the origiuul Report.

Coals

3° Februar.


3 Ann,

3" Februarii,

Coals to any body, that would take them, For Lightage of the Ship; and she coming afterwards to Yarmouth Ilaven, to repair, the Town of Yarmouth demanded 10& for Ground age, as their Manor Right; and he paid it.

That a Master of one of his Vessels took up Nine Barrels of Tar, supposed to be a Wreck; and the Town of Yarmouth sent for them, as their Right of Admiralty, and had them, as his Master told him.

To this Reply, Mr. Alderman Ellis said,

That it is true, the Town of Yarmouth have a Key, the Daines, an Hospital for 50 poor Children, and several Gardens, and old Houses; but all were the Waste of the Borough, and they have no Rents for them; and all the Inhabitants of Yarmouth use the Dames as their Common,

and put in their Cows, to supply the Town with Milk, paying to the Parson only 3d. a Head.

That if the Chamberlain, or Water-bailiff, has taken any thing for Metage, he had no Custom of the Town to warrant it, for it is not in their Book of Rates.

That the Freemen have a Right of haining a Moiety of the Herrings imported, the Corporation claiming a Right to that Moiety, in case they hain them at a higher Price, than the First Buyer bought them at; and then distribute them among the Freemen, to prevent engrossing them, such Over-price being the Bailiffs, towards the Support of the Corporation; and if they are not hained higher than the First Price, the First Buyer has all the Herrings himself.

Mr. Alderman Ferrier said, that Seven or Eight Years ago he was Bailiff of Yarmouth; and the Execution of that Office was always looked upon as burthensome, and expensive; and he found it so, though he was as good a Husband as he could, and had the Half of 91 /. allowed him by the Corporation, towards his Charges; and several have been ruined, and impaired their Families, thereby.

That what arises by the Customs, Duties, and Revenues, of the Borough, are all applied to support the Community of the Town, and not to the Maintenance of the Poor.

That, upon the Petition of the County of Norfolk, also referred to the said Committee,

Mr. Jex and Mr. JVardacquainted the Committee, that they had no more to say for the County, than what they had said for the City of Norz; but that the Duties taken of Foreigners at Yarmouth discourage them from importing Coals there, whereby the Country, and Places supplied from thence, must needs suffer in the Price of their Coals; and believe, that the Freemen of Yarmouth may yearly import a sufficient Quantity to serve the Country; yet, if Strangers might have a free Importation, it would lower the Price of Coals, and People would spend more of them.

To this Alderman Ferrier said, that, if Foreigners might import Coals Duty-free, yet they could not do it so cheap, as the Yarmouth Men; for that their Haven being very dangerous, a Foreigner lies sometimes Three Weeks, to get in, because they do not care to Be at the Charge, and have not the Conveniency, of lightening their Vessels, as the Yarmouth Men have.

That Yarmouth has always more Coals by them, than the Country consumes; and therefore believes, if more were imported, the Price would not be lessened.

That the Yarmouth Freemen sell 36 Bushels to the Chaldron to the Keelmen, out of which they make 40 Bushels, and take a Peny per Chaldron for Stayage at

Norwich, and 2 d. at all the Country Stays besides, as the Keelmen have told him; and this raises the Price of Coals to the Country.

And that, upon the whole Matter of the Petitions of the Cjty of Norwich, and County of the Committee came to the following Resolution; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Custom and usage of the Corporation of Yarmouth, that no Un-freeman of that Corporation can sell any Coals -to any Person, who is not free of the same, Vo h. 14.

513

is a Monopoly, and a very great Grievance and Oppression to the Inhabitants of the City of Norwich, a great Part of the County of Norfolk, and County of Suffolk, who cannot so conveniently be supplied with Coals but by the Port of Yarmouth;

The First Resolution being read a Second time; several Amendments were severally proposed to be made therein; viz.

Before " Freemen" to leave out " the," and insert " several" instead thereof; and after " Not folk", to insert " dealing in Coals;" and at the End of the Resolution to add, " or any Act of the Corporation, preteudidg to " authorize the same."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, so amended, That several Freemen of the Town of Lyn, in the County of Norfolk, dealing in Coals, have, for many Years last past, by a Combination among themselves, exacted Eight-pence per Chaldon for all Coals, sold in the Port of Lynn by Persons not being free of the said Town (more than has been anciently paid) without any Colour of Law for it, or any Act of the Corporation, pretending to authorize the same.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That the Corporation of Lynn, in 1688, and 1689, made Two several By-laws, whereby they obliged all Persons, trading in Coals to the Port of Lynn, not to deliver their Coals in gross, till they have lain Three working Days in the said Port, from the Mooring of the Ship. ' '

The Third Resolution being read a Second time; an Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out " a Monopoly, and."

And the Question being put, That " a Monopoly, and, " stand Part of the said Resolution;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee,' in the said Resolution, That there is an ancient Custom in the Town of Lynn, called Foreign-bought, and Foreign-sold, which is a Monopoly, and a very great Grievance iand Oppression to the Inhabitants of the Counties of Huntington and Bedford;

The House divided;

The Noes go forth:

Teller for the Yea . £

44.

Teller for the No $

So it passed in the Negative.

The Fourth Resolution being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That the Custom and Usage of the Corporation of Yarmouth, that no Un-freeman of that Corporation can sell any Coals to any Person, who is not free of the same, is a Monopoly, and a Very great Grievance and Oppression to the Inhabitants of the City of Norwich, a great Part of the County of Norfolk, and County of Suffolk, who cannot so conveniently be supplied with Coals, but by the Port of

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Teller for the Yea , £ ] 39-

Teller for the Noe , £} 46‘

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for the free Importation, and vending, of Coals, in the several Ports of this Kingdom; and that Mr. Dryden., Mr. Carteret, Mr. Trefusis, Sir Robert Dayers, and Mr. Hamond, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

60

Coal Trade.

Nightly

Watch,

Recruiting Land Forces.

Treaty with King of Prussia,

Recovering Tythes, Acc.

Scotland — Security against certain Acts *

Pechells\ &c. Nat

Kenyon's Debt to the Crown.

Earl of Burlington and Cork's Estate

514 3" — 5 Februarii.A: 1704;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom it was referred to enquire into the Matter of a Letter, sent to Mr. Lowndes, and the Author of it, be made upon Thursday Morning next

Ordered, That die Bill, for the better regulating the nightly Watch, he read h. Second time upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for the better recruiting her Majesty's Land Forces, and the Marines, was committed, be made upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Treaty with the King of,

laid l»efore this House, be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

— 1 I- gg I MW ....

Lunce, 5 die Februarii;

3 Ann® Regina.

PuAyers.

A BILL, for continuing an Act, relating to Wears, j\- Locks, and Carriages, on the River Thames, an Act for more easy Recovery of small Tythes, an Act about Partitions of Land in Co-parcenary, and some Acts about returning of Juries, was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from tbp Lords, by Sir Robert And Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Ixnds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, an Act for the effectual securing the Kingdom of England from the apparent Dangers, that may arise from several Acts, lately passed in the Parliament of Scotland, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Aiungropsed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for ntfturalizing Jacob Pechelb, Elias Landes, Fronds Lacroix, and others, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read-a Second time,

A Bill to impower the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with Thomas Kenyan, Gentleman, Executor of JLuke Lloyd, Esquire, One of the Sureties of Morgan Whit lay, Esquire, late Receiver-general for the Counties of Chester and North Wales,was read a Second time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Committee, io whom this Bill, to impower the Lord High Treasurer, pr Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time bein& to compound with Sir Michael Biddulph, Baronet, as One of the Sureties for Morgan Whitley, Esquire, Receiver-general for the Counties of Chester and North Wales, was committed.

Sir Dudley Cullunt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill, for Sale of several Estates in Ireland and England, for the Payment of the Debts of the late Earl of Burlington and Cork, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to die Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the Houses Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put" thereupon, agreed unto by dip House. - -

‘ ' 2 -

Ordered, That die Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Naylor have Leave to go into the Leave of Country, for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. Rice have Leave to go into the Country, for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Mr. Parker reported from the Committee, to whom Trafford' the Bill, for making void the Marriage Settlement of Estate. William Trafford, Gentleman, and Clare his Wife, and settling the Moiety of the Manor, Messuages, Tythes, and Lands, therein mentioned, and intended to be purchased, on their eldest Son William Trafford, Gentleman, and his Heirs, and for making Provision for their younger Children, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they bad directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Lord Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, Poulett's An Act to enable the Right Honourable John Lord E#ute Poulett, and Bridget Lady Poulctt, his Wife, with the Consent of their Trustees, to sell their Shares and Interest of and in certain Manors and Lands in the County of Kent, and to purchase other Lands and Hereditaments, of the like Value, to be settled to the same Uses.

.....were read the First time, and afterwards

‘a Second time, one by tine; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, and are, as follow; viz.

Press 10. L. 8. For the Second " and, " read " of."

Press 12. L. 33. For " Norrey," read " Norreys."

Ordered, That Mr. Gwyn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Greets to enable John Green, of Gavcllacre, in the County of Estate. Southampton, Clerk, to sell some Estates in,

in the "County of Wilts, and for the settling other Estates in Gavellacre, in the County of Southampton, of a better Value, to the same Uses, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, to enable John of Rock, Proctor'

in the County of Northumberland, Esquire, to sell, or E tate. otherwise dispose of, his Lands in Shawdon, Shawdonr rvoodhouse and Crawley, upon settling Lands, of like Value, in Rock, in the said County, in lieu thereof, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be.

An Act to enable John Proctor, of Rock, in the County of Northumberland, Esquire, to sell, or otherwise dispose of, his Lands in Shawdon, Shawdon -rvoodhouse, and Crawley, upon settling Lands, of the like Value, in the said County, in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That Mr, Lawson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.;

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Apt Griffin' for enabling Trustees to make Leases of Part of the E tat . Manor of JDingley, and Lands there, for Payment of the Debts of James Griffin, Esquire, and raising Portions for younger Children, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill,

Correspondence with Enemies.

Leave of Absence.

Captured

French

Wines.

Irish Linen.

Ditto.

Granting Woodstock to Duke of Marlborough.

Walet> Debt to the Crown.

Biddnlph's Debt to the Grown.

3 AnN.

A Bill, against corresponding with her Majesty's Enemies, was read a Second time.

Resolved', That the Dill be" committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Cowper have Leave to go into the Country, for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Petition of Ainsxcortk, and others, concerned in Privateer; who have taken small French Wina, which are not able to pay the Customs, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that *

That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, to permit the Exportation of Linen to the Plantations, and to prohibit the Importation of Scotch Linen into Ireland;

A Petition of tire Linen Webster , and others, concerned in the Linen Manufactory, in and about Warrington, in the County of Lancaster, was presented to tire House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners, and many thousand Families, whole Livelihood depends upon tire said Manufacture, which is mostly made of Irish Linen Yarn, and is generally sold'to Merchants, who export it to the Plantations: That the Petitioners conceive, if the Bill, to permit the Exportation of Irish Linen to the Plantations, and to prohibit the Importation of Scotch Linen into Ireland,should pass, it will wholly destroy

the English Linen Manufactory, and consequently ruin many thousand Families, who, for many Ages, have supported themselves thereby: And praying the due CJonsideration of the House in this Matter.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the stud Bill 16 committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do make Provision in the Bill, that the same be temporary.

Then the House (according to Order) resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Gilbert Dolben took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Gilbert Dolben reported from the said Committee, that they had gone through the BUI, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when tire House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Thursday Morning next

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard and, Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better enabling her Majesty to grant the Honour and Manor of Woodstock, with the Hundred of Wootton, to the Duke of Marlborough, and his Heirs, in Consideration of the eminent Services by him performed to her Majesty, and the Publick, without Amendment:

And also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting iu Trustees all the Estate of

Baldxvyn Malet\ Esquire, and William Malet, his Son, and Heir apparent, for Payment of the Debt of the said Baldxvyn Malet, to her Majesty, as he was Receiver-general for the County of Somerset, and City and County of the City of Bristol, and for settling the Residue on the said Wm. Malet, and his Heirs and Assigns for ever, as by Agreement between the said Baldxvyn and

William Malet, without Amendment:

; And also to the Bill, intituled, An Act to irapower the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Trea-V ox.. 14.

5 r,5

sury, to compound with -Sir Michael Biddulph, Baronet, as he was One of the Sureties for Morgan Whitley,

Esquire, Receiver-general for the Counties of Chester and North Wales,without any Amendment:

And also to the Bill, intituled, An Act to impower Cobb' Debt the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Trea- to the Crown, sury, to compound with Richard Cobb, Esquire, as One of the Sureties for Thomas Cobb, Gentleman, deceased, .;

Receiver-general for the County of Southampton, and Isle of Wight, without any Amendment:

And also to the Bill, intituled, An Act to impower Drake's, &c. the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Trea- D bt to the sury, to compound with John Drake, John Hunton, and Crown' Edmund Coke, as Sureties for Augustine Briggs, Receiver-general for the County of Norfolk, and City of,

without any Amendment:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Duke of Act for vesting in Trustees certain Manors and Lands of Devonshire's William Duke of Devonshire, and William (commonly EsUte called) Marquis of Hartington, to enable them to mort-.jgage the same, for Payment of Debts; and, subject thereunto, to settle the same to the like Uses, as tire same are now settled, with an Amendment; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of tins House:

Also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for tire Contirmation of an Agreement, made between Thomas late Lord Bishop of Carlisle, and Tho. Coke,

Esquire, for vesting tire Rectory of Mtlborn, in the County of Derby, in the said Thomas Coke, and his Heir$, upon Augmentation of the Rents to the Bishop of Carlisle, and of the Stipend to tire Vicar to

which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdraw.

Ordered, That tire Bill, for granting to her Majesty a Suppjy further Subsidy on Wines and Merchandizes imported, Subsidy a" and a new Duty on such East India Goods, prohibited Wines, to be worn in England, as shall be exported for Ireland, or her Majesty's Plantations, be read a Second time upoq Wednesday Morning next

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply Bill; Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Low Wines. House, to consider further of the Bill for continuing Duties upon low Wines, and upon Coffee, Tea, Chocolate:

Spices, and Pictures, and upon Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, and upon Muslins, and for granting new Duties upon several of the said Commodities and also upon Callicoes, China-ware, and Drug9.

Ordered, That the Treaty with the King of , Treaty witll

laid before this House, be taken into Consideration upon King of Wednesday Morning next Prussia.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 6 die Februarii;

3 Annas Regime.

Pit AYERS.

<yO H N Henricy, James Brovett, Theodore Christian J Fabricius, James Paine, Anthony Leganier, Peter Coste, James Mongenot, James Jordan, and Isaac Vallo, took the Oaths, in order to their Naturalization.

An ingrossed Bill, for Sale of the Estate of Thomas

Holford, Esquire, in Plumbley, in the County of Chester,

and elsewhere, to raise Money to pay his Debts, and purchasing an Estate in Possession, to be settled to the same Uses, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title -be, An Act for Sale of the Estate of Thomas Holford,

Esquire, in Plimbey, or elsewhere, in the County of Chester, consisting chiefly in Reversions, to raise Money

for

5 ° — 6° Februtirii.

Bishop of

Carlisle's

Agreement

Cavendish's

Estate,

Lord

Escrick'i

Estate.

Button-

making.

Mason's Debt to the Crown.

Payment of Annuities.

51<!> 6° Februarii. 1704.

for Payment of his Debts, and purchasing ah Estate in Possession, to be settled to the same Uses, as the other Estate was settled.

Ordered, That Mr. Shackerley do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill, to enable Esquire,

to make a Settlement, in Jointure, upon any Wife he shall ' marry, and for the better raising the Portions charged upon his Estate, and for confirming of Enfranchisements of several Copyhold Estates, made by his Father, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act to enable William Cav, Esquire, to make a Settlement, in Jointure, upon any Wife he shall marry, and for the better raising the Portions, charged upon his Estate, and for confirming Enfranchisements of several Copyhold Estates, made by his Father, within the Manor of Dovebridge, in the Counties of Stafford and

Derby. '

Ordered, That Mr. Meyrick do carry the Bill to the ‘Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to vest the Estate of Charles Lord Howard, Baron of Fscrick, in Trustees, to sell the same, for Payment of his Debts, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment there-unto, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Gulston do carry the Bill to the 'Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, with an Amendment; to which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Tradesmen, and principal Inhabitants, inhabiting in and near the ancient Market Town of Barnsley, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, if the Bill, depending in the House, for making more effectual an Act, made in the 10th Year of his late Majesty's Reign, so as to restrain the making of Buttons of Horns, Horse-hoofs, Berries, and such-like Materials, should pass into a Law, it would ruin Hundreds of Families, who have no other Way of subsisting, but by making of Horn Buttons; and the Poor will greatly suffer thereby, in wanting these Buttons, they being far more serviceable, than those of Purle; besides, it will be a great Loss to all Landlords, Farmers, Graziers, and Tanners; and they are no Prejudice to the Woollen Manufactures, or the Trade,

as is falsly pretended: All which the Petitioners hope to make appear; and pray, they may be heard by Counsel, against the said Bill.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed;

It passed in the Negative.

An ingrossed Bill, to impower the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with John Mason, Gentleman, who was Receiver-general for the County, University, and Town, of Cambridge, and Isle of Ely, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act to impower the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, to compound with John Mae-son, Gentleman, who was Receiver-general for the County, University, and Town, of Cambridge, and Isle of Ely and also with John Pickering, Silk-man, One of the said John Mason's Sureties, as he was such Receiver.

Ordered, That the Lord William do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Sir Dudley Cullum reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill, for Payment of several Annuities to the Persons therein mentioned, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they

had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, with an Amendment to One of them.

And a Debate arising in the House, upon the Ingrossment of the Bill;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Friday Morning next.

The Lord William Pmlett reported from the Com- Hinxman' mittee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, in- Estate, tituled, An Act to enable Joseph Hinxman, of North Hinton, in the County of Southampton, Esquire, to sell some Estates in Andover, in the said County, and for the settling other Estates in Christ-church-t in the said Ccjunty, of a better Value, to the same Uses, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee haddirected him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Sir Mathew Dudley reported from the Committee, to Irish H«» whom the Petition of John Percivall, Esquire, and others, pitalAmui. was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them, upon the several other Petitions referred to the said Committee, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That all the Reports from the said Committee do lie upon the Table, until the Bill, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Musters, and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters, be read a Second time.

Mr. Hicks reported from the Committee, to whom the Ease of Pill, for the Ease of Sheriffs in Execution of their Sherifli. Offices, and passing their Accounts, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

(with some Amendments to some of the said Amendments) agreed unto by the House; and another Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be inr

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee Importing of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for importing naval St0l(5, naval Stores from the Plantations, is committed, that they -do leave out of the Bill Iron, and Copper.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, for prohibiting all Trade and Prohibiting Commerce with France, be read a Second time upon Commerce Friday Morning next, wit Fraoct

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Recruiting whole House, to whom the Bill, for the better recruiting Land Forces, her Majesty's Land Forces, and the Marines, was committed, be made Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act writs of to prevent Delays in Writs of Error, in several Cases, Error, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Thursday Morning next.

A Bill,

3 Ann: 6' — 7" Februarii. 517

Regulating A Bill, for enlarging the Number, and regulating, of Urukera. Brokers, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Parsons, Sir Francis CAM, Sir Dudley Ctdlum, Sir Jeff. Jefferies, Sir Gilbert Heathcot, Mr. Mr. Mey-

riclc, Sir John Holland, Mr. Mr. Hicks, Mr.

Hareourt, Sir Tho. Davall, Sir Nich. Pelham, Mr. Blath-

ttmite, Mr. Herne, Sir John Hatties, Sir and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Glahse, for the regulating the Coal Labourers, and appointing a certain Price for their Labour.

enlarging the Number, and regulating, of Brokers: That the Number of Brokers were by an Act of Parliament, made in the 8th and 9th Years of his late Majesty's Reign, limited to One hundred, many of which do not get a Subsistence for themselves, and Families; and the now Bill-is to enlarge the Number, without Restraint: That the said Act, being found beneficial to Trade, and the publick Credit, was thought fit to be continued for a further Term near expiring: And praying, that they may be heard' tty Counsel, or otherwise, before the said Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom die said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, before the Committee, thereupon, if they think fit.

Warbuiion'i

Lstute.

Biddtilph's

L»Uie.

Stower

Navigation.

Regulating

Broker *

An ingrossed Bill, to enable Sir Geo. Warburton, Baronet, to sell the Manor or Lordship of Pulford, in the Mr. Carteret presented to the House a Bill, for the free Coal Trad . County of Chester, to perform an Agreement, made upon Importation, and vending, of Coals, in the several Ports his Marriage, for Payment of several Portions, charged of this Kingdom; and the same was received, and read upon his Estate, and also to pay some Debts, which his the First time.

Father had Power to charge, was read the Third time.- But the same hot being drawn according to the Di-Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, rections of the House; the same was, by Leave of the An Act to enable Sir Geo. Warburton, Baronet, to sell House, withdrawn, in order to the presenting of another, the Manor or Lordship of Pulford, in the County of according to Order.

Chester, to perform an Agreement, made upon his Marriage, for Payment of several Portions, charged upon his sir Richard Vivian reported from the Committee, pOT-de.nac Estate, and also to pay some Debts, which his Father to whom the Petition of Henry Jones, Esquire, was re- (IjukJ's F.nd) had Power to charge. ferred, the Matter, as it appeared to them, and the Lit5ht ll0UH

Ordered, That Sir John Mordant do carry the Bill to Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, which they the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto had directed him to report to the House; which he

read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are, as Morning, Nine a Clock. follow; viz.

That the Petitioner, in order to make good the -Allegations of his Petition, called as Witnesses,

Mr. John Parker; who said, that he had viewed the Place proposed for a Light-house, and had been upon.

Whitsan Bay Rock; and, according to his Judgment, lie believes, the making of a Light-house, and a Harbour,

. there, very practicable; and for Want of such a Harbour,

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act and Light-house, there have been very considerable Losses for settling of the Tythes of certain Lands in Erowk- of Ships, both by Shipwrecks, and by being taken by ton, in the County of JVarwisk, upon Simon Biddulph, French Privateers.

Esquire, and his Heirs, and for settling a Rent-charge, in Mr. Ralph Mitchell, Engineer, said, he was sent, by

lieu thereof, upon the present Rector there, and his Sue- Order of Trinity-house, to view the Eddystone, and had cessors for ever, was read the Third tune. other Instructions, to make a View of Whitsand Bay, and

Resolved, That the Bill do pass. _ the Place proposed by the Petitioner for a Light-house:

Ordered, That Mr. Bromley do carry the Bill to the And said, that the Foundation of the Light-house will be Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed at least Sixty Fathom above High-water Mark, the Rock to the same, without any Amendment. Fifteen Acres, or more, and the Harbour, when made,

Three-and-thirty Acres, at the least; and that it was his,

An ingrossed Bill, for making the River Stotoer navi- Opinion, that the said Places were capable of making the gable from the Town of Maimngtree, in the County of most convenient Harbour, and Light-house, in ;.

Essex, to the Town of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, and believes, the Harbour may be perfected for Thirty was read the Third time. thousand Pounds, there being mighty Quantities of large

And an Amendment was proposed to be made, Pr. 14. loose Stones, which will render the making the Harbour L. .10. after " Amendment," to insert, " and in case less chargeable.

" that any Part thereof be disputed, to impanel a Jury, And further, the Petitioner produced the Hands of the,

" to try the same, in such and in the like Manner, as is' eminent Merchants, and Commanders of Ships, of Lonherein before directed, touching the assessing Satisfac- don, Bristol, Exon, Plymouth, Dartmouth, Topsham,

" tion of Damages to be done by any Act, in order to Bridgwater, Looe, Fouy, Penzance, St. Ives, Trinity " making the said River navigable, as aforesaid." house of Hull, and Ports adjacent, to prove, that it was

And the same was thrice read, and, upon the Question their Opinion, that a Harbour in Whitsand Bay would be put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made an Advantage to England, and greatly encourage Trade,

Part of the Bill. and Navigation.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, And that the Committee, upon Consideration of the An Act for making the River Stotoer navigable from the whole Matter, came to the Resolutions following, viz.

Town of Mainingtree, in the County of Essex, to the Resolved, That it is the Opinion of the Committee,

Town of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk. That a Harbour, to be made in Whitsand Bay, near the.

Ordered, That the Earl of Dysert do carry the Bill to Land's End in Cornwall, will be of great Benefit, for the the Loads, and desire their Concurrence thereunto. Preservation of Shipping, a proper Station for Cruisers,

during the War, and a publick Advantage to the King-.

A Petition of the sworn Brokers of the City of London,dom.

on behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners TUat a Light-house at Por-de-nac Point, near the Land's understand, there is a Bill depending in the House, for End, will be of great use, to direct Sailors to distinguish Voi. 14. 6P the

Mercurii, 7 die Februarii; 3 Annas Regime.

Praters.

v

Lapsed Payments for Fastened Estates.

Lost Deben tures. '

"Lost Lottery Tickets.

-51-8 rf. Feiriiaru:

the North and South Chanels, and to prevent Ships from being cast away upon those Coasts.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second thne, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, egreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, laying before her Majesty the said Report, and Resolutions; and humbly to desire her Majesty, that she will please to direct a Survey to be made of Bay, and Por-de-nac Point, near the Land's End, and an

Estimate of the Charge of making an Harbour and Lighthouse there.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty, by such Members of this House, as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

A Petition of Sir John Mead, Knight and Baronet, was

Presented to the House; and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner purchased of the Trustees, for Sale of Irish forfeitures, Knocknecapull, Short-castle, and other Lands,

in the County of Cork, for 2,0001, to be paid at Three Payments, the last whereof was to be in Debentures on the 25th of December, 1704; but . the Petitioner being then very ili, and his Correspondents at London failing tq send the Debentures in due time, they were not tendered till the 4th of January following, when the Deputy Receiver-general of Ireland refused to receive them, because they were not paid at the‘precise Day aforesaid: And, praying, that his said Third Payment may be accepted, and that he may enjoy his Purchase, as if he had made it at the Day aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the Fact, with their Opinion therein, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. AnSir Gilbert Dolben, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Asgyll, Mr.

Sir Llobert Eden, Mr. Clayton, Mr. , Mr. Poidt-

tieyi Mr. Guy, Mr. Conyers, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Teke, Mr; Parker, Mr. Bertie, Sir Math. Dudley, Sir Fra. Lee, Sir Fra.Massam, Sir Tho. Meers: And they

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Governor and Company for making hollow Sword-blades in England, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners having made considerable Purchases of the forfeited Estates, and being obliged to send their Debentures, to pay for the same, into Irelatid, they did on the 1st of July, 1703, deliver several Debentures into the General Post-office in London, to be sent to Dublin, and the same were, put on board the Queen Ann Packet Boat; which being chased by a French Privateer, the Mall was on the 1 ith of the said Month thrown over-board, and sunk, to prevent the same coming into the Enemy's Hands, and the Packet Boat was afterwards taken; so that the Petitioners Debentures were lost, as appears by several Affidavits, and Certificates, annexed to the Petition; And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said petition be referred to the said Committee; and that they do exa-mihe the Matter thereof, and report the Fact, with their ©pinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Dorothy treland, of the Parish of St. Margaret's, Westminster, Widow, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner, in her own Rights was possessed of Eight Malt Lottery Tickets, which were on the 4th of January, 1697, either burnt, or lost, at the Fire, then happeriing at; so that

she, nor any other Person for her, hath received any Satisfaction for the same: And praying, that she may be jejieved therein. ,t

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition bet

referred to the said Committee, and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the Fact, with Uteri' Opinion therein, to the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers, and Mr, fficcocks:

M -- Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to irapower the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, to compound with- Thomas Esquire, as he was One of the Sureties of Morgan Whitley, Esquire; late Receiver-general for tlte Counties of Chester and North Wales, without any Amendment:

And also to the Amendment, made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to vest the Estate of Charles Lord Howard, Baron of Escrkk,in Trustees, to sell the same, for Payment of his Debts:

And also to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Augmentation of the Vicarage of Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoltte, without any Amendment

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An Harassed Bill, to impower the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury,' for the Time being, to compound with Michael Weeks, Esquire, late Receiver-general of the Plantation Duties in the Port of London, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, Thai no Receiver-general, or any of their Sureties, shall have any Benefit or Advantage by any Aots. of this Session, that shall neglect to make his Composition, and Payment, pursuant to the Times limited by the said Acts; but that their respective. Estates shall be liable to the Crown, in case of such Neglect, as if the said Acts had net passed.

And the same was twice read, and amended: And then the same was read the Third time, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act to impoweF the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, to compound with Michael Wicks, Esquire, late Receiver-general of the Plantation Hu ties in the Port of London.

Ordered, That the Lord IVUtiamPoadet do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr- St. John (accouding to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House; to whom the Bill, for the better recruiting her Majesty's Land Forces, and the Marines, was committed, the Amendments, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second trine one by one and, upon the Question severally put thereupon (with an Amendment to One of them) agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for such as voluntarily list themselves, to declare their Consent before a Justice of Peace, ora Head Constable.

And the Question being {ait, That the Clause bo brought up;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

teUerafortheY}

Tellen. for the Noes‘jc!!w

So k was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Clause was brought up, and read twice, an<t amended by the House.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be made Part of the Bill;

The House divided,

The Yep afr forth .-

TelV

Whitley

Debt to the

Cruwu.

Lord

F.fcrir k s Estate.

Gains-

borough

Vicarage

Weeks' Debt to the Crown.

Recruiting Land Forces.

Ann.

f — 8® Fe

92.

95.

Call of the House.

Supply Bill; Subsidy on Wines

Supply Bill; Low Wines.

Treaty witft

King of Prussia

Tellers fortlie Yeas, £ }

Tellm for the Noes, {; }

So it passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill) against the discharging Soldiers listed.

And the same was twice read, and amended, and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the (Sail of the House be adjourned till this Day Fortnight.

Ordered, That the Bill, for granting to her Majesty a further Subsidy on Wines and Merchandizes imported, and a new Duty on such East India Goods, prohibited to be worn in England, as shall be exported for Ireland,

or her Majesty's Plantations, be read a Second time upon Friday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill, for contiouing Duties upon low Wines, and upon Coffee, Tea, Chocolate, Spices, and Pictures, and upon Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chap men, and upon Muslins, and for granting new Duties upon several of the said Commodities, and also upon Callicoes, China-ware, and Drugs.

Ordered That the Treaty with the King of Prussia, laid before this House, to be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Committee . Ordered That all Committees be revived.

Regulating

Brokers.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Flemming, Mr. Drake, Mr. Bertie, Sir Fra. Mr. Chase,

Mr. Renda, Mr. Craggs, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Sam. Garrard, Mr. Stockdale, Mr. Holmes, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Colchester, Mr. Blofeild, Sir Win. Robinson, Sir Walt. Yong, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill, for enlarging the Number, and regulating, of Brokers, is committed,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 8° die

3° Anna Regina.

rechell , lu. Nau

fjtOHN Gamed, Steph. rib. Step. Ro-

ts milly, John Gourdon, James Marke, David Jacob Meure, Mary Eliz. Bathxait, Erick Wendelbourg, Sam. Barbat, John Cadour, Peter Moules, Lewis Guidon, Mag. Van Hesdonck, John Gouget, Hen. Duffau, John Turet't, Gerard Wm.Scroder, Steph.Sodes, Abel Bowyer, Abr. Alleffson, Peter Htook the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Jacob Pechells, Elias Landes, Francis Lacroix, and others, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Marquis Hartington, Sir Nich. Pelham, Mr. Moncton, Mr. Pitt, Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. Fagg, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Thorn-hagh. Sir Math. Dudley, Lord Wm. Powlett, Mr. Ogle, Lord Coningsby, Sir Hen. Lyddall, Sir Cullum, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Asgyll, Colonel Colchester, Mr. Palmes,

Sir Wm. Hustler, Sir WYong, Serjeant Whitaker, Mr. Lamplugh: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

DfJ'ftj'sEtfctt. An ingrossed Bill, for vesting some Part of the real Estate of Baptist May, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees. Vot.H. *

519

to be sold, for reimbursing Charles May, Esquire, his Nephew, such Moneys, as he has expended, for discharging the Debts, Legacies, and Funeral Expences, of the said Baptist May, was read the Third time.

Resotoed, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Baptist May,

Esquire, deceased, for reimbursing Charles May, Esquire, his Nephew, such Moneys, as he has expended, for discharging the Debts, Legacies, and Funeral Expences, of the said Baptist May.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Whitaker do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earl of Kil-for confirming an Agreement, made by certain Articles, darc s l- 1 1 ' by and between John Earl of Kildare, Richard Lord Bellew, (both of the Kingdom of Ireland,) and Frances his Lady, Charlotte Countess of Newburgh, of the Kingdom of Scotland, and William Rowley, Esquire, and for selling Port of the Estate of the said Earl of Kildare, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read /

a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cocks,

Mr. Serjeant Whitaker, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Masters,

Mr. Monciony Mr. Vemey, Sir Dudley Cullum, Sir Walt.

Yong, Lord Powlet, Mr. Jessop, Mr. Asgyll, Mr. Clayton, Mr, Annesley, Mr. Pou/ton, Sir Dudley, Mr.

Morgan, Lord CHeine, Mr. Woodaston, Mr. Bulteele, Sir Fra. Massam, Mr Jerom, Mr. Far, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Fagg,

Sir Wm. Whitlock, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Wyld, Mr. Pitt:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, to enable certain Trustees to make pince'

Sale of several Lands, and Chattel Estates, in the County Estate, of Devon, and City and County of Exon, of Joseph Pince, for the Payment of his Debts and Legacies, charged on his Estate, and for a Provision for himself and Wife, and Children, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act for Sale of several Lands, and Chattel Estates, in the County of Devon, and City and County of Exon, of Joseph Pince, for Payment of the Debts and Legacies charged upon his Estate, and for a Provision for himself his Wife and Family.

Ordered, That Mr. Bulteele do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill, for vesting the Manor, and Capital CutWs Messuage, of latchford, with the Appurtenances, and divers Freehold Messuages, Farms, and Lands, in Latch-0 rd and Hasely, in the County of Oxford, late the Estate of William Lent hall, Esquire, deceased, and by him mortgaged to Sir John Cutler, Knight and Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, towards Payment of the said Debt, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act for vesting the Equity of Redemption of the Manor, and Capital Messuage, of Latchford, with the Appurtenances, and divers Freehold Messuages, Fa ms, and Lands, in Latchford and Hasely, in the County of Oxford, late the Estate of William Lenthall, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging of Incumbrances thereupon.

Ordered, That Mr. Hoblyn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

The House (according to Order) proceeded to take into Treaty with

10

Consideration the Treaty with the King of Prussia.

And the same was read.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, returning the Thanks of tins House to her Majesty, for concluding the late Treaty with the King of Prussia, which is so seasonable a Support to the Duke of Savoy, and so great an Advantage to the common Cause; and also to assure her Majesty, . that her faithful Commons will effectually enable her Majesty to make good the said Treaty with the King

of

King of Prussia.

520 8° — o 0 FebruaA. 1704.

oi‘ Prussia, who, upon so many Occasions, bath signalized his -Zeal for the Protestant Religion, and Liberty of Europe.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty, by such Members of this House, as tu e of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Poor Relief. The Order of the Day being read, for tire making the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for the better Relief, Employment, and Settlement, of tlje Poor, was committed;

Resolved, That the said Report be now taken.

Sir Humphrey Mackwor (according to Order) re-' ported from the said Committee, the Amendments, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Plaice, with tire Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, foe the Justices of the Peace to appoint Overseers of the Poor, if the Parish fail therein.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks filled up; and the Clause agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Letter sent to Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Mr. Lowndes whom it was referred to examine into the Matter of a Bribe6 Letter sent to Mr. Lowndes, and the Author of it, be made upon Tuesday Morning next.

Nightly Ordered, That the Bill, for the better regulating the

Watth. Nightly Watch, be read a Second time upon Saturday Seven-night.

Correspond- Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Mom-

ence with ing next,' resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

Enemies. House, upon the Bill, against corresponding with her Majesty's Enemies.

Irish Linen. Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, to permit the Exportation of Irish Linen to the Plantations, and to prohibit the Importation of Scotch Linen into Ireland, was committed, be made upon Saturday Morning next

Importing Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning

Naval Stores. next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for importing Naval Stores, from the Plantations.

Regulating Ordered, That the Lord Sir John

Broken. Sir Fra. Blake, Mr. James, Mr. Clark, Mr.

Mr. Bere, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill, for enlarging the Number, and regulating, of Brokers, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 9 die Februarii;

3 Ann® Regina.

Prayers.

Earl of Bur- A N ingrossed Bill, for Sale of several Estates in lington and il land and England, for the Payment of the Debts' Cork' of the late Earl of Burlington and Cork, was read the Eslate- Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for Sale of several Estates in England and Ireland, for Payment of the Debts of Charles late Earl of Burlington and Cork.

Ordered, That Sir Dudley Ctillum do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Green' to enable John Green, of GavtUacre, in the County of E iuie. Southampton, Clerk, to sell some Estates in in

the County of Wilts, and for the settling other Estates in Guvetlucir, in the County of Southampton, of a better Value, to the same Uses, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That tire Bill be committed to Mr. Smith,

Lord Chcine, Mr. Jervois, Sir Fra. Mr. Moor,

Mr. Roicney, Sir William St. Quhitin, Sir Justin. Isham,

Mr. Freeman, Mr. Ward, Mr. Sir Wm.

Hustler, Mr. Pigott, Sir Dudley Cullurn, Sir Edit. Ernie,

Sir Cha. Bloys, Mr. Pynnell, Mr. Laugharn, Sir John TkoroU, Mr. Gee, Mr. Arundel/.; and ail, that serve for the Counties of Southampton and: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bisirp ,4 for the Confirmation of an Agreement, made between Carlisle' Thomas late Lord Bishop of Carlisle, and Thomas Coke, AS,cera nt- Esquire, for vesting the Rectory of Meibom, in the County of Derby, in the said Tho. Coke, and his Heirs, upon Augmentation of the Rents to die Bishop of Carlisle, and of the Stipend to the Vicar of was

read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Griffis' enabling Trustees to make Leases of Part of the Matior of Dingley, and Lands there, for Payment of the Debts of James Griffin, Esquire, and raising Portions for younger Children, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Ears of Dysert, Sir Robert Havers, Mr. Bridgman, Sir Just.

Isham, Mr. Pynnell, Mr. Goring, Mr. Bertie, Mr. man, Mr. Compton, Sir Jacob Banks, Mr. Lord

Powlet, Sir Chr. Hales, Sir Jos. J Mr. Mr. Topham, Mr. Herne, Mr. Coke; and all, that serve for the Counties of Northumberland, Wanand Leicester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir Gilbert Dolben reported from the Committee, to nornt and whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Bletdiitijjky Act for severing and disuniting the Church or Chapel of Chmeb. Home from the Church of Blelchingley, in the County of Surrey, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents thereunto, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the

House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply Bin; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon J-ow Wine , the Bill, for continuing Duties upon low Wines, and upon Coffee, Tea, Chocolate, Spices, and Pictures, and upon Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, and upon Muslins, and for granting new Duties upon several of the said Commodities; and also upon Callicoes, China-ware, and Drugs;

A Petition of the Mayor, capital Burgesses, Shop — Hawker aid keepers, and other the grieved Inhabitants, of the an- Pedlar; cient Borough of Shafton alias Shaj'tsbury, in the County of Dorset, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Grievances and Hardships the Petitioners, and all other Traders of this Realm, labour under, by reason of the Licence granted to Hawkers and Pedlars (most of which are Foreigners never bred up to Trades) are so visible a Decay to Trade, that it renders the Petitioners unable to support their Families, as otherwise they might do; and, if they be continued; it will tend to the Ruin of Trade in general, and disable all Shopkeepers from paying their Rents, Taxes, and Parish

Duties

3 Ann.

b

io° Februarii.

521

Duties: And praying, that act Hawkers and Pedlars may be suppressed.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Hawker and A Petition of the grieved Shopkeepers, inhabiting Pedlars. within the Borough of East in the County of Sussex, against continuing the licensing of Hawkers and Pedlars, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners have seen a printed Proposal, for improving her Majesty's Revenue, by suppressing Hawkers and Pedlars: That the Petitioners heartily comply with the Conditions therein stipulated, on their Parts; and pray that some effectual Remedy may be had, to suppress their intestine Enemies, Hawkers and Pedlars.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ditto. A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Governor, As-

sistants, Common-council, and Freemen, Inhabitants within the Borough of Dorchester, in the County of Dorset, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that many licensed Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, privately resort to the said Corporation, and by their Wiles sell great Quantities of divers Sorts of Goods and Merchandize, to the great and apparent Injury to the Petitioners in their several Trades: And ' praying, that their Grievances therein may be redressed. Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Supply Bill; Then the House (according to Order) resolved itself L«w Wise , into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Monday Morning next

Answer to Mr. Secretary Hedges acquainted the House, that their

Address. Address, returning her Majesty the Thanks of this

House, for concluding the late Treaty with the King of Prussia, having been presented to her Majesty; her Majesty was graciously pleased to make the following Answer, viz.

HER Majesty returns you many Thanks for the Assurances you have given her in your Address; and is very well pleased, to find you have so just a Sense of the King of Prussia's great Zeal for the Protestant Religion, and the Liberty of Europe.

10f Ordered, That the adjourned Debate, touching the in-Ann ".0 glossing of the Bill, for Payment of several Annuities to the Persons therein mentioned, be further adjourned till Monday Morning next

Prohibiting Commerce vith France.

Ordered, That the Bill, for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France, be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

' Sabbati, 10 die Pebruarii;

3 Annas Regina.

Praters;

A PETITION of Conyers Hatton of Har borough, Cnffiu'g in the County Of Leicester; Esquire, was presented Eautt. to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner is entitled to a Mortgage of several Lands in the Manor of

00

Dingley, in the County of Northampton, which were mortgaged to the Petitioner's Father, by the Lord Griffin,

Father of James Griffin, Esquire; and there is now due thereupon above 2,500l. That there is a Bill depending in the House, which has passed the House of Lords, for enabling Trustees to make Leases of Part of the said Manor and Lands there, for Payment of the Debps of the said James Griffin, and raising Portions for his younger Children; which, if it should pass into a Law, as it is framed, will greatly weaken, if not wholly destroy, the Petitioner's Security: And praying, that he may be heard by Counsel, before the said Bill do pass this House.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be refessed to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard thereunon before the said Committee, by his Counsel, if he shall think fit.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Grainger for vesting the Estate of Joseph Gr and Elizabeth EstaU-his Wife, ini Trustees, to be sold, and to dispose of Part of the Money, arising by such Sale, for the Maintenance of the said Elizabeth, pursuant to their Marriage Settlement, and to apply the Residue to the Payment of the Debts of the said Joseph Grainge, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House proceeded to talce into Consideration the Lockhart' Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, Estate;

An Act to enable James Lockhart, Esquire, and his Wife, to sell certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Essex, late of Sir Thomas Baro-

net, deceased, for Payment of their Debts, and to purchase other Lands and Tenements with the Overplus of the Money, to be settled to the like Uses.

And the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are, as follow; viz.

Press 8th, L. 2d, and 3d. Instead of " Robert ningham, of London, Gentleman," read, " John ton, of Westminster, Doctor of Physick."

L. 5 For " Robert Cunningham" read "

" Hutton." i 9. The same Amendment 23. The same;

30. The same.

Pr. 9. L. 10, 11. The same.

23; The same.

32. The same;

In the Title, L. 6th, leave out " of."

Ordered, That Sir Francis Massam do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed unto the said Amendments.

Supply Bill; Ordered, That the Bill, for granting to her Majesty a Subsidy on further Subsidy on Wines and Merchandizes imported, and a new Duty on such East India Goods, prohibited to be worn in England, as shall be exported for Ireland, or her Majesty's Plantations, be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Vol. 14.

The House also took into Consideration the Amend- Duke of ment, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act Devonshire' for vesting in Trustees certain Manors and Lands of -sUte William Duke of Devonshire, and William (commonly called) Marquis of Hartington, to enable them to mortgage the same, for Payment of Debts, and subject thereunto, to settle the same to the like Uses, as the same are now settled.

And the same was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and is, as followeth; viz.

In the Title, after " William' 'add " Cavendish."

6 Q Ordered,

T raffor<Ts Estate.

Whitfeild'

Estate,

Bean'

Estate.

Worsopp'g Estate.

Lister's

Estate.

Recovering Tythes, &c<

22 10® Februarii. ' 1704,

Ordered, That Sir Joseph do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendment

Ab ingrossed Bill for making void the Marriage Settlement of William Trafford, Gentleman, and Clare his Wife, and settling of the Moiety of the Manor, Messuages, Tythes, and Lands, therein mentioned, and intended to be purchased, on their eldest Son, and his Heirs, and for making Provision for their younger Children, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title Be, An Act for the better Explanation of the Settlement of the Estate of William Trafford, Gentleman, and Clare his Wife, and William, their eldest Son, and for making more effectual a Provision for younger Children, according to Agreements between them.

Ordered, That Mr. Parker do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford} and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of certain Lands and Tenements in Heston, in the County of Middlesex, late the Estate of Mathew Lister, and his Wife, and Timothy and his Wife, for the Purposes therein mentioned, without any Amendment:

Also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming a Lease heretofore made, of certain Messuages and Lands in Epsarn, by Sir Joseph Sheldon, and Sir James Edwards, to Humphry Bean, and agreed to be assigned to Sir Thomas Cook, Knight, and for enabling a Lease of other Lands, adjoining to the same, to be made to him; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

Also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees the Estate, late of Sir Tho. Wor-sopp, Knight, and John Worsopp, Esquire, his Son, deceased, in Finsbury Fields, or in the Parish

of Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, to be sold, for the Payment of Debts and Legacies, and the Overplus of the Money, remaining, to be laid out for the purchasing of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of Inheritance, in the Kingdom of Ireland, to be settled, as in the Act is particularly mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

Also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to sell such Part of the Estate of Richard Lister, Esquire, and Frances Pate Lister, his Wife, sole Daughter, and Heir, of Sir Thomas Smith, Baronet, deceased, in the County of Chester, and City of Chester, as remains unsold; in order to raise Money, for the Payment of the Debts of the said Sir Thomas Smith, and for Portions for younger Children of the said Frances Pale Lister, and for applying the Overplus in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses, as they are now settled, and likewise for confirming such Leases, and Sales, as have been made towards Discharge of the said Debts; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill, for continuing an Act, relating to Wears, Locks, and Carriages, on the River Thames, an Act for more easy Recovery of small Tythes, an Act about Partitions of Land in Co-parcenary, and some Acts about returning Juries, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Math. Dudley, Sir John Mordant, Sir Mr. Thorn-

hagh, Mr. Clayton, Sir John Kay, Mr. Foley, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Smith, Mr. Harley, Mr. Bere, Mr. Moncton, Colonel Stringer, Mr. Harpur, Mr. Curson, Mr. Mr. Chase,

Mr. Varney, Mr. Wyld, Colonel Lee, Mr. Blofeld, Sir

Fra. Blake, Sir Wm. Hustler, Sir Robert Eden, Mr.

Pigott, Mr . Pudsey, Sir "John Wyn, Mr. Bulkley, Mr.

Fleming, Mr ..Lawson, Mr. Musgrave, Mr. Manky, Sir Bryan Stapleton: and they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for the nominating and appointing Commissioners for the University and City of Oxon, in relation to the Wears, Locks, and Carriages, on the River Thames, according to the Statute of the Twenty-first of King James the First.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do make Provision, for the better enforcing the making a Book of the Freeholders Names in the several Counties, according to the Laws in being.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do provide, that the Law, for the more easy Recovery of small Tythes, may extend to Cities and Counties of (Cities and Towns, as well as to the Counties at large.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford, and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Edmond Waller, Esquire, to charge his Estate (not settled upon his Wife in Jointure) with a Sum of Money for Payment of his Debts, with an Amendment; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to naturalize Margarita Cecilia Cadogan, the Wife of Brigadier-general Cadogan, and Gilbert Affleck, with some Amendments; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House:

Also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to naturalize Andrew Girardet, alias Devcrmenoux, Francis

Buzelin, and others; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir Gilbert Dolben (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, to permit the Exportation of Ir Linen to the Plantations, and to prohibit the Importation of Scotch Linen into Ireland, was committed, the Amendments which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon (with some Amendments to One of them) agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That if any Vessel, laden in England, shall take in any Irish Linen Cloth at any Irish Port, there shall be such Oath, and Certificate, as the Act directs, that the same is of the Manufacture of Ireland:

And the same was twice read, and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the Flouse, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for due Entries to be made of the Woollen Manufactures:

And the same was once read, and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, that the Parliament of Ireland shall not prohibit the Importation of Yam into England:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for making the Act temporary:

And the same was twice read, with a Blank; and the Blank filled up; and the Clause, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

10 Ordered,

Waller'

Estate.

Cadogan'

Nat.

Girardet's, &c. Nat.

Irish Linen}

3 Ann. i o° — 12° Februarii. 523

Correspondence with Enemies.

Importing Naval Stores.

Committees.

Regulating

Siokers.

Bean's

Estate.

Kenyon's Debt to the Crown.

Button- ' makingf

Ordered That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, against corresponding with her Majesty's Enemies.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the Bill, for importing Naval Stores from the Plantations, after the Committee upon the Bill, against corresponding with her Majesty's Enemies.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Ordered, That Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Cesar, Mr. Halsey, Mr. Harpur, Sir Gerv. Elwes, Mr. Mr. Burridge,

Mr. Asgill, Mr. Mason, Mr. be added to the

Committee, to whom the Bill, for enlarging the Number, and regulating, of Brokers, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

>ii. , ! - — ..... — , . — ..... ——

Lunce, 12 die Februarii;

3 Annas Regina.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming a Lease, heretofore made, of certain Messuages and Lands in Epsam, by Sir Joseph Sheldon, and Sir James Edwards, to Humphry Bean, and agreed to be assigned by Sir Thomas Cook, Knight, and for enabling a Lease of other Lands, adjoining to the same, to be made to him, was read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Roger Bradshaw reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill, to inipower the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with Thomas Kenyon, Gentleman, Executor of Luke Lloyd, Esquire, One of the Sureties for Morgan Whitley, Esquire, late Receiver-general for the Counties of Chester and North Wales, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and had made some Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bui, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other , principal Inhabitants, of the ancient Market Town of Worksopp,in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, if the Bill, depending in the House, for making more effectual an Act, made in the loth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, so as to restrain the making of Buttons of Horns, Horse-hoofs, Berries, and such like Materials, should pass, it will be the Ruin of some Thousands of Horn Button-makers, and a great Prejudice to Farmers, and labouring Men, who find great Advantage in the wearing such Buttons; and the Exportation thereof is also an Advantage to the Nation in general, the Returns whereof are Money, or other useful Commodities: and praying, that they may be heard by Counsel against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard before the Committee thereupon, by their Counsel, if they think fit.

Vol. 14.

A Petition of the Mavorj Aldermen, Burgesses, and Button-other Inhabitants, of the Borough of in the County of Derby, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Bill in the House, for making more effectual the Act, made in the Tenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, so as to restrain the making of Buttons of Horns, Horse-hoofs, Berries, and such like Materials, if it should pass, will ruin Thousands of Families, who have no other Way of subsisting, but by making Horn Buttons, and also be a great Prejudice to all Landlords,

Graziers, Tanners, and labouring Men, and will be no Advantage to our Woollen Manufactures, or the Turkey Trade: And praying, that they may be heard by Counsel against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard before the Committee thereupon, by their Counsel, if they think fit.

A Petition of John Butcher, was presented to the House, Green's and read; setting forth, that there is a Bill in the House, Estate to enable John Green, of Gavallacre, in the County of Southampton, Clerk, to sell some Estates in Hackleston, in the County of Wilts, and for the settling other Estates in Gavallacre, in the County of Southampton, of a better Value, to the same Uses; which Bill, if it should pass, as it is now framed, will very much prejudice the Petitioner's Interest: And praying, that he may be heard by Counsel, what he hath to offer against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, to permit the Ex- Irish Linen, pollution of Irish Linen to the Plantations, and to prohibit the Importation of Scotch Linen into Ireland, be read the Third time Tomorrow at One a Clock.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Worsopp' for vesting in Trustees the Estate, late of Sir Thomas Estate. Worsopp, Knight, and John Worsopp, Esquire, his Son, deceased, in Fbisbury Fields, or Moor-fields, in the Parish of Shorditch, in the County of Middlesex, to be sold, for the Payment of Debts and Legacies, and the Overplus of the Money remaining, to be laid out for the purchasing of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of Inheritance, in the Kingdom of Ireland, to be settled, as in the Act is particularly mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Litter's to enable Trustees to sell such Part of the Estate of Estate. Richard Lister, Esquire, and Frances Pate Lister, his Wife, sole Daughter, and Heir, of Sir Thomas Smith,

Baronet, deceased, in the County of Chester, and City of Chester, as remains unsold, in order to raise Money for the Payment of the Debts of the said Sir Thomas Smith, and for Portions for younger Children of the said Frances Pate Lister, and for applying the Overplus in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses, as they are now settled, and likewise for confirming such Leases, and Sales, as have been made towards Discharge of the said Debts, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Asgill reported from the Committee, to whom IjOSt the Petitions of Sir John Mead, Knight and Baronet; Debentures of the Governor and Company for making hollow Sword-blades in England; and of Dorothy Ireland; were referred; the Matters, as it appeared, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read; and are, as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of Sir John Mead:

That

524 i a0 Februarii.A. 17 04.

That the Committee have examined the said Petition, " Persons in any Offices, relating to the farming, order-

and do find, that the Allegations therein are true; and are " ing, receiving, or managing, the Prizes under the said

humbly of Opinion, that the House be moved, for Leave " Commissioners."

to admit a Clause, to be offered to some Bill, for Relief 1st Press, 7th L. Leave out from " that" to " from,"

of the Petitioner, and others in the like Cases. in the 2d Line of the -Second Press.

Upon the Petition of the Governor and Company for 2 Pr. 3d L. Leave out from " Parliament" to " being," making hollow Sword-blades in England: in the 5th Line, and, instead thereof, read, " no Per-

That the Committee have examined the said Petition, " son." and have Reason to believe, that the Contents thereof are 7 I- Instead of " holding or enjoying," read " who

true; and are humbly of Opinion, that the House be " shall hold or enjoy."

moved, for Leave to admit a Clause to some Bill, for the 9th L. Instead of " of executing," read " who shall

Relief of the Petitioners; by which Proof is to be given " execute."

of the Loss of the Debentures in the Petition mentioned, 12 L. After " Prizes" insert, " shall be capable of

and Security given, for indemnifying the Publick against " being elected to serve in Parliament for any County, the same. " City, Borough, Cinque Port, or Plage; and if any

Upon the Petition of Dorothy Ireland: " Sheriff or other Officer, shall knowingly return any

That thq Committee have examined the said Petition, " such Person, as elected to serve in Parliament, such and do find, that the Allegations therein are true; and " Return, so made, shall be, and is hereby, adjudged to are humbly of Opinion, that the House be moved, for the " be a false Return, and the Party grieved shall have like like Clause for her Relief. " Remedy against him, as in case of a false Return."

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Com- At the End of the Bill, add, " and if such Person shall mittee, That Leave be given to offer a Clause to the Bill " take upon him to sit, act, or vote, as a Member of the for Payment of several Annuities to the Persons therein " House of Commons, contrary to the Intent of this Act, mentioned, for the Relief of Sir John Mead, according to " and shall be thereof lawfully convicted in any of her the Prayer of his Petition. Majesty's Courts of Record at in any

Ordered, That the Matter, upon the Petition of the " Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign,

Governor and Company for making hollow' Sword-blades " Protection, Wager of Law, Privilege of Parliament, or in England,'be re-committed to the same Committee; " more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed, at the Suit and that the Committee be revived, and do meet this " of any Person, who shall prosecute for the same within Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; " Two Years after the Offence committed, such Offender

and that Mr. Gwyn, Mr Cesar, Mr Freeman, Mr. " shall forfeit all Offices, of which he is seised or possessed, Laugharne, and Sir John Thorotd, be added to the said " and shall be thereby incapable, and for ever disabled. Committee. "by himself, or any in Trust for him, to have, hold, or

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Com- " enjoy, any Office, Employment, or Place of Trust, mittee, That Leave be given to offer a Clause to the said " or any Profit, Power, or Advantage, appertaining Bill, for the Relief of the said Dorothy Ireland, according " thereunto."

to the Prayer of her Petition. Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn-

ing next, take the said Amendments into Consideration.

Lost Lottery A Petition of Eliz. Hodges, Mother and Administra-

Tickets. trix of Elizabeth Mathews, late Wife of George Mathews, A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers, and Mr. of St.Alban's Street, in Middlesex, Apothecary, deceased, Hiccoeks

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that . Mr. Speaker,

the House of the said George Mathews, with himself, and The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Tyrrill'j several of his Children and Servants, were burnt in June make some Alterations and Amendments in an Act of last, and his Wife, by jumping out of the Window', w'as Parliament, obtained the last Sessions by Sir Peter Tyr-so bruised, that she died in a few Hours after; and several rill, and Thomas Tyrrill, his Son, in order to enable them Malt Lottery Tickets, Exchequer Bills, and Debentures, to sell several Lands in Hanslopp and Castlethrop, in the were then also burnt; so that the Petitioner cannot have County of Bucks, which were settled, upon the Marriage the Benefit of them, without the Help of this House: of the said Thomas Tyrrill, and Dorothy his Wife, and And praying Relief therein. to settle other Lands in lieu thereof; to which the Lords

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition desire the Concurrence of this House, be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir John Mead, Knight and Baronet,- was referred; and

that they do examine the Matter of the said Petition, and Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee of the whole Supply Bill; report the Fact, with their Opinion therein, to the House; House, to whom the Bill, for continuing Duties upon Low Winn, and that the Committee have Power to send for Persons, low Wines, and upon Coffee, Tea, Chocolate, Spices,

Papers, and Records, and Pictures, and upon Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty

Chapmen, and upon Muslins, and for granting new Du-Poor Relief. Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, for the better Relief, ties upon several of the said Commodities, and also Employment, and Settlement, of the Poor, be read the upon Callicoes, China-ware, and Drugs, was committed,

Third time, upon 'Thursday Morning next, at Eleven a the Amendments which they had made to the Bill, and Clock. which they had directed him to report to the House;

and that the Committee had taken into Consideration the A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers, and Mr. Report, to them referred, from the Committee, to whom Hiccocks: the Petition of the Proprietors of the Benefit Malt Lot-

Mi1. Speaker, tery Tickets was referred; but, having no Instruction

Persons in The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act from the House, could not receive a Clause, for securing Public Of- for excluding out of the House of Commons all Persons Interest on the said Tickets, as desired, but are of Opi-fices not tube in any Offices, or Employments, erected since the Sixth nion, the same ought to be secured to the Proprietors of

em ers. l)ay of February, 1684, or to be erected, with some the said Tickets: Which Reports he read in his Place,

Amendments; to which the Lords desire the Concur- and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where rence of this House. the said Amendments were once read throughout, and

And then the Messengers withdrew. then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question

And the said Amendments, being read, are as follow; severally put thereupon (with some Amendments to some viz. of them) agreed unto by the House, except Clause C,

In the Title, leave out from " Commons" to the End That the Gaugers shall keep an Account of the several

thereof, and read, "the Commissioners of Prizes, and all Sorts of Wash in the Distillers Hands, for the better

ascertaining

Payment of Annuities.

Prohibiting Commerce with France,

Supply Bill; Subsidy on Wine *

Griffin

Estate

Tyr rill's Estate.

Ttishop

Carlisle's

Agreement.

3 Ann. I i°- — 13 525

ascertaining the Produce of ldw Wines, or Spirits, therefrom.

And the same being read a Second time;

And the -Question being put, That the House do agree wiih the Committee in the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tete sfor the Ye & % £? } 46.

Tellersfort!,eNocS{|i[r6 "r',er' } 50.

Sq it passed in the Negative.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That it shall not extend to charge any Goods imported in England, or Wales,before the

And the same was once read, and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in grossed.

Ordered, That the adjourned Debate, touching the ingrossing the Bill, for Payment of several Annuities to the i ersons therein mentioned, be further adjourned till Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Bill, for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France, be read a Second time, upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Bill, for granting to her Majesty a further Subsidy on Wines and Merchandizes imported, and a new Duty on such'East India Goods, prohibited to be worn in England, as shall be exported for Ireland, or her Majesty's Plantations, be read a Second time upon Wednesday Morning next

Ordered, That Lord Cheine, Sir Roger Mostyn, Mr.

Harcourt, Mr. Shacker/ey, Mr. Harpur, Mr. Manley,

Mr. Curzon, Mr. Hotjord, Mr. Cesar, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, for enabling Trustees to make Leases of Part of the Manor of 1 Vwgley, for Payment of the Debts of James Griffin, Esquire, and raising Portions for younger Children, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mart is, 13" di Februarii; 3° Anna?

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to make some Alterations and Amendments in an Act of Parliament, obtained the last Sessions by Sir Peter Tyrrilland Thomas Tyhis Son, in order to

enable them to sell several Lands in and

throp, in the County of Bucks, which were settled upon the Marriage of the said Thomas and Dorothy

his Wife, and to settle other Lands in lieu thereof, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Confirmation of an Agreement, made between Thomas late Lord Bishop of Carlisle, and 7 Coke, Esquire, for vesting the Rectory of in the County of Derby, in the said Thomas Coke, and his Heirs, upon Augmentation of the Rents to the Bishoprick of Carlisle, and of the Stipend to the Vicar of Meibom, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Joseph Idyll, Mrl Greenville, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Knatcli-bull, Mr. Masters, Lord Powlet Mr. Mr.

Bridgman, Mr. Parker, Mr. Dormer, Mr. , Sir

Fra. Molyneux, Mr. Jessop, Mr. Varney, Mr. Harcourt,

Mr. Harpur, Sir Fra. Blake, Mr. Sir

Vo l. 14.

Copley, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Coroper, Mr. Poultney, Mr.

Moncton, Mr. St. John, Mr. Manley, Sir Robert and all that serve for the Counties of Derby, Leicester, Cumberland, and Westmorland: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House being acquainted, that several of the late Proceeding Commissioners of Accounts of the Army, &c. attended (according to Order) they were called in, and, at the Accounts, Bar, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Langton, and Mr. Lister, pre- &c. sented to the House,

An Account of the Proceedings of the late Commissioners, appointed, and continued by several Acts, to take, examine, and determine, the Debts, due to the Army, and for Transport Service, See. and also,

An Abstract of the Certificates and Debentures, made forth to the late Paymaster of her Majesty's Forces, by the Commissioners, appointed to take, examine, and determine, the Debts, due to the Army, &c. since the last Account thereof laid before this House, with a Distinction of the Deduction of Poundage, during the whole/

Time of the respective Accounts; and also,

An Account of the Regiments, whereof the Arrears, due to the Non-commissioned Officers, and Soldiers, are certified, with the Names of the Persons, to whom the same were made payable; as also,

An Account of the Regiments, See. whereof the Ar-: rears, due to the Non-commissioned Officers, and Soldiers, are not certified.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accountsdo lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers' of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Hinxman' enable Joseph Hinx.mn, of North Hinton, in the County of Estate.

Southampton, Esquire, to sell some Estates in Andover, in the said County, and for the settling other Estates in Chnstchurch-twyucham, in the said County, of a better Value, to the same Uses, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord William Pozclctt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hiccocks, and Mr<

Rogers:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Act for Scudamore' the Sale of the Estate of Ambrose Scudamore, Esquire, -,tate> deceased, for Payment of the Mortgage-money and Debts thereupon, and placing out the Overplus-money to the'

Uses therein mentioned, without any Amendment:

Also, the Lords have agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Hooper's Act for raising Money, by Mortgage of a Plantation in tstate-the Barbadoes, to pay the Debts of Robert Hooper, without any Amendment:

Also, the Lords have agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Act Baine's for Sale of Part of the Estate of Edu ard Baines, Gentle- Kstate" man, for Discharge of a Mortgage thereupon, and making Provision for his Daughters; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Writs of to prevent Delays in Writs of Error, in several Cases, Error, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Marquis Hartington, Sir Joseph Jekyll, Sir Rich. Sir

77/o. Poruys, Mr. King, Mr. Eyres, Mr. Solicitor-general,

Mr. Walpole, Sir Tho. Meers, Mr. Manley, Colonel Stringer, Mr. Coke, Mr. Harpur, Mr. Clayton, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Stanhope, Sir Air.

Gery, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Roumey, Mr. Mr.

Take, Sir Math. Dudley, Mr. LawsoMr. Curzon, Sir IVm. Drake, Mr. Ward; and all tho Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

b R Ordered,

Punishing

Burglary.

Letter sent to Mr. Lowndes offering a Bribe.

Correspondence with Enemies.

Irish Lines

Forces in Pay of the States General

526

150 Februarii.

A. 1704,

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill, for the Alteration of the Punishment of burning in the Cheek, into some other Punishment, that may be more effectual, and for rewarding such, as shall discover Persons guilty of Burglary, and House-breaking, is committed, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for the better Discovery of such, as maliciously burn Houses.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom it was referred, to examine into the Matter of a Letter, sent to Mr. Lowndes, and the Author of i be made upon Saturday Morning next.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, against corresponding with her Majesty's Enemies.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor-general took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor-general reported from the said Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Friday Morning next

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, to permit the Exportation of Irish Linen to the Plantations, and to pro-

hibit the Importation of Scotch Linen into Ireland, be now read the Third time.

The Bill was read, the Third time.

And an Amendment was proposed to be made, Pr. L,# to insert, " which Certificate shall be also signed by " the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland, or any " Three of them." '

And the Question being put, That those Words be inserted;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed, Press 3d, L. 1st, after " not" to insert, " laden in England, nor."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act to permit the Exportation of Irish Linen to the Plantations, and to prohibit the Importation of Scotch Linen into Ireland.

Ordered, That Sir Gilbert Dolben do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Secretary Hedges acquainted the House, that her Majesty had commanded him to lay before the House,

List, and Numbers of the Forces, in the Pay of the States General; and also,

A List of the King of Portugals Troops.

And he presented the same to the House accordingly.

And the Titles thereof were read.

And the said Lists, and Numbers, are, as follow:

List, and Numbers, of the Force in the Pay of the States General.

Battalions.

Cohorn -Steinhays -Lindeboorn Hinania -Gruise Edsingha -Linstau -Torey Lillemarais Key suit ts Vanderbech Holsteinbeck Platenberg Belcastel -Spar

Seinham -St. Amand Scrachtenberg Nassau) Wall Hamilton -Dona Jancart -Rhiner -Eisnach -Palm Zutelandt Prince Albert Beinheim -Wilks Gore

Charner -Chambrier Albermarle Sterler Herscl Lachman -Saconay -Capot

Danes Guards -Pot earner -Dahcick -

Bielk

Bonart -

Prussians. Slabrendorff Anelserps -Er Prince of Hesse

1

1

1

1

1

l

1

1

1

1

1

1

1

1

1

1

1

1

1

1

1

1

1

1

1

l

1

1

1

1

2

1

2 2 1 1 1 1

66

- 1

- 1

- 1

Battalions.

Battalions.

Guards -

Slanenburg

Dedem -

Hewkelom

Oxensterin

Holstein Ploen

Chambrier

Amelsuart

Bertingvelt

Murray -

Collyear -

- 3

Battalions.

Loine

Hanovers.

St. Paul - - - 1

Wye - - - l

Ansterodt - - 1

Rantsau - - 1

In all One hundred and 4,000 Wirtemberghers, paid of Seven Battalions, sent to 26 Independent Companies,

Bern st off - - 1

Carle - - - 1

Palatines.

Nassaw Weilbourg - 1

Rebentir - - - 1

Barbau - - - I

Brentcm - - - 1

Hessians Prince Leopold - - 3

Anhalf Ben - - 1

Sacken - - - 1

Anspach. Secondorff - - 1

Heidebrach - - 1

Oost Friesland. Eglegen - ‘ - - 1

Mecklenburg - - 1

Swerin - - - 1

Buckwell - - - 1

Munster.

Naagle Swartz Ezbcrfelt -Lansperg -Comoro -

Holstein Gottorp. Aderka -

Saxe Gotha. Bertolts - 2

Osnabrug.

Spieghel - - - 1

Dutch in Portugal. Weldron -Fagell -Holstein Horbarg Freisham -Falais -JVaes -

Visonsen -

Twelve Battalions, besides by the Dutch, in the Room Portugal, and exclusive of making 2,600 Men.

- - 1 - - 1 Dalrumple Trogne Lauder -Keppell - Horse and Squadrons. Dragoons. Squadrons.

m 1 - 1 . Eck - 2 Vittemhoff - 1

- 1 Cans Kiel - 1 Tilly - - - 2

- 1 Palant . ] Oost Friese - 2 Chanctau - - 2

- - 1 Wodenburg 1 Rockford - - 2 Sax Heilberg - 2

- 1 Salisch 1 Dop - 4 Erbach - - 2

- 1 Rank Dompre - - 2 Athlone - - 2

.1 Gardeffrize - 1 Eck - - - 1 Opdam - 2

Squadrons.

3 Ann.

i 3"- — 140

5 7

Portugal

Forces.

Squadrons.

Squadrons.

Baldvin -

Lalech

Ourax

Prince Hesse Guil.

Emingtre -

Grovestein

Gardeffrize

[ Garde H

Garde de Corps -

Albermarle

Fienaehel -

Slippenbach

Pol

Wales -Drisberg -Raw

Caroline -Harenberg

Danes. Raoenclau Rantsau -Rantsau -Schmcttau Wirtemberg

1

2 2

5

2 2

3 5]

1

4

2

3.

2

4

2

1

2

3

7i

2

2

2

2

5

Limnge - - - 1

Nassaw JVdlbourg- 1

4

Hessians.

Spieghel - - - 2

Er Prince - - 4

Hesse Horn berg - - 4

10

Anspach. — Schmettaa - - 3

Munster. Henerbent - - 2

Holstein Boditz - - - 3

<Stf.re Gotha.

Prince Suae - - 2

Hanacers.

Guyden - - - 2

PtTwe - - - 2

Freischapcll - - 2

Boidavid - - - 3

Scuylenberg - - 3

12

Prussians. Herden -

13

2

Dutch in Portugal.

Roxv - - - 1

Mattar - - - 4

Palatines.

Schellard - - - 1

Weiser - - - 1

Squadrons 127, at 200 in each Battalions 112, at 750 in each - 84,000

Wirtemberg Troops in Pay, in lieu) of those in Portugal - - S

Independent Companies 26 - 2, Goo

5

25,400

90,600

Total - 116,000

List of the Regiments, which the King of Portugal had on foot the 7th of 1703.

In the Province of Alcntcjo.

Elvas Campo Mayor -Olivcnca -Castelo di Vide -Moura

Altneyda -Almeyda -Penamacor Panamacor Alfayatos -Costello Branco

D. Antonio de Noronha. Antonio Telles de Monvus. Antonio de Saldanha.

Ayres de Saldanha.

- Conde da

In the Province of Beyra.

- - Gaspar de Britto Freyrc.

- Dom Bras da Silveyra.

- Monoel Carlos de Tauora.

- - Dom Pedro Joseph de Mello.

- Francisco Cabral de Lacerda. Trislat da Cunha de Ataide.

In the Province of Minho. Ignacio da Tranca Barboza.

D. Soaz Manoel de Noronha.

O Conde da do Princepe.

D. Monel Pereyra Bacella.

D. Lopode Almeyda.

O Bisconde de Ponte de Zima.

In the Province of Trasos Montes'. O Marques de Tavora.

O Conde Alvor' lejeune.

O Conde de St. Vicente.

Antonio de Figeuyre de Sarmento.

Antonio de Sa.

D. Francisco Naper.

[ ] Thi Article is supplied from the original Account.

Vol. 14,

In Algarve.

D. Francisco de Mello.

Belchior da Costa.

At Lisbon and Estrenurdura.

Armada.,

O Conde de Soure.

Joaz Correa de Lacerda.

O Conde de Coculin.

Conde de Monsanto.

Marques de Foutos.

D. Rodrigo de Luncastro.

Pedro da Cunha de Mondonea.

Porto.

D. Luis de Alma da.

In all 35 Regiments, which make 22,780 Men.

Horse, 69 Troops, which make 5,010 Troopers.

Ordered, That the said Lists do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- Poor Relief, ing next (after the reading the Bill, for the better Relief, Employment, and Settlement, of the Poor) resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for importing Naval Stores from the Plantations.

Ordered, That Mr. Boucher, Sir Pritchard, Mr. Regulating Craggs, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Spencer, Mr. Coke, "Brokers. Colonel King, Mr. Mansell, Mr. Dashzvood, Sir Hump.

Briggs, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill, for inlarging the Number, and regulating, of Brokers, is committed.

Ordered, That Sir Samuel Garrett, Colonel King, Mr. i ,st Papillon, Mr. Renda, be added to the Committee, to Debentures, whom the Petition of Sir John Mead, Baronet, was referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 14° die Februarii;

3 Annas Regina.

Praters.

A PETITION of several poor Tradesmen of Ciren- Earl of cester, in the County of Gloucester, on behalf of Kildare's themselves, and other Creditors to the late Earl of New- Estate burg, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said Earl, and his Lady, now the Wife of the Lord Bellexc, residing at Cyrenccster, the Petitioners supplied them with Necessaries, and Provisions, in their several Trades, to the Value of 500l. That the said Earl gave the Inheritance of his Estate, after his Death, to his Lady, who sold the same for 15,0001, yet has not paid the Petitioners, to the Ruin of many of them:

That the Earl of Kildare, upon the Marriage of the Earl of Newburg, settled several Estates, and gave Bonds and Securities for Money, which, if paid, would have been Assets in the Hands of his Executor, or Administrator, and liable to pay the Petitioners; but there being a Bill in the House, for confirming an Agreement, made by certain Articles, by and between John Earl of y

Richard Lord Bellcw (both of the Kingdom of Ireland) and Frances his Lady, Charlotte Countess of Newburg, of the Kingdom of Scotland, and William Esquire, and for selling Part of the Estate of the said Earl of Kildare, for the Purposes therein mentioned, the same, upon Payment of certain Sums of Money, is to make void the Bonds, and Securities, entered into by the said Earl of Kildare; and so the Petitioners will be stripe of all Hopes of ever recovering their said Debts, if the said Bill should pass.' And praying Relief in the Premises:

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

1 Sir

A

V

528 ' 146 Februarii. A. 1764

rechell' , Sir Francis Massain reported from the Committee, to tic. Nau whom the in grossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Jacob Elias Francis

Lacroix, and others, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one'; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, and are, as follow:

Press 3. L. 22. Leave out " and, " and after " Henni/cen" insert " John Henricij, Son of John Adam " ricij,by Susanna his Wife, born at Dresden, in Saxony;

" James Bracett, Son of Etor by Antonette his

" Wife, born at Nimes, in Languedoc; Theodorus "pher Fabricius, Son of Julius by

" Mary his Wife, born at in the Dukedom of

" Brandenburg; Anthony Son of Ligonii r,

" by Louise his Wife, born in the Town of Cast res, in the " Province of Languedoc, in France; Peter , Son " of Bartholomew Coste, by Margaret his Wife, born at " Uxes, in Languedoc, in France; James Monginot, alias " Pruneville, Son of Stephen Monginot, by his

" Wife, born at Paris; James Jourdon, Son of Aldebert "Jourdon, by Mary his Wife, born at Languedoc, in " France; Isaiah Vallo, Son of Charles Vallo, by " his Wife, born at Lorca, in the Isle of in France;

" John Gomel, Son of Balthazar Gomel, by his

" Wife, born at Vi/lencuve,in the Province of " Stephen Gill, Son o i by Mary his Wife, " born at the Hague, in Holland; Abraham Son

" of Peter Ardcsoif,by Anne his Wife, born in the Pro-

" vince of Normandy, in France; Stephen Son of

" Peter Romilly, by Katherine his Wife, born at McmpeHer, in Languedoc; J Son of " don, by Magdalene his Wife, born at in Lan-

" gucdoc; James Marc, Son of Peter Marc,by

" nette his M ile, born in the Town of Sommiers, in the " Province of Languedoc, in France; David Bouden, Son " of David Boudon, by Marguerite his Wife, born at " Ganges, in the Province of in France; Jacob

" Meyer, Son of Jacob Meyer, by his Wile,

" born at Hambrough;Mary Elizabeth Brathwait,

"Daughter of Richard Manley, by Mary Katherine his " Wife, born at Leyden, in Holland; Erick " Son of John IVcldenberg, by Margrett his Wife, born at " Gottcnberg, in Szveed/and; Samuel Barbat, Son of John " Barbat, by Ann his W'ife, born at in the

" Province of Aquitaine, in France; John Cadour, Son of " Daniel Cadour, by Susanna his W'ife, born at Montaban, in the Province of Aquitaine; Peter Son

" of Peter Monies, by Susanna his Wife, born at Montpellier,in Languedoc;Lewis Guidon, Son of Oliver " Guidon, by Mary his W'ife, born at in

" the Prov ince of Poitou, in France; Madden " donck, Daughter of Cornelius by Mary

" his Wife, born at Amsterdam, in Holland; JohnGauget, Son of JohnGaugett, by Mary his W'ife, born.

" Berenx, in the Principality of Bearn, in France; Henry " Duffau, Son of Daniel Duffau, by AVer his W'ife, born

" at Labastide, in the Province o in France;

" John Thurett, Son of James by Elizabeth his

" Wife, born at Sentes, in the Island of France; Gerard " William Schroder, Son of Gerard Schroder,

" by Clara Margaretta his Wife, born at Deipholtz, in " Hanover; Stephen Desodes, Son of Peter Desodes, by " Jane his Wife, born at Grenoble, in the Province of " Dauphine, in France; Abel Boyer, Son of Peter

" Boyer, by Katherine his W'ife, born at Castres, in the " Province of Languedoc, in France; Abraham " Son of Abraham Ahj'sen, by his W'ife, born

" at Bourdeaux, in Aquitaine, in France; Peter Hemet,

" Son of Adrian Hemet, by Jaqueline his W'ife, born in " Anglcqucville, in the Province of in France;

" Balthazar Imbert, an Infant under the Age of Twelve " Years, Son of Jacob Imbert, by Radegondo his Wife,

: born at Geneva; and James Maleray, an Infant

" under the Age of Sixteen Years, Son of James " Malleray, by Frances his Wife, born at Kebce, in " Canada ."

Press 4. L. 5th. Leave out the W'ord and, " and after the Word " Henniken,"insert " John Henricij, James " Brovett, Theodoras Christopher Fabricius,

"Ligonier, Peter Coste, James Mongenot, alias " vilie, James Jourdan, Isaiah Vallo, John Gomel,

" Stephen Gill, Abraham Ardcsoif, Stephen Romilly,

" John Gourdon. James Mare, David Boudon, Jacob " Meyer, Mary Elizabeth Brat await,

" Samuel Barbat, John Cadour, Peter Monies, Leu is " Guidon, Mad/ui Vanhaesdonck, John Gauge/, Henry " Duffau, John Thurett, Gerard Schroder,

" Stephen Desodes, Abel Buyer, Abraham Peter

" Hemet, Balthazar Imbert, and James Male ray."

Press 4. L. 30th. Leave out the Word " and."

L. 31. After the Word " insert,

" John Henricij, James Brovett, Christopher

" Fabricius, Anthony Ligonier, Peter Coste, James " gevot, alias Pruneville, James Jourdan, Isaiah Vallo,

" John Camel, Stephen GUI, Abraham Stephen

" Romilly, John Gourdon, James Marc, David Boudon,

" Jacob Meyer, Mary Elizabeth Erick

" delberg, Samuel Barbat, John Cadour, Peter Monies,

" Lewis Guidon, Mudlen Vanhaesdonck, John Gait get,

" Henry Duffau, John Thurett, Gerard William " Schroder, Stephen Desodes, Abel Boyer, Abraham " Alefsen, Peter Hemet, Balthazar Imbert, and James

Maleray

Press 5. L. 27th. Leave out the W'ord "and," and, in the same Line, after " Henniken," insert John Henricij,

"James Brovett, Theodorus Christopher Fabricius, thonyLigonier, Peter Coste, Joints Mongenot, alias

" Pruneville, James Jourdan, Isaiah Vallo, John Gomel,

" Stephen Gill, Abraham Ardesoif, Stephen " John Gourdon, James Marc, David Boudon, Jacob " Meyer, Mary Elizabeth Brathwait, Erick " berg, Samuel Barbat, John Cadour, Peter Monies,

" Lewis Guidon, Madieu I 'unhaesdcnJohn Gaugett, " Henry Duffau, John Thurett, Gerard William Schroder, Stephen Desodes, Abel Boyer, Abraham,

" Peter Hemet, Balthazar Imbert, and

And add Clause A; viz.

" Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that no Person in this Act named, who " is not a natural-born Subject of the Kingdom oiEngland, or whose Parents, or Parent, were not, or was " not, born within this Realm, or the Territories thereunto belonging, shall have any Vote to elect Member,

"or Members, to serve in Parliament; any Law, Sta-"tute, or Usage, to the contrary thereof in any wise " notwithstanding."

Ordered, That the Bill be read the Third time upon Friday Morning next, in a full House.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Home and for severing and disuniting the Church or Chapel of Bleichin«ly Horne from the Church of Bletchingly,in the County of <"huicl1' Surrey, was read the Third time.

( Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Gilbert Dolben do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Bill, without any Amendment.

A Petition of the Lady Essex Griffin, was presented Griffin's to the House, and read; setting forth, that in i6(»8 Sir Estate. Edward Griffin, Baronet, deceased, upon the Marriage of his Son Edward, (afterwards Lord Griffin) and the Petitioner, settled the Manor of Dingley to the Use of the said Edward (still living) for Life, Remainder to James -Jin, the Petitioner's Sen, for Life, Remainder to the First and other Sons of the said James, in Tail Male, Remainder to his own right Heirs; That in 1684 the Petitioner's Husband granted to his Son James, on his Marriage, a Rent-charge of 800l. per Annum, with a Clause of Kntry for Non-paymer.t; and, upon Colour of Arrears, Janus (some Years since) entered on the whole Manor, and is

long

Raising the Militia.

Ease of bneritfs.

Recruiting Land Forces.

Punishing Mutiny and Desertion,

Persons in Public Offices not to be Members.

.3 Ann.

lon<» since satisfied his Arrears (if any) out of the Surplus of the Estate: That the said James has a Son, of about Eleven Years of Age, who, after his Father's Death, isen -titled to all the said Premises, discharged of the Debts and Incumbrances of his Father; who has contracted a Debt of 3,poo/, and mortgaged his Life Estate for the same, and is endeavouring, by a Bill, depending in the House, for enabling Trustees to make leases of Part of the Manor of Dingley, and Lands there, for Payment of the Debts of

James Griffin, Esquire, and raising Portions for younger Children, to charge the said Estate with 10,000l. which will extremely burthen the Infant's Remainder Estate I And praying to be heard by Counsel against the said Bill, in behalf of her said Infant Grandson.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Bill, for raising the Militia for the Year 1705 although the Month's Pay, formerly advanced; be not repaid, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, for the Ease of Sheriffs, in the Exe cution of their Offices, and passing their Accounts, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was off-red as a Rider, for preventing Expences at Spunging-houses:

And the same was twice read, and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Press 3. L. # to leave obt " Lord,s" and insert " Lord" instead thereof:

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Ease of Sheriffs, in the Execution of their Offices, and passing their Accounts.

Ordered, That Mr. Hicks do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Mr. St.John have Leave to make a Motion, it being past One a Clock:

And he moved accordingly, That a Day might be appointed for the reading the Bill, for the better recruiting her Majesty's Land Forces, and the Marines, the Third time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read the Third time upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Haw have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved accordingly, That a Time might be appointed for the reading the Bill, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Musters, and for the better Payment f the Army, and Quarters, a Second time.

Ordered, Ttiat the Bill be read a Second -time upon Friday Morning next, after the Third reading of the Bill, for the better recruiting her Majesty's Land Forces, and the Marines.

The Orders of the Day being read; -

The House (according to Order) proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for excluding out of the House of Commons all Persons in any Offices, or Employments, erected since the Sixth Day of February, 1684, or to be erected.

And the same being again read;

The First Amendment to the Title of the Bill being read a Second time;

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Amendment be postponed.

The Second Amendment being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being' put, That the Hopse do agree with the Lords, in the said Amendment

V OL. 14.

5 9

The House, divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the DM°"' } 9C.

Teller, for Noes,

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the farther Consideration of the Amendments made by the Lords to the said Bill, be adjourned till this Day Fortnight.

Ordered, That the adjourned Debate touching the ingrossing the Bill, for Payment of several Annuities to the Persons therein mentioned, be farther adjourned till Friday Morning next.

A Bill, for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France, was (according to Order) read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of Thomas Oary and George Hatley, of London, Merchants, and Edward and John Stratford, Esquires, Executors of Francis Stratford, Esquire, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners Cary and Hatley, and Francis Stratford, the last Year bought, at Copenhagen, 49 Tuns of French Wine, which they imported at London, and paid the full Duty; and, being assured of the Legality of that Trade, they some Months since gave Commission to purchase for them, at the same Place, 220 Tuns of the like Wines, which is actually performed: That there being a Bill in the House, for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France, the Petitioners pray Relief in their Case, as touching the said Wines, they being the only Persons concerned in such an Affair, as they believe.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Bill, for granting to her Majesty a further Subsidy on Wines and Merchandizes imported, and a new Duty on such East India Goods, prohibited to be worn in England, as shall be exported for Ireland, or her Majesty's Plantations, was (according to Order) read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of several Persons, that have Plantations in the Island of Barbadoes, in behalf of themselves, and all die Inhabitants of the said Island, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said Island contributes greatly to the Support of all the other Plantations, employs above 600 Ships yearly, exports vast Quantities of the Product of England, and imports valuable Goods, that bring Riches, from other Markets: That the said Islandisin danger to be ruined, Two-thirds of the Christian Inhabitants being gone from it, a Third Part of the Land laid waste, and those Plantations, from which great Estates were formerly raised, do not now bear their own Charges, by reason of the War, and the great Duties laid on Sugar, high Freight, and Dearness of Clothing and Provisions, which are at Three-times the Rate they used to be at: That the Enemy have taken, within these 18 Months, to the Value of 500,000l. going to and from the said Island; and nothing but the Hopes of Peace has supported their Spirits: That the Petitioners are informed that a further Duty is intended to be laid on the Produce of the said Island; which will be a manifest Damage to this Kingdom; for that it will greatly increase the Northern Colonies, and the Dutch and French Planta *

6 S two *

140 Febru.

Paytrient of Annuities

Prohibiting Comifcerce with Fra»C«

Ditto

Supply Rill j Subsidy on Wines.

Ditto.

Subsidy on Vi iocs.

Di tie.

Ditto

Ditto.

550 14' — 150 Februariu t704.

tions, where they make Sugar, and can undersell the Petitioners, and will lessen the English Sugar Plantations, who bear all the Burthen: And praying, that they may not be burthened with any further Impositions.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Merchants, trading to Venice, Was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Trade to Venice is very considerable, for Exportation of the Woollen Manufactures, Lead, Tin, Fish, and other English Commodities, in English built Shipping, which are reladen with Currants from the Islands belonging to Venice: That the now Duties on Currants are 175. per Hundred, and, should Two-thirds Subsidy more be added (as is intended by a Bill in the House) Currants must pay 21 s. per Hundred; which will not only abate their Consumption here, but prevent the Exportation of the English Product: And praying, that Currants, imported in English btrilt Shipping, may be exempted from any further Duty thereupon.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition set referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed,

A Petition of the Merchants, trading to the Island of Jamaica, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there is a Bill in the House, whereby a Duty of Thirty per Cent, is intended to be laid on all East India, Goods, prohibited to be worn in England, which shall bfe exported to the Plantations: That it is absolutely rtedessaty to send an Assortment of such East India Goods with cither English and foreign Comnrodities to Aj'riea, and the Spanish West Indies, without which those Trades cannot be carried on: That the Dutch are Competitors with the Petitioners in the said Trade, and already have the Advantage; and, if this Trade meets with any further Discouragement,' it will be wholly lost to this Nation, the Methods intended in the- Bill, by a Drawback On the said Commodities, not being sufficient to preserve the said Trade: And praying, that they may be heard against that Part of the said Billy as. charges the 30 per Cent, on the saidGoods.

Ordered, That it be referred to the said Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the' Planters, Merchants, and Traders, to the Island of Nevis, Antegoa, St. Christophers, and sernt, wars presented to the House, and read.; setting forth, that the Petitioners understand, there is a Bill in the House, for laying a new additional Duty, of r s. per Cent. Weight, on Muscovado Sugar; imported from the Plantation ^; and the Duties, already laid thereon, being very Heavy, and the great Losses, sustained by the Petitioners, during the War, in Shipping, hath occasioned great Soarcity oiEnglish Manufactures in the Plantations, to their insupportable Calamity: They therefore pray, that the said Sugars may be exempted from' the intended new Duty.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition Be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom tire said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Mfefchanfo erf Eoridbn, trading in Wines; was' presented tot the House; and read; setting forth; that there te a Bill' depending in the Hbuse, for granting to her Majesty a further Subsidy on Wines arid Merchandize; arid several Duties beifig already laid upon Wines, and'a further Duty, of Two-thifdS of a Subsidy, being interided by the said' Bill to be laid ori Wines imported,- if'it sholild be lhid in the like manlier, as by the former Acts, it will make 4V; 1 bs.Dbty per Tpn more in the Port of London,than in the Out-ports, to the great Dis-

couragement' of the Traders in Londtri: Arid'praying the Consideration of the House, and' Relief in the Matter.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Said Petition' be referred to the Gomtirittee of the -whole House, to vdiem the raid Bill is coipmitted.

Ordered, That Sir Godfrey Copley, Sir Nicholas Pelham, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Roberts, be added to the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming an Agreement, made, by certain Articles, by and between John Earl of Richard Lord Bellerv, (both of the Kingdom of Ireland) and Frances his Lady, Charlotte Countess of Newburg, and fVm. Rc/wley, Esquire, and for selling Part of the Estate of the said Earl of Kil, is committed.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Powys, and Mr. Fogg, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, to enable John Green-, of Gavellacre, in the County of Southampton, Clerk, to sell some Estates in Hackkston,in the County of Wilts, and for settling other Estates in Gavellacre, of a better Value, to the same Uses, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

--- - - i - - - .: . 1 _ _r_

Jovis, 15 (tie tebruarii;

3 Annsfe

Pit AY ERS.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to naturalize Andrew Girardet, alias Devermenoux, Francis Buzelitti and others, was read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Art irigfdssed Bill, to impowef the Lord High Treasurer, of Commissioners of the Treasury, for the time being, to compound with Thomas Kenyon, Gentleman, Executor of Ldki Lloyd, Esquire, One of the Sureties for Morgan Whitley, Esquire, late Receiver-general for the Counties of Chester and North Wales, was read the Third time.

ReSOtbed, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act to hnpower the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the time being, to com- poarid with Thomas Kenyon, Gentleman, Executor of Luke Lloyi, Esqriire, One of the Sureties for Morgan Whitley, Esquire, late Receiver-general for the Counties Of Cketitm arid North tVnles.

Ordered, That Sir tloget Bradshaw do carry the Bill to the Lords, arid dtelte foefr Concurrence thereunto.

Aw ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting she Estate of Joseph Grainge, and Eliz. his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold; and to dispose Of Part of the Mohcy, arising by such Sale, for the Maintenance of the said Eliz. pursuant to their Marriage Settlement, and to apply the Residue to the Payment of the Debts of the said Joseph Grainge, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Willoughby liickman, Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. Gwyn, Mr.

Mr. Nevill, Mr. Bromley, Colonel Thompssti, Mr

Conyers, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Walpole, Sir Math. Dudley, Mt. Lamplttgh, Mr. Mr. Har-

court, Mr . Goring, Sir Roger Bradshaw, Mr. Gould, Mr. Fox, Sir Fra. Molyneux, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Tredenham, Mr. Asgitl, Mr. Papillon, Sir Math. Dudley, and all, that serve for the Counties of Surrey and Bucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, for the Relief, Employment, and Settlement, of the P001;, was (according to Order) read the Third time.

And some Amendments being severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 11. L. 8. after " Overseers" to insert " Church-" wardensand L. 10. after " Duty" to insert " iu " any Matter or Thing:"

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for the better Relief, Employment, and Settlement, of the Poor,

Ordered,

Earl of Kildare i Estate

Green *

Estate.

Girardet'i, &tc. IS at.

Kenyon9! Debt to th Crown

G ntiuge9! Estate

P«x>r Relief/

> 4il

Importing Naval Store *

Committee#

Griffin'#

Estate.

ftean *

Estate

Delve#'

Estate

Xonney'i Will.

Crow'#

l.itdte.

Burr'#

EsUte.

Node#'

E»ute.

Goddard's

Estate.

3 Ann I5 — 16° Februarii. 531

Ordered, That Sir Humphry do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Resolved, That this Mouse will, tipon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for importing naval Stores from the Plantations.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Ordered, That Sir John Mordant, Sir Gilbert Heath-cot, Sir Rich.Temple, Mr. Eyre, Mr. Hicks, Sir Rich.

Ornldw, Mr. Dormer, Colonel Stanhope, Mr. King, Sir Fra. Molmeux. be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, frdm the Lords, for enabling Trustees to make Leases of Part of the Manor of Ding ley, for Payment of the Debts of James Griffin, Esquire, and raising Portions for younger ... is committed.

O O

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 16 die Februarii j 3 Anna

Prayers.

pETER de Sitter, and John James Cext, took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming a Lease, heretofore made of certain Messuages and Lands in Epsam, by Sir Joseph Sheldon, and Sir James Edwards, to Humphry Bean, and agreed to be assigned to Sir Tho. Coke, Knight, and for enabling a Lease of other Lands, adjoining to the same, to be made to him, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Coke, Sir Jcffiy Jeffierys, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Manley, Mr. Mus-grace, Mr. Craggs, Mr. Pinnell, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Hungerjord, Mr. Booth, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Moor, Mr. Rudge, Sir Fra. Windham, Mr. Hysham, Mr. Gould, Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. Lawson, Mr. Colson, Mr. Charnpneys, Sir John Fleet; and all, that serve for the Counties of Essex, Middlesex, and Surrey: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard, aind Mr. Hiccocks:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to raise Money to pay the Debts of Mark Deices, Esquire, deceased, without any Amendment:

And that they have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming and making good the last Will and Testament of HughNanney, Esquire, deceased, without any Amendment;

And that they have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of several Lands in the Counties of Durham and Northumberland, late of Patricius Crow, Esquire, deceased, for the raising the Portions thereupon for his younger Children, without Amendment:

And that they have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting an Estate, mortgaged in Fee by Tho. Burr to Anthony Tomkins (now in Infants) in Trustees, to reconvey the same to the said Tho. Burr, or. as he shall appoint, upon Payment of all the Moneys due on the said Mortgage, without Amendment:

And that they have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of several Lands and Hereditaments of George Nodes, Esquire, in the County of for'

Payment of his Debts, and the Debts of George Nodes, Esquire, his Father, deceased, charged thereupon, without Amendment:

And that they have also agreed to the' Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of several Lands, late of Thomas

Wo l. 14.

dard, of Rtidlow, in the County of Wilts, Esquire, deceased, for Payment of Debts, and for settling the Overplus upon Ambrose Goddard, for the Purposes therein mentioned, without Amendment:

And that they have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, Hatcler'i An Act for raising Money for Payment of the Debts of Estat® Thomas Hatcher, Esquire, by Sale, or Mortgage, of some Part of his Estate, and for the better Execution of several rowers in his Marriage Settlement, with some Amendments j to which they desire the Concurrence of this Houses.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Lord Coningsby reported from the Committee, to Earl of whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming ah Agreement made by certain Ar-j tides, by and between John Earl of Kildare, Richard Lord Be/leio, (both of the Kingdom of Ireland) and Frances his Lady, Charlotte Countess of Newburgh, of the Kingdom of Scotland, and William Rowley, Esquire, and for selling Part of the Estate of the said Earl of for the Purposes therein, mentioned, was committed i that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had heard the Petitioners upon the J Petition referred to the Committee; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made One Amendment thereuntp, which they, had directed him to report to the House; Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: where the same was once read; and is as followeth; viz.

Press 3. L. 4. After " Newbu' to add " his Executors or Administrators."

The said Amendment being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment:

It passed in the Negative.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Worsopp's for vesting in Trustees the Estate late of Sir Tho. Wor- state sopp, Knight, and John Worsopp, Esquire, his Son, deceased, in Finsbury Fields, or Moor-jvelds, in the Parish of . Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, to be sold, for the Payment of Debts and Legacies, and the Overplus of the Money remaining, to be laid out for the -purchasing of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of Inheritance, in the Kingdom of Ireland, to be settled, as in the Act is particularly mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Coningsby, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr.

Clayton, Mr. Aimesley, Sir Fra. Massam, Sir John Kayj Mr. Gauntlett, Sir Fran. Windham, Mr. Asgill, Mr.

Moncton, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Bridges, Sir Tho. Coke, Sir Tho. Davall, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Bulkley, Mr. Parker, Mr.

Popham, Mr. Vaughan: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lister to enable Trustees to sell such Part of the Estate of Estate. Rickard Lister, Esquire, and Frances Pate Lister, his Wife, sole Daughter, and Heir, of Sir Thomas Smith, Baronet, deceased, in the County of Chester, and City of Chester, as remains unsold, in order to raise Money for the Payment of the Debts of the said Sir Tho. , and for Portions for younger Children of the said Frances Pate Lister, and for applying the Overplus in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses, as they are now settled, and likewise for confirming such Leases, and Sales, as have been made towards Discharge of the said Debts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Shacker-l$y, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Sir John Williams, Colonel

Mr. Parker, Kir. Crosse, Mr, Johnson, Mr. Clayton, Mr.'

Smith, Mr. Blofeild;Mr. Dryden, Mr. England, Mr. knaichbull, Mr. Lawson, Mr. Graham, Lord Cheine,

Sir Dudley Cullum, Sir Nich. Pelham, Sir John Thorold, io Mr.

Recovering Ty thts, iS:c.

Mason's Debt to the Crown.

Earl of Bath's Estate.

Correspondence with Enemies.

Pechell's,&c

Nat.

Recruiting Land Forces

532 169 Februarii. 1704.

Mr. Monson, Mr. Dimodc; and all, that serve for the Counties of Chester, Salop, Leicester, Dei'bp, and North Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir Mathew Dudley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill, for continuing an Act, relating to Wears, Locks, and Carriages, on the River Thames, an Act for more easy Recovery of small Tythes, an Act about Partitions of Land in Co-parcenary, and some Acts about returning Jnries, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; w here the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them agreed unto by the House.

Clause A, being read a Second time, That no Person shall bring any Suit for Recovery of small Tythes, not exceeding 40 s. per Annum, other than before the Justices of Peace, as by the Act of the 7th and 8th Years of his late Majesty's Reign is directed;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Clause D, being read a Second time, That Tenants for Life, or a Term of Years, shall be qualified to serve on Juries, as well as Freeholders, or Copy-holders:

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard, and Mr. Hiccocks:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to impower the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, to compound with John Mason, Gentle-. man, who w as Receiver-general for the County, University, and Town of Cambridge, and Isle of Ely, and also with John Pickering, Silkman, One of the said John Masons Sureties, as he was such Receiver, without any Amendment:

Also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable William Henry Earl of Bath, during his Minority, to execute his Power of making Leases of his settled Estate; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House;

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read upon Tuesday Morning next.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report frond the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, against corresponding with her Majesty's Enemies, was committed, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Dill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Jacob Pechells, Elias Landes, Francis Lacroir, and others, be read the Third time upon Tuesday Morning next, in a full House, after the reading the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable William Henry Earl of Bath, during his Minority, to execute his Power of making Leases of his settled Estate.

An ingrossed Bill, for the better recruiting her Majesty's Land Forces, and the Marines, was (according to Order) read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That One or'Two Justices only shall not act:

And the same was twice read; and the Blanks filled up: And then the Clause was read the Third time, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act for the better recruiting her Majesty's Land Forces, and the Marines, for the Year 1705.

Ordered, That Mr. St. John do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard, and Mr. Hiccocks;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Sand ' for Sale of Part of the Estate of John Sands, Esquire, Estate, in the County of SuiTey, for Payment of his Debts, and raising a Portion for his Daughter, without Amendment:

And they have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Guy'a Act for vesting the Estate late of Tho. Guy, deceased, Estalf-in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of his Debts, without Amendment:

And they have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Proctor's Act to enable John Proctor, of Rock, in the County of Estate. Northumberland, Esquire, to sell, or otherwise dispose of, his Lands in Shaxcdon, shall don-woodhouse, and

ley, upon settling Lands of like Value, in the said County, in lieu thereof,- without Amendment:

And that they have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, Bludworth's An Act for Sale of the Estate of Charles Bluduorth, EsUU- Esquire, deceased, for Payment of his Debts, w ithout Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false PuftisFoj Musters, and for the better Payment of the Army, and Mutiny :md Quarters, was (according to Order) read a Second time. ier,lou

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House (according to Order) proceeded to take Irish Ilospi-into Consideration the Reports upon the Petition of John lal Percivall, Esquire, late Governor, and other Officers, employed in the fixt and moving Hospitals in in the Year 1690; and Colonel Samuel Venner.

And the Reports are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of John Percivall, Esquire,' &c.

That the Committee having called before them several Persons, the better to examine into the Allegations of the said Petition;

It appeared to the Committee, by several Commissions, and Warrants, signed by the late King, and produced to the Committee, that the Petitioners were those Officers, set forth in the Petition; and that they had, as there alleged, stated their Accounts upon Oath before the Commissioners of Accounts in Ireland, and delivered up their Vouchers to the said Commissioners, as they were obliged to do; and the said Commissioners gave them a Certificate, containing the State of their said Account, with the Balance thereof, remaining due to your Petitioners, amounting to 1,050/. 7 s. 3 d. which Certificate, signed by the said Irish Commissioners, was produced to the Committee, and the Truth thereof further attested personally by Mr. Palmer, One of the said Commissioners.

That the Committee called before them Mr. Langton, and Mr. Farrer, Two of your late Commissioners for stating the Debts, due to the Army; by whose Testimony it did appear that the Petitioners had applied themselves to the said Commissioners, to have their Accounts stated, and Debentures made out for what was due to them; but that the said Commissioners thought themselves not sufficiently impowered so to do, by reason, that the particular Vouchers, which were delivered up to the Commissioners of Accounts in Ireland, as appears by the before-ineutioned Certificate, and the personal Testimony

Pii} ment of Ami ui lieu

3 ANN:

16° — x'f Februarii.

533

of Mr. Palmer, One of the said Commissioners, could hot he produced to them; and they believed themselves tied down by the Words of the Act, by which they were constituted, to give no Certificates, but where they actually saw the particular Vouchers, though the said Certificate from the Irish Commissioners of Accounts (mentioning their having accounted before them on Oath, and delivered up those particular Vouchers to them) was laid before them.

That, upon the whole, it appears to the Committee, that the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations in their Petition; and that there is justly due to them the Sum of 1,050/. 7 s. 3d.

Upon the Petition of Colonel Samuel Fenner:

That the Committee having considered and examined into the Allegations of the Petition, it. appeared, that the Petitioner Colonel Venner was, by Warrant, dated the 8th Day of July, 1690, appointed by his late Majesty Governor of the Hospital of in Ireland.

That by a Certificate, dated the 22d of January, 169} under the . Hands of the late Commissioners of Accounts in Ireland, it appeared, that there is due to the Petitioner, for his Salary, as Governor of Kilihainham Hospital, the Sum of 611/. 95. lijrf. And Mr. Palmer, One of the said Commissioners, being called in, and examined, owned the same.

That the Committee find, there is due to the Petitioner the Sum of 487/. 12 s.6d. which was laid out by him for necessary Subsistence of the said Hospital, for which be had the Earl of A thieve's Warrant; dated the 27th of November, 1691, directed to the Paymaster-general of the Forces in Ireland;which Warrant w as produced to the Committee: That the Petitioner hath since passed his said Account with Mr. Auditor Bridges, and hath obtained his Quietus, which was produced to the Committee; wherein it doth appear, that the said Colonel Samuel Venner, upofi the End and Determination of his Account of the said Hospitals in Ireland, which was declared before the Right Honourable Sidney Lord GV dolphin, Lord High Treasurer of England, and Henry Boyle, Esquire, Chancellor and Under-treasurer of the Exchequer, the.8th Day of January, 1703, is in Surplusage 487/. 125. 6d.

That it likewise appeared to the Committee, that the Petitioner had applied to the late Commissioners for stating the Debts, due to the Army, in order to obtain Debentures for what was due to him; and Mr. Langton and Mr. Farrar, Two. of the Commissioners, being called before the Committee, produced the Establishments for the Hospitals m. Ireland; but said, they thought them-

selves not impowered by the Act to state his Accounts.

That, upon the whole Matter, the Committee do find, that the Petitioner hath fully made out the Allegations contained in his Petition; and that there is justly due to tile Petitioner, '

For Money laid out and expended) - 10 6

about the said Hospitals, the Sum of 4 '

For his Salary, as Governor - - 611 9 n£

.Total due - - £.1,099 2

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Reports be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Fill, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Musters, and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters, is committed.

Ordered, That the other Reports from the said Committee, to whom the Petitions of the said John and Colonel Venner, were, referred, be read Tomorrow Morning, at Eleven a Clock.

Ordered, That the adjourned Debate, touching the ingrossed Bill, for Payment of several Annuities to the Persons therein mentioned, be farther adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

VOL. 14.

Sabbat i, 17 die Februarii;

3® Anna; Regina. v

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled An Girard :' , Act to naturalize Andrezc alias Dever- &c. Nat. menoujc, Francis Buzelin, and others, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Mr. Shepherd, Sir Thomas Meers, Mr. Foley, Mr. Sir

Sam. Gerrard, Mr. Crosse, Sir Math. Dudley, Mr. Moor,

Mr. Moncton, Mr. Gay, Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. Ogle,

Sir Isaac Rebate, Mr. Jercoise, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Dawdswell, Mr. Fagg, Mr. Jeffries, Mr. Manley, Mr.

Asgill, Mr. IVessell, Mr. Papillon, Sir Jeff. Jewries: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

A Complaint being made to the House, that one Mr. privileged JVm. Tyson, an Attorney of the Court of Common Pleas, had delivered Declarations in Ejectment to the Tenants of Edmund Bray, Esquire, (a Member of this House) in the County of Alonmouth, at the Suit of John Foster, and his Wife, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint, and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House; and that the Committee do sit upon Monday next, in the Afternoon, thereupon.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Tyrrill's to make some Alterations and Amendments in an Act of Estate. Parliament, obtained the last Sessions by Sir Peter Tyrritl, and Thomas Tyrrill, his Son, in order to enable them to sell several Lands in Hanslop, and in the County of Bucks, which were settled, upon the Marriage of the said Thomas Tyrrill, and Dorothy his Wife, and to settle other Lands in Lieu thereof, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Smiths Lord Pierpoint, Sir Fra. Massarn, Mr Sir Tho.

Meers, Sir Gerv. Ehces, Mr. Ogle, Lord Poie/et, Mr.

Freeman, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Wilkins, Sir Robei't Eden, Sir Dudley Cullum, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Rice, Mr. Onsloza,

Sir Edw. Turner, Mr. Louther, Mr. Harcourt, Mr.

Brezeer, Mr. Manley, Mr. BlojeldMr. Jerxoise, Mr. Jessop; and all for the Counties of Bucks,

Northampton, and Oxon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed, that they do add a Saving of the Rights of the City of Lincolne.

Mr. Jerxoise reported from the Committee, to whom Green's the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate, to enable John Green, of Gavallacre, in the County of Southampton, Clerk, to sell some Estates in Hac-kleston, in the County of Wilts, and for the settling other Estates in Gavellacre, in the County of Southatnpton, of a better Value, to the same Uses, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had considered the Petition of John Butcher, to them referred; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and "that the Committee had made an Amendment, which they'had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, and is, as followeth; viz.

Press 9. L. 22. Before the Saving add a Proviso, That the Bill shall in no wise prejudice the Right, Title, Interest, or Demands, of John Butcher, to any the Premises in the Bill, which he hath, or may have, in Right of his late Wife Joan, deceased, nor be any-ways prejudicial to him as to the Matters now in Chancery, between

6 T the


Raising the Militia

Lost Debentures.

Lost Lottery Tickets.

534

17" Februarii. A. 1704.

the said John Butcher, and the said John Green, and the Children of Henry Curie, deceased. '

A Bill, for raisin® the Militia'for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Five, although tlt£ Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be -an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for the accounting with, and discharging, such Persons, as have received Moneys, upon the Resolution, upon Account of Trophies in the County of Dorsett, and for applying the same to the publick Use of that County.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for the better enforcing an Account of the Trophy-money, collected in the several Counties of this Kingdom.

Mr. Asgillreported from the Committee, to whom

the Matter of the Petition of the Governor and Company for making hollow Sword-blades, in England, was recommitted, the Matter, as it appeared to them, and the Opinion of the Committee thereupon; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is, as followeth; viz.

That, upon the Re-commitment of the said Petition, it appeared to the Committee, that several Army and Transport Debentures, amounting to the Sum of 14,2531. \gs. 1 id. were delivered into the General Post Office in London, on the 1st of July, 1703, by Mr. John Crompton, and Mr. John Beardmore, directed to Mr. Charles Blunt in Dublin; which were so sent for the Use of the Petitioners/

That it also appeared by a Certificate, under the Hands of the Post-master-general of England, that the Mail of Letters for Ireland, which was sent from the General Post Office in London on the 1st of July, 1703, being put on board the Queen Ann Packet Boat, was thrown overboard, and sunk, on the nth of the said Month, to prevent the same coming into the Enemy's Hands, a Privateer of France being then in close Pursuit of the Packet Boat between Holyhead and Dublin, by which the said Packet Boat was soon after taken.

That it also appeared by a Certificate, under the Hand of Mr. Tho. Jett, senior, the Register of Debentures, that none of those Debentures, mentioned in the List annexed to the Petition, are registered in his Office.

Upon which the Committee were satisfied of the Truth of the Allegations in the said Petition, and are humbly of Opinion, that the'House be moved, for Leave to admit a Clause to be offered to some Bill, for the Petitioners Relief, by which the said Petitioners are to make Proof, by Oath, of the Loss of the said Debentures, and to give Security, for indemnifying the Publick against the same.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, That Leave be given to offer a Clause to the Bill, for Payment Of several Annuities to the Persons therein mentioned, for the Relief of the Petitioners, according to the Prayer of their Petition.

Mr. Asgill also reported, from the said Committee, the Matter, as it appeared to them, upon the Petition of Eliz. Hodges, Mother and Administratrix of Eliz. Mathews, late Wife of George Mathews, deceased, and the Opinion of the Committee thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is, as followeth; viz.

That the Committee had examined the said Petition, and have had Proof before them, that the said George Mathews' House was burnt at the Time in the Petition

mentioned; and that the said. George Matheus did deal much in purchasing Tallies, Debentures, Malt Tickets, and Exchequer Bills; and that he was seen to have several Tallies in his House some short Time before his Death: And the Numbers of several Tickets and Debentures were produced, which were taken from some Papers, found in the Ruins of the said House; where also were found Two Receipts for Debentures, and Malt Tickets sold.

By all which the Committee did believe, that several of the said Petitioner's Effects might be lost, or burnt, in the said Fire; and are humbly of Opinion, that the House be moved, for Leave to offer a Clause to some Bill, for the Petitioner's Relief, by which the Publick is to be indemnified against the same, as in like Cases.

Resoboed, That the House doth agree with the Committee, That Leave he given to offer a Clause to the Bill, for Payment of several Annuities to the Persons therein mentioned, for the Relief of Eliz. Hodges, according to the Prayer of her Petition.

A Clause was (according to Order) offered, to be added to the Bill, relating to Lottery Tickets, and Debentures, lost:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks were filled up; and the Clause, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed uuto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was (according to Order) offered, to be added to the Bill, on behalf of Sir John Mead, Knight and Baronet:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks were filled up, and the Clause amended: And then the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was (according to Order) offered, to be added to the Bill, on behalf of Dorothy Ireland:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks were filled up; and the Clause, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, relating to Ireland in general:

And the same was once read, and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, relating to Mrs. Hodges:

And the same was once read, and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

And then the House resumed the adjourned Debate, touching the ingrossing of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers, and Mr.

Hiccocks:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Promissory for giving like Remedy upon Promissory Notes, as is Notes, now used upon Bills of Exchange, and for the better Payment of Inland Bills of Exchange, with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The said Amendments, being read, are, as follow;

At the End of the Bill add Clauses, marked A, B, and C.

Clause A. " Provided always, that from and after the " said First Day of May, no Acceptance of any Inland " Bill of Exchange shall be sufficient to charge any Person whatsoever, unless the Bill be underwritten, or " endorsed in Writing thereupon; and if the same be " not accepted by such Underwriting, or Endorsement in " Writing, no Drawer of any Inland Bill shall be liable " to pay the same, or make Satisfaction for Non-acceptance thereof, unless such Protest be made for " Non-acceptance thereof, and, within Fourteen Days

' 6 " after

0 Februarii

535

3 Ann. 17 — 19

" after such Protest, the same be sent, or otherwise due " Notice thereof be given to the Party, from whom such " Bill was received; and if such Bill be accepted, and " not paid before the Expiration of Three Days after the " said Bill shall become due and payable, or immediately " after, then no Drawer of such Bill shall be compellable " to make any Satisfaction for the not paying thereof, " unless a Protest be made, or sent, or due Notice there " of be given, in such Manner and Form, as is men-4‘ tioned in the said Act: Nevertheless, every Drawer of " such Bill shall be liable to make Payment of such Bill, " if any One Protest be made for Non-acceptance, or " Non-Payment, thereof."

Clause B. " And be it further enacted, that from and " after the said First Day of May, if any Person doth " accept any Bill of Exchange, for, and in Satisfaction " of any former Debt, or Sum of Money, formerly " due unto him, the same shall be accounted and esteemed " a full and complete Payment of such Debt, if such " Accepter of any such Bill for his Debt doth not take 0 his due Course to obtain Payment thereof, by endeavouring to get the same accepted, and paid, and make " his Protest, as aforesaid, either for Non-acceptance, or " Non-payment thereof."

Clause C. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that this Act shall continue and be in " Force for the Space of Three Years, from the said " First Day of May, and from thence to the End of the " next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

Ordered, That the said Amendments be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Brewer reported from the said Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Reports from the Committee, to Irish whom the Petitions of John Percivall, Esquire, and Co- Ho«pit«l lonel Fenner, were referred, be read upon Monday Morn- rrea ing next

Ordered, That Sir Jeffry Jeffrys Mr. Pendarvas, Sir Bean' Math. Dudley, Mr. Nath. Hem, Mr. Bingham, Mr. £,ule‘ Fr. Hem, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Perry, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming a Lease, heretofore made of certain Messuages and Lands in by Sjr

Joseph Sheldon, and Sir James Edwards, to Humphry Bean, and agreed to be assigned to Sir Tho. Coke, Knight, and for enabling a Lease of other Lands, adjoining to the same, to be made to him, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning Nine a Clock.

Luna, 19 die Februarii;

3 Annas Regina.

Correspond- Mr. Solicitor-general reported from the Committee of «nc« with the whole House, to whom the Bill, against correspond-KnenuM. ing with her Majesty's Enemies, was committed, the Amendments, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and tl»en a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And another Amendment was proposed to be made, by leaving out " Lead

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An of Act for confirming an Agreement, made by cer- Kildare's

Sin Articles, by and between John Earl of Kildare, Estate.

ichard Lord Bedew (both of the Kingdom of Ireland)

and Frances his Lady, Charlotte Countess of Newburgh, of the Kingdom of Scotland, and William Rowley, Esquire, and for selling Part of the Estate of the said Earl of Kildare, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Coningsby do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment

The Orders of the Day being read;

Letter sent to Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to

Mr. Lowndes whom it was referred to enquire into the Matter of a Bribe"8 Letter sent to Mr. Lowndes, and the Author of it, be n ‘ made upon this Day Seven-night

Prohibiting Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee Commerce of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for prohibiting, all

with trance. Trade and Commerce with France, is committed, that they have Power to consider of the opening the Trade with ‘ the Dominions of Charles the Third, King of Spain.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into the said Committee. 4

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Monday Morning next.

Importing Then the House (according to Order) resolved itself Naval Stores, into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for importing Naval Stores from the Plantations.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Brewer took the Chair of the Committee.

Vol. 14.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Cadogan's Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, Nat.

An Act to naturalize Mai'garita Cecilia Cadogan, Wife of Brigadier-general Cadogan, and Gilbert Affleck.

And the same, being twice read, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are, as follow; viz.

In the Title leave out " and, " and after " Affleck" add " John Herman Laois?

1. Pr. 9. L. After " India" read " and John Herman " Laois, Son of John Laois, by Gertride his Wife, born " at Hamburgh."

L. 2. After " Affleck" read " and John. Herman Lovis."

L. 32. The same Amendment

2. Pr. L. 2. Leave out " or," and after his" add " or their."

L. 3. The same Amendment.

L. 10. Leave out " or," and after " be" add " or they."

L. 11. Leave out " or may."

L. 17. Leave out " and, " and after " Affleck" read " and John Herman Laois."

Ordered, That Mr. Coke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hathr agreed to the said Amendments.

The House took into Consideration the Amendment, Waller' made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to E»ut«. enable Edmond Waller, Esquire, to charge his Estate . ("0

hatcher's

Estate.

Green's

Estate.

Irish

Hospital

Arrears.

536

190 FebrUarii.

A. 170

(not settled upon his Wife, in Jointure) with a Sum of Money, for Payment of his Debts.

And the same, being twice read, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and is, as followeth:

Press 5. L. 38. Leave out " not."

Ordered, That the Lord C do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendment.

The House took into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising Money, for Payment of the Debts of Thomas Esquire, by Sale, or Mortgage, of some Part of his Estate, and for the better Execution of several Powers in his Marriage Settlement.

And the same, being twice read, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; vis.

Pr. 1. L. 7th, For " Herbert," read " L. 9. For " her," read " their then."

Pr. 2. L. 31. For " Wares," read " Wards."

Pr. 5. L. 35. After " Spinster," read " Hatcher."

9. L. 3d. After " Son," insert, " of his Body to be " begotten on the Body of any such Wife, as the shall " hereafter marry."

Press 13. L. 7. Leave out " recited."

Ordered, That Mr. Ogle do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable John Green, of Ga in the County of

Southampton, Clerk, to sell some Estates in , in

the County of Wilts, and for the settling other Estates in Gavcllacre, in the County of Southampton, of a better Value, to the same Uses, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass. Ordered, That Mr. Jervoice do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, with an Amendment; to which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

'she House proceeded upon the Reports from the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Esquire, was referred.

And the Report, upon the Petition of Sir Patrick Dun, Knight, and Doctor Gumming, late Physicians, Tho.

' Proby, Master Surgeon, John Purvis, Surgeon, and other Officers, employed in the fixed and moving Hospitals, for the sick and wounded, during the late War in Ireland, was read, and is, as followeth; viz.

That the Committee having taken into Consideration . the said Petition, and examined several Persons, touching the Allegations therein contained, the better to enable the Committee to state the Fact to the House;

It appeared to the Committee, by several Commissions,

1 and Warrants, signed by the late King William, that the Petitioners were employed, according to their several ' Stations, in the said Hospitals, till the reduction of Ireland.

That the Petitioners did state their Accounts before Sir 1 William Robinson, and the other Commissioners, constituted for that Purpose by their late Majesties; and that the said Commissioners did give Certificates to the several 1 Persons following, for their several Arrears;

I. s. d.

DuetoSir Patrick Dun, Knight, One of the" g g g Physicians attending the said Hospitals j

To Dr. Cumming, another of the Physicians 394 0 o

To Thomas Proby, Master Surgeon to the) c

Hospital.....j 20b JO o

To Mr. Purvis, Master Surgeon - - - 178 10 o

Th Mr. Chetzcynd, Master Apothecary - 142 8 o

To Mr. Cha. Chambers, Apothecary - - 76 14 0

To Mr. William Budden, Surgeon's Mate 48 15 o To Mr. Wm. Hamilton,- Surgeon's Mate 47 8 0

To Mr. John Olty, Surgeon's Mate - - 43 4 6

To Mr. Peter lloscoe, Surgeon's Mate - 48 18 o

To Nath. Boyce, Clerk to the said Hospital 121 3 o

Amounting in the whole to

I. i,74G 6 8

That Sir William Robinson, and Mr. Palmer, Two of thte said Commissioners, being called in, and examined, did attest the Truth of the several Debts above mentioned; and that they did state their Accounts, pursuant to the Establishments (which were also produced to the Committee) and acknowledged their Hand-writing, to the said Petitioner's Certificates; and did also attest the Hand-writing of the other Commissioners.

As to the Debt, claimed by Robert Rraman, and James Temple, Surgeons, and James Tindall, Apothecary, the Committee could not proceed upon them, they not producing Vouchers, to justify their Demands.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Report be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Musters, and for the better Payment of the Army; and Quarters, is committed.

The Report, upon the Petition of Mr. alias Irish

Stawell, was read, and is, as followeth; -Arrears;

That it appeared to the Committee, that Mr. Stawell, deceased, the Petitioner's Father, did, in the Years 1690 and 1691, by the Direction of the Earl of provide several Utensils for the Train bf Artillery;

1978 Shovels, at 2 . each; and 187 Pick-axes, at Aid. per Pound; amounting to the Sum of 257/. 16$. 6 d.

That the said Utensils were for the immediate and necessary Service, being provided in lieu of those destroyed by Colonel

That the Truth of every Particular did appear to the Committee, by a Certificate from Sir Wm. Robinson, as also by another Certificate under the Hand of the- Earl of Athlone-, wherein his Lordship did certify, that the above-mentioned Utensils of War were made and delivered by Mr. Wm. Stawell, for their Majesties Use; what at that time was absolutely necessary for carrying on their Service, there being none elsewhere to be procured, and without which they could not have besieged either Limerick, or Athlone.

That it likewise appeared by the said Sir Wm. Robinsons Certificate, that no Part of the said Sum of 257/. 16$. Gd. had been paid.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Report be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Musters, and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters, is committed.

The Report, upon the Petition of Captain Godfrey Irish Richards, was read, and is, as followeth; viz. Arrtar *

That it appeared to the Committee, that, in the Year 1689, the Petitioner was, by Commission from the late Duke Schonberg, appointed Purveyor of the Train of Artillery in Ireland; where he did provide great Quantities of Corn, Hay, Straw, and other Necessaries, for the Service of the Train, during thjt Time; and that, at the End of the W'ar, there was due to several Persons for the said Necessaries, which he had provided for their Majesties Service, great Sums of Money, for which the Petitioner was prosecuted, both in England and Ireland, and sued to

Judgment in several great Actions, and executed upon the Petitioner.

That it also appeared to the Committee, that the Petitioner's Accounts have been examined and adjusted, not only by the Commissioners for stating the publick Accounts in Ireland, but also by the Commissioners of the 1 /

Revenue, and allowed by the Lords of the Privy Council of that Kingdom; and there did appear to be due to the Petitioner the Sum of 4,892/. 4 s. 11

That Sir William Robinson, One of the Commissioners, w'bo stated the said Account, being called in, and examined, owned the said Account.

That

Booth's Premises let to

Government,

3 Ann\

I90 Februarii.

That it appeared also to the Committee, that, upon the Petitioner's Application to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, in the Year 1697, their Lordships were pleased to refer the Consideration of the Matter to the then Lords Justices of Ireland, the said Lords of the Treasury, in their Letter to the Lords Justices, dated the 12th of August, 1697, desiring, the Lords Justices will be pleased to consider the Petitioner's Case, and to certify to their Lordships a true State thereof.

Upon the Receipt of which Letter, the said Lords Justices, by their Order, dated the 3d of December, 1697, directed to the Auditor-general and the Deputy Receiver-general of Ireland, requiring them to examine and make Search in the Books of Entries, and Accounts, which did belong to the late Commissioners, and compare the said Copies with the Entries thereof, and certify to the said Lords Justices, whether the same be true Duplicates of such Accounts.

That, in Obedience to the said Order, the said Auditor-general and Receiver-general of Ireland did examine the Petitioner's said Accounts, and on the 30th Day of January, 169'-, did certify, under their Hands, to the Lords Justices, that they had examined' and compared the said Accounts, transmitted to them, and did find the same to agree, in every Particular, with the original Entry thereof in the said Books.

That Sir JVni. Robinson, who was then Deputy Receiver-general in Ireland, being examined by the said Committee, owned the same, and his Hand-writing to the said Certificate.

That it also appeared to the Committee, by the Answer of the Lords Justices of Ireland, viz. the Earl of I Vinton, and the Earl of Gallway,dated the 20th of January, lf'QF, to the said Letter of Reference of the Lords of the Treasury in England,that the said Lords Justices had

caused the Copy of the Petitioner's Accounts to be examined and compared with the Entries, remaining in the Books of the late Commissioners of Accounts, with which the said Copy is found to agree.

That the Letter of the Lords of the Treasury in England, to the Lords Justices in Ireland, being examined, and proved by the Books of the Treasury;

The original Report, or Certificate, of the Auditor-general and Deputy Receiver-general of Ireland; and,

The original Letter of the Lords Justices of Ireland, in Answer to the said Letter of the Lords of the Treasury of England, were produced to the Committee.

That, upon the whole Matter, the Committee find, that the Petitioner hath fully proved the Allegations contained in his Petition; and that there is justly due to him the Sum of 4,892/. 4$. 114 -d.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Report he referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Musters, and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters, is committed.

The Report, upon the Petition of Nathanicll Booth, Esquire, was read, and is, as followeth; viz.

That the Committee having taken into Consideration the Allegations contained in the said Petition, it appeared, that the late Duke of Schomberg, by a Warrant under his Hand, dated the 29th Day of July, 1689, directed to the Mayor and Slier id's of the City of Chester, did require the said Mayor and Sheriffs to appoint a convenient Place for the Reception of the sick and wounded Soldiers, brought over from the Camp in Ireland.

Pursuant to which said Warrant, the said Mayor and Sheriffs, by the Advice of the Doctors and Surgeons, did appoint and take a large House, belonging to the Petitioner, called the Grey Fryers, situate in the said City of Chester, for the Use of the Soldiers; and that the said ilouse, and Ground thereto belonging, was made use of for the publick Service, as an Hospital for the said sick Soldiers, for several Years, as appeared by a Certificate under the Hands of the said Mayor and Sheriffs, dated the 21st of January, 1691.

That, upon a Reference of the Petitioner's Case to V o l. 14.

537

Mr. Fo.v, Paymaster-general of the Army In Ireland, the said Paymaster did report, that it was but reasonable, that the Petitioner should have Satisfaction for the Use of his Said House, during the time it was employed in their late Majesties Service, and for the Damages done thereto; which Damages, together with Three Years Rent (dieTime the House was employed in the publick Service) amounts to 419 /. 11 s. yd.as by the said particular Disbursements, and the Rent for the aforesaid Time, doth appear.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Report be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Musters, and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters, is committed.

The Report, upon the Petition of Colonel John Michel- Irish burn, was read, and is as followeth, viz. Arrears,

That the Committee having taken into their Consideration the said Petition, it appeared to the Committee, that the Petitioner was, by Commission from his late Majesty King William, dated 12 August, t tiqo, appointed a Colonel of a Regiment; in which Commission his said Majesty did direct, that the Petitioner Colonel should

take Place, as if his Commission bore Date the 10th of March 1688, being the Day the Petitioner first had that Command.

That the Petitioner Colonel Mitchelburne marched with his Regiment into the Town of Londonderry in April, before the Siege, w here he continued with his Regiment, iu Defence of the said Place, till the Death of Colonel Baker-, after whose Death, the Petitioner was chosen by the whole Garrison Governor and Commander in Chief,-with Doctor Walker-, the said Colonel Mitchelburne performing all the Duties, during the whole Siege, having all the Charge of the military Part, and defended the City to the last Extremity, until relieved by Major-general Kirk.

That, upon Major-general Kirk's coming into the Town, the Petitioner drew out the Garrison; and the said Major-general did muster the Petitioner's Regiment, and by a Warrant under his Hand, dated the 3d of August,

1689, appointed the Petitioner sole Governor of the said City, and Colonel of the said Regiment, until his late Majesty's Pleasure should be further known.

That it also appeared to the Committee, by his late Majesty's Royal Letter, under his Sign manual, dated 16th August 1089, directed to Geo. Walker, and Michel-burne. Governors of Londonderry, graciously acknowledging the eminent and extraordinary Services performed by them (as his Majesty was pleased to express it,) in the resolute and unparalleled Defence of the said Town; and therein promising a just Retribution, as well to the Commanders in Chief (who had been the happy Instruments, under God, of that Deliverance) as others, who signalized their Loyalty, Courage, and Patience, in that Time of Tryal; and that his Majesty would recompense their said Service and Sufferings.

That it appeared to the Committee, that there] £. s. d. remains due to the Petitioner, for his I

Pay, as Governor of Londonderry, at 20 per Diem, during the Time he commanded there, the Sum of -

Also Three Months Pay, due at the Time he quitted the Irish Service, and marched into Derry -His Pay as Major and Captain of Dragoons, from the 5th February, 1688, to the 10th of March following, being Thirty-two Days, at 14,?. 9 d. per Diem Also his Pay as Colonel and Captain of Foot, from the 10th March, 1688, to the First of January, 1689, being 297 Days, at 245. per Diem, and Servants Also due to him for several Disbursements,'! which, as he alleged, he paid out of his] own Pocket, but no Vouchers were pro- 211 duced to the Committee, to prove these I

Total

6 U

992 o o

20 5 o

23 12 O

356 8 o

11 6

Disbursements

10 b

That

Army Debt.

558 190 Februarii.' A. 1704.

That it also appeared to the Committee, by the Journal of this House, that in the Year 1698, upon the Petition of the said Colonel Mitchclburnto the House of Commons, they did address his late Majesty King William on the behalf of the said Colonel Michethe late Governor, and the Garrison of London-deny; setting forth their Services, and Sutfcrings; and that as the Governor, and Garrison who had willingly exposed themselves, and their all, for the publick Interest and Service, and who, through the utmost Sufferings and Extremities, defended the same, deserved to have so signal a Service taken into Consideration; and praying, that, in Consideration of the Premises, his Majesty would be graciously pleased to make some Compensation to the said Governor and Garrison, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as his Majesty, in his princely Wisdom, should think fit.

That upon presenting the said Address to his Majesty, his Majesty was pleised to answer, That he would take them into his Consideration, according to the Desire of the House.

But it did not appear to the Committee, that the Petitioner had received any Manner of Satisfaction, Recompence, or Reward.

That it appeared to the Committee, that the Petitioner, by reason of several great Losses, having his Houses in Londonderry during the Siege burnt down, and his Im: provements destroyed, to a considerable Value, is reduced to a necessitous Condition, being now a Prisoner in the Fleet for great Sums of Money.

That upon the whole Matter, the Committee do find, that the Petitioner hath fully made out the Allegations

contained.....and that there... justly due to him the

Sum of 1,603/. 16 5. 6d.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Report be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Musters, and for the ... Payment of the Army, and Quarters, is committed.

The Report upon the Petition of Charles Angebaud, was read, and is as followeth;

That the Committee having taken into Consideration the said Petition, and examined several Persons, to the End they might more fully state the Fact, to the House;

It appeared, that the Petitioner, was, by Commission from his late Majesty King William, dated the 20th of April, 1689, appointed Apothecary-general to the Army in Ireland; by which Commission the Petitioner was directed to furnish the several Regiments of the Army with Medicines, and from time to time to observe such Orders and Directions, as he should receive from his superior Officers, according to the Rules and Discipline of War,

That in pursuance thereof, the Petitioner went into. Ireland, and applied himself to the said Service.

That, by Contract, the Petitioner was to furnish Medicines, at 3d. a Day for wounded, and a Day for sick, Soldiers.

That it appeared to the Committee, by the Hospital Books, as also by a Certificate from the Physician-general, that there was due to the Petitioner, for Medicines to the sick and wounded in the Army, the Sum of 489/.

11 s. 8 d.

That by a Warrant from his said late Majesty, dated the 29th Day of August, 1689, directed to Mr. then Treasurer and Paymaster-general of the Army in Ireland, he the said Mr. Harbord was thereby directed, upon receiving a Certificate from the Physician-general, Surgeon, and Apothecary, of his Majesty's said Hospital, of the Day of the Admittance of such sick or wounded Soldier into the said Hospital, to stop and retain in his Hands the full Subsistence of such private Soldier of Foot, and One-half of the full Pay of each private Soldier and Non-commission Officer of Horse, during their Stay, to be applied towards the Support of the said Hospital; whereof 3d.a Day for each wounded Soldier, and 2d. a. Day for each sick Soldier, the said Paymaster-general was directed to pay to the Apothecary-general, for providing external and internal Medicines.

That it likewise appeared to the Committee by the Testimony of Sir /Fin. Robin.son, late Deputy Receiver-general of Ireland, who being called in, and examined, acquainted the Committee, that the said Money was stopped out of the Pay of the sick and w ounded Soldiers; and further said, that, upon searching the Books of the said Paymaster-general, he did not find, there was any Moneys paid, during the War in Ireland, or afterwards, to the Petitioner, for or on Account of his being Apothecary-general to the Hospital, or for any Medicines by him furnished to the Army there.

That it also appeared to the Committee, by TwoCer-ficates under the Hands of Mr. Moody and Mr. Bythcll,

Deputies to Mr. Brydges and Mr. Edu ard Harley, Auditors of the Imprests, who certified, that upon searching into the Accounts of William Harbord, Esquire, late Paymaster-general of the Forces in Ireland, as also into the Accounts of the succeeding Paymasters, passed in their Office, they do not find any Sums of Money therein allow ed, as paid to Mr. Angebaud for, or upon account of, any Medicines by him furnished to the Hospitals in Ireland.

That about June last the Petitioner made Application to the late Commissioners appointed by Act of Parliament, for stating the Accounts of the Army, in order to obtain Relief; but though the said Commissioners had no Objection to the Justness of his Debt, yet, conceiving, they were not impowered by Act of Parliament to relieve him, nothing was done thereupon.

That, upon the whole Matter, the Committee do find, that the Petitioner hath fully made out the Allegations contained in his said Petition, and they find, there is justly due to him the Sum of 489/. 11 s. 8

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Report be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Musters, and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters, is committed.

The Report upon the Petition of Colonel Rice, was Col. Rice' read, and is, as followeth; viz.Claiuis.

That the Committee having taken into Consideration the Petition of the said Colonel Rice, it appeared to them, upon the Testimony of Sir Wm.Robinson, then Deputy Paymaster-general of the Army in Ireland, that, at the Surrender of Limerick,the 3d Day of October 1691, upon the publick Faith and Encouragement then given him by the Lords Justices of Ireland, and the General of their late Majesties Army in that Kingdom, of being received and entertained in their said late Majesties Service, with his Regiment of Horse, and to he entertained and kept on foot with the same, and paid according to tire English "Establishment, so long as their Majesties kept any Regiments in their Service, did thereupon join their said late [Majesties Army with his said Regiment of Horse, and was accordingly received, and mustered, and had Winter Quarters assigned him, and [Money, Provision, and Forage, given him, as to other English Regiments, and continued so in the said Service, from the said Surrender of Limerick, to the last Day of January following; at which time he and the said Regiment were broke by Brigadier Villiei's, by Orders of the Lords Justices of Ireland, and their Horses, Arms, and Accoutrements, taken from them, for their said late Majesties Use, for recruiting other Regiments, as by a Certificate, under the Hand of the said Brigadier Villiers, and testified by the said Sir William Robinson, further appears, and is in these Words following; viz.

" By the Right Honourable Colonel Fitzgerald

"liers, Brigadier-general of their Majesties Forces,

"and One of their Majesties most honourable Privy " Council of Ireland:

" I do hereby certify, that, pursuant to a Commission <c from the Lords Justices oi Ireland to that Purpose, I have " this Day disbanded Colonel John Rice, with the Regiment of Horse under his Command; and, for their " Majesties Service, have seized 53 choice Geldings and " Mares, of the said Colonel Rice's Property, with their " Accoutrements, worth 20/. a-piece oue with another,

13 " which

♦ ‘

3 Ann. 190 Februarii. 539

" which composed his Troop. And 1 do farther certify,

" that, upon this Occasion, the said Colonel and the Officers under his Command, did shew all due Obe-

" dience and loyalty to their Majesties, and particularly

" the said Colonel Rice, by his exemplary taking the

" Oath of Allegiance, thereby obliging the said Regi-

" merit to do the like; at the same time exhorting the m,

" publickly, to continue stcdl'ast in the Loyalty they then

" prolessed, and that he did not doubt, but their Majes-

" ties would provide for them: So that he left nothing

" undone for their Majesties Service in that behalf, which

" may entitle him to their Majesties particular Favour,

" as a Man of Honour, Conduct, and Loyalty; all

" which I cannot, without Injustice to hiui, omit to certify, this last Day of January, 1691.

That it also appeared to the Committee, that the Petitioner, Colonel Rice, did make Application to the Lords Justices of Ireland,to have his Accounts stated and examined, and the Arrears of Pay, due to him for his said Regiment, certified; and obtained their Excellencies Order, directed to the Commissioners for stating the Accounts of the Army, commanding them forthwith to state the Accounts of the said Regiment, and certify to their Excellencies, what Arrears of Pay remained due to them; a Copy of which Order being produced to the said Sir JVm.Robinson by the Committee, he testified the same to be true, he being One of the said Commissioners of Accounts, to whom the same was directed, the original Order being kept by him, and his fellow Commissioners. In Obedience to which Order the said Commissioners did examine, state, and balance, the Accounts of the said Regiment, and certified, there was due to them, for Arrears of Pay, the Sum of 8,11 o /. 17 d. as appeared to the Committee by the original Account, stated under the Hands of the said Commissioners; and the said Sir William Robinson owned the said Account to be examined, stated, and balanced, by him, and the test of his fellow Commissioners, and owned his own Hand-writing, or Signature, to the Certificate at the Foot of the said Account, and testified the Hand-writing of the other Commissioners to the same; which Certificate is in these Words; viz.

" By the Commissioners for stating the Accounts of " the Army.

" The above Account is stated and examined by us, " pursuant to an Order from their Excellencies the " Lords Justices of Ireland, bearing Date the 9th Day " of November last; and the Balance appearing to be " due to the said Regiment, for the Time above-mentioned, is 8,110/. 175. 6d. which we do certify this " 4th Day of December, 1696.

" JVm. Robinson,

" Edzc. Corker,

" Will.

" JVm. Palma\"

That a Duplicate of which Account was produced to the Committee out of the Auditor-general's Office in Ireland, and proved by the said Sir JVm. Robinson, with the following Words at the Foot of the said last mentioned Certificate; viz.

" The aforesaid is a true Copy of the said Regiment's " Accounts, as it is entered in the Books of the late Commissioners of Accounts, now remaining in my Office."

" Cha. D Auditor-general."

That it likewise appeared to the Committee, that the Petitioner, Colonel Rice, perceiving his Captains very diffident of being performed with, and well treated in the English Service, and that great Endeavours were used by General Sarsfeild, otherwise called Earl of Lucan, to carry them into the Enemy's Service; for Prevention whereof, the said Colonel was necessitated, on

bringing in his said Regiment into their said late Majesties Service, to agree with them, and oblige himself in a Bond of Ten thousand Pounds Sterling to the said Captains, to pay them, and their several subaltern Commission and Non-commissioned Officers, and Soldiers, their full Vol. 14.

Pay, according to the English Establishment, and also pay them the Value of their several Troops, Horses, Arms, and Accoutrements, if taken from them, and also save them harmless from any Losses that might happen to them, for or by reason of their staying with him, and entering into their Majesties Service, as aforesaid, or for the Non-performance of the said publick Faith given them. In pursuance of which Agreement, and in Discharge of the said Bond, the said Colonel Rice did actually pay them their full Pay, according to the English Establishment; and did also pay them for their several Troops, Horses, Arms, and Accoutrements, the Horses, Arms and Accoutrements of each of the said Captain's Troops, being valued at 900l. the Troop; which the said Colonel Rice, upon a Reference between him and the said Captains, and by the Mediation of some Friends, did agree and compound with the said Captains for half the Value aforesaid, being 450/. a Troop, paid to each of the Five Captains of the said Regiment, the Colonel's own Troop being valued by the said Brigadier Villiers at 1,060/. Sterling; as appeared to the Committee, as well by the foregoing Certificate of the said Brigadier's, and by the said Bona, cancelled, as also by an instrument in Writing, under the Handa and Seals of the said Captains, owning the Receipt of their Pay, and Value of their Horses, and impowering the said Colonel Rice to put in for, recover, and receive, the same, to Isis own Use; which said cancelled Bond, and Instrument in Writing, together with the Matters of Fact aforesaid, were attested by Mr. Mully, heretofore Agent to the said Regiment, and One of the Arbitrators, or Referrees, between the said Colonel Rice and his said Captains, and well acquainted with their Handwriting, and the Proceedings aforesaid.

That it likewise appeared to the Committee, that the Petitioner, Colonel Rice, did apply himself to the late Commissioners, appointed by Act of Parliament to examine, balance, and determine, the Debts, due to the Army, Navy, <§r. to have his Accounts stated; which they refused to do, conceiving, they, had not Power by the said Act so to do, alleging, the Petitioner's Regiment was not upon the Establishment, although he produced to them Sir Edward Northey, her Majesty's Attorney-general, his Opinion in Writing, under his Hand, on the State of his Case, with this Queere at the Foot of it;

" Quare, Whether the Arrears of Pay, due to the " said Colonel Rice, for serving with his Regiment in his Majesty's Army, and stated and allowed by the Commissioners of Accounts in Ireland, pursuant to the " Order of the Lords Justices of that Kingdom, be such " Debts due to the Army, as the Commissioners, appointed by the said Act, can take, state, balance, " examine, and determiner"

Whereupon the said Sir Edward Northey delivered his Opinion in these Words following, viz.

" I cannot see how this comes to be a Question: For " the Intent of the Act seems to be plain, to have the " Accounts of all the Officers of his Majesty's Army, " or Land Forces, wheresoever they were, to be stated, " balanced, and determined; and the Commissioners are " constituted, by express Words, to state the Accounts " of them, whether in England, Ireland, or elsewhere, " at any time after his Majesty's Accession to the Throne, " before the 24th of December, 1699; and, on perusing " the Act, I cannot find, that general Power is restrained: Therefore, if Colonel Rice was received into " his Majesty's Service, and continued so, as stated in the Case, and appears by the Papers annexed, his " Accounts must be stated by the Commissioners, by " virtue of the said late Act.

" 21 June, 1700. " Northey."

Which said Application, and Matters of Fact, were testified to the Committee by Geo. Langlon, Esquire, One of the Commissioners of Accounts aforesaid; who confessed, they had no other Objection to make to the said Colonel liices Accounts, laid before them, but that they were of Judgment, his Regiment was not upon the

Establishment,

Col. Rice's Claims.

54® 10° Februarii. . 1704.

Establishment, and therefore could not certify concerning the m; being the final Resolution of the said Commis-» sinners, delivered to the said Colonel after the End of the last Sessions of Parliament.

That it appeared to the Committee, upon perusing the late Act of Parliament, impowering the said Commissioners to take, state, balance, and determine, the Debts, due to the Army, &c. as well by the foregoing Opinion of the said Sir Edward upon the same,

as also for that the said Regiment, as afore set forth, was invited and received into the Service of England, upon the same foot with the English Regiments, and there being mustered, and Advance-money paid, and Winter Quarters assigned them, as to other Regiments of the English Army, that they were upon the English Establishment, as well as any other Regiments: And the Matters of Fact aforesaid appeared the more plain to the Committee, in regard it w as affirmed by the said Sir . Robinson, that if the said Regiment had not been in Pay, and on the Establishment, the Government could not have taken away their Horses, and Accoutrements, which they might have sold, and converted to their own Use, as well as others of the Irish Army did, that stayed at Home, and did not enter into the Service.

That it also appeared to the Committee, by the Testimony of the said Sir William Robinson, that it was looked upon as an extraordinary Piece of Service to their Majesties, and the Publick, the Petitioner's bringing in

his Regiment into their Majesties Service, and preventing their and other Regiments going into the Enemy's Service; and the Petitioner, Colonel Rice, affirms, that Lieutenant-general Lumleywas One of the Persons, employed to give the publick Faith, and Encouragement aforesaid, to such Troops of the Army, as would reject going into France, and take Service under their late Majesties, upon the Surrender of Limerick, as aforesaid.

That it likewise appeared to the Committee, that the said Colonel Rice's paying his said Captains their full

Pay', and the Value of their Horses, Arms, and Accoutrements, as aforesaid, has plunged him in several great Debts, for which he pays 10/. perCent. Interest, and reduced him, and his Family, to a necessitous Condition.

And that, upon the whole Matter, it appears to the Committee, that the Petitioner, Colonel hath fully and clearly proved and made out all the Allegations, set forth and contained in his Petition; and that there is justly due to him the Sum of 8,110/. 17$. over and above the Value of his own, and the other Captains, Troop Horses, as aforesaid; and, upon Consideration of the extraordinary Services performed by the Petitioner, in Manner as aforesaid, without any Compensation made him, it appeared to the Committee, that the Petitioner's. Case is singular, and unparalleled, as in his Petition is set forth.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to w hom the Bill, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Musters, and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters, is committed.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John and Sir Robert Legat'd:

Mr. Speaker,

Warburton The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Estate. to enable Sir George fBaronet, to sell the Manor or Lordship of Pin the County of to perform an Agreement, made upon his Marriage, for Payment of several Portions charged upon his Estate, and also to pay some Debts, which his Father had Power to charge, with an Amendment; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House:

Halt'# Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An

Lvute. Act for Sale of the Estate of Richard Ball, in Little Jpjtulby, and Great Apin the Counties of Derby

and Leicester, and for laying out so much of the Money, as will purchase another Estate of equal Value, to be

settled to the same Uses, and the Resi due in making Provision for younger Children, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill, for continuing Duties upon low Supply Rill; Wines, and upon Coffee, Tea, Chocolate, Spices, and Low \Viue . Pictures, and upon Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, and upon Muslins, and for granting new Duties upon several of the said Commodities, and also upon Callicoes, China-w ares, and Drugs, w as read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, touching Ships already arrived in Ports:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks filled up: And then the Clause was read the Third time, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Several Amendments were severally proposed to be made; viz.

Press 2. L. 27. to leave out " Four," and " insert.

Six," instead thereof.

Pr. 8. L. 25. after " respectively" to insert, " as the " like respective Duties."

L. 33. to leave out " the whole additional Duties " by this Act granted," and instead thereof insert, " so " much as shall have been paid for the same, for such " of the said Duties, as are by this Act to commence " from the said First Day of February, 1704."

L. 38. to leave out " Coffee," and insert, " these " Commodities respectively," instead thereof.

Pr. 11. L (i. after "China" to insert, " or Japan. "

And the same w ere, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the 'Fable accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for continuing Duties upon low Wines, and upon Coffee, Tea, Chocolate, Spices, and Pictures, and upon Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, and upon Muslins, and for granting new Duties upon several of the said Commodities, and also upon Callicoes, China-ware, anil Drugs.

Ordered, That Air. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re- Supply Bill; solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Subsidy on ' Bill, for granting to her Majesty a further Subsidy on Wines Wines, and Merchandizes imported, and a new Duty on such India Goods, prohibited to he worn in England, as shall be exported for Ireland, or her Majesty's Plantations;

A Petition of Benjamin He ns!taw, Merchant, in behalf Ditto, of himself, and the rest of the Owners of the Her Frigate, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth that the said Frigate is laden with several East India Goods, upop which there is a Bill depending in the House, for laying divers new Duties, to commence from the F'irst of this instant February: That the said Frigate was chased into Limerick by a French Privateer, of 2(3 Guns, and 200 Men, on the 15th of July last, whom she fought Tw o Hours, hut has lain there ever since, until the 31st of January last, not daring to stir, for want of Convoy, and arrived at Plymouth the Gth Instant, under Convoy: And praying that the Cargo in the said Frigate may he exempted from the said new Duties, as if tiiey had arrived in any Port in England before the said First of February.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is commuted.

A Petition of the Planters, and Traders to the Island uitU) of Jamaica, was presented to the 1 louse, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners are informed, there is a Bill in the House, for laying: Duty (inter at) of One Shilling per Cent, on alt Mas ax ado Sugars, imported from the Plantations: That the Dutiis, already laid thereon, are very heavy, by reason of their great Losses sustained by Earthquakes, Eire, Invasions by the French, and the-many Ships taken by the Enemy: And praying, that the intended new additional Duties on Sugars may -be excepted out of the said Bill.

3 Ann. 19° — ao° Febrtiarti, 341

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to impower the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, to compound such Bonds, as have been given for Goods imported, where the Principals, or their Sureties, are not able to pay the same.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do regulate the Price of Iron, imported from Ireland;

' It passed in the Negative.

Then the House (according to Order) resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Sjieaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House w ill please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Morning next.

Prohibiting Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Commerce whole House, to whom the Bill, for prohibiting all Trade with trance. and Commerce with France, was committed, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mari is, 20° die;

3° Annas Regina.

Praters.

Payment of A B1 L L, for Payment of several Annuities to the Per-

Annuiues. il sons within mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for the Relief of Fulke Ernes, Gentleman, and others, who had elapsed their Times, either for paying their Money, or naming their Nominees, for purchasing Annuities; and also for Relief of Sir John Mead, Knight and Baronet, who had elapsed his Time for paying Part of his Purchase-money for a forfeited Estate in Ireland', and also for Relief of Dorothy Ireland, and others, in respect of several Tickets for Payment of Annuities, and of several Million Lottery and Malt Lottery Tickets, and Exchequer Bills, and Debentures to the Army, which have been burnt, or lost.

Ordered, That Sir Dudley Cullum do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Girardet' , Mr. Edward Foley reported from the Committee, to he. Nat. whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An

-Act to naturalize Andrew alias

D'ancis Buzclin, and others, w as committed; that they had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which lie read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon' the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are, as follow; viz.

Press 1. L. n. after " Poland' insert " Peter Desit ter, " Son of Peter Desitter, by Agatha his Wife, born at " Amsterdam, in Holland; John James Cext, Son of " Cext, by his Wife, born in the Province of " Languedoc, in France."

L. 25. after " Felkirzamb" insert " Peter " John James Cext."

L. 38. The same Amendment.

Vol. i4.

Pr. 2. L. 23. The same Amendment;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Warlurton's ' Amendment, made by the Loids, to the Bill, intituled, Estate.

An Act to enable Sir George lVarburtoBaronet, to sell'

the Manor or Lordship of P afford,in the County of Chester, to perform an Agreement, made upon his Marriage, for Payment of several Portions charged upon his Estate, and also to pay some Debts, which his Father had Pow-or to charge.

And the same, being twice read, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, and is, as followeth; viz.

Press 2. L. 38. After " John" for " read

" Weyborowd

Ordered, That Sir John Mordant do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendment.

Sir Robert Davers reported from the Committee, to Cridin'g whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Estate.

Act for enabling Trustees to make Leases of Part of the Manor of Dingley, and Lands there, for Payment of the

Debts of James Griffin, Esquire, and raising Portions for younger Children, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bid, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; und that the Committee had made an Amendment to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; Rud is, as follow eth; via.

Press 3. L last, after " Griffin" leave outto "saving," in Press 4th, L.' 1 ith, and instead thereof insert Clause A;

" That, upon Sale, or Demise, of any Lands or Hereditaments, by virtue of the Act (otherwise than what is " by way of Mortgage to Robert Hatton, Esquire) the " mortgaged Premises to Mr. Hatton shall not be burthened with the said Annuity, or any the Arrears thereof by reason of any Sum of Money to be raised, or " borrowed, by such Sale, or Demise, but that so much " of the said Annuity shall cease, as the yearly Rent of " the Lands to be sold, or demised, shall amount unto."

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Pr. 2. L. 10th, after " whereas,"leave out to ‘ that," in L. 25th, and instead thereof insert, " your Suppliant " afterwards entered upon the said Premises, upon Account of his said Annuity, and became involved in " many expensive Suits, to maintain his Right thereto,

" which, with other Sums owing to your Suppliant " from his said Father, occasioned him to contract a " Debt of 3,000l. for Security whereof, he mortgaged " his said Annuity, and Lands, limited in Jointure to his " Wife."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Petition of Henry Baker was presented to the House, petition for and read; setting forth, that, in Obedience to the Com- re-delivery mands of the late Commissioners of Accounts for the of certain Kingdom, the Petitioner did deliver to Mr. King, their PaPers-Secretary, all his Accounts of Receipts and Payments, since he acted as Solicitor of the Treasury, with his Vouchers, and other Papers, relating to the same, which are of great Concern to the Petitioner; Part whereof he hath received back, and the other Part has been delivered to Mr. Jodrell, the Clerk of this House: And praying, that his Books, Vouchers, and Papers, may be delivered to him.

Ordered, That such Vouchers and original Papers, as were by him delivered in to the Commissioners for stating the publick Accounts, as are in the Hands of the Clerk ol this House, be re-delivered to the Petitioner, by a Schedule, he giving a Receipt for the same.

6 X A Petition

Iota's

Bankruptcy.

Proceedings

of Commissioners of Accounts

Correspondence with Enemies.

Earl of Burlington and Cork's Estate.

Green's

Estate

v

54a 20° Februariu A. 1704.

A Petition of the Merchants, Tradesmen, Clothiers, and others. Creditors of Thomas Pitkin, late of Linen-draper, on behalf of themselves, and all the rest of the said Pitkin's Creditors, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that on Friday, the 9th Instant, the said Pitkin withdrew himself from his House in King-street, London, having within Nine Months last,

by a fraudulent Contrivance between him and other Persons, obtained a Credit from the Petitioners, and others, amounting to above 70,000 /. of which 20,000 /. is in the Woollen Manufactory, with a Design to cheat his Creditors; and he, and his Confederates, have so concealed the said Goods, that, although great Rewards have been published in the Gazette, and all Endeavours used by virtue of a Commission of Bankrupt against Pitkin, yet no considerable Discovery can he obtained; without which, many of the Petitioners will be rendered Incapable of maintaining their Families, and some of them utterly ruined, for that the Laws, now in force, have not provided sufficient Remedies for the Discovery of Frauds of this Kind: And praying, that the said v Pitkin, and his Confederates, may be obliged to make a full Discovery of his Goods and Effects, and to deliver up the same, towards Satisfaction of the great Debts due to the Petitioners, and toe rest of lus Creditors, under such Penalties, and in such Manner, as shall be thought most proper.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to consider of some Means to prevent the Prejudice, that happens to Trade by toe fraudulent breaking of Traders, and for punishing the same:

And it is referred to Sir Gilbert Heathcote, Sir Humph. Mackworth, Sir Jos.Jekull, Mr. Colonel Colchester, Mr. Smith, Sir Fra. Massam, Sir Dudley Cullum, Mr. Aislaby, Sir Win.St. Quintin, Sir Robert Davtrs, Sir Isaac Rebow, Mr. Herne, Mr. Sir Tho. Cook, Sir

John Fleet, Sir Math. Dudley, Sir Wm. Drake, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Snell, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Compton, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Craggs, Sir Wm. Hustler, Sir Wm. Whitlock, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Papillon; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe, and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Ifye a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee; and that they do consider of the moat effectual Way to relieve the Petitioners.

Ordered, That the Account of toe Proceedings of toe late Commissioners, appointed, and continued, by several Acts, to take, examine, and determine, the Debts, due to the Army, and for Transport Service, and the Account, and Abstract, laid before the House by the said Commissioners, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill, against corresponding with her Majesty's Enemies, was read the Third time.

Rcsotoed, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act to prevent all traiterous Correspondence with her Majesty's Enemies.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor-general do carry the Bill to top Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Message from toe Lords, by Sir John Franklyn, and Sir Robert Legard:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of several Estates in England and Ireland, for Payment of the Debts of Charles late Earl of Burlington and Cork, without any Amendment:

And, that the Lords have also agreed to the Amendment, made by this House to a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable John Green, of Gavellacre, in the County of Southampton, Clerk, to sell some Estates in in the County of Wilts, and for the settling other Estates

in Gavellacre, in the County of Southampton, of a better

Value, to the same Uses.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earl of to enable William Henry Earl of during his Bath's

Minority, to execute his Power of making Leases of Ids Est#t< settled Estate, was (according to Order) read the First time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being pu,t. That the Bill be read a Second time.

It passed in toe Negative.

Mr. Chancellor of the Excheqper acquainted the Hoose, Answer to that their Address having been presented to her Majesty, Andrew, that she would be pleased to direct, that a Survey be made of Whitsand Bay, and Por-dc-nac Point, and an Estimate of the Charge of making an Harbour and Lighthouse there; her Majesty was pleased thereupon to say,

That she will give Directions, that a Survey and Estimate be made, as is desired.

Mr. Bracer (according to Order) reported from the Importing Committee of the whole House, to whom toe Bill, for NavulSwies. importing Naval Stores from the Plantations, was committed, the Amendments, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, (with Amendments to some of them) agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, in- Pecliell's, titoled, An Act for naturalizing Jacob Peehells, Elias c-Landes, Francis Lacroix, and others, be read the Third time, upon Thursday Morning next, in a full House.

A Petition of RhhardTinker, Thomas Burley, Samuel Army Belward, and John Chiswell, in behalf of themselves, and Arrears,

toe rest of the Non-commissioned Officers, and Soldiers, of the Regiment of Foot, lately under toe Command of Colonel Richard Coote, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that 1,233/. 19 1 d.

now lies in the Lord Ranelagh's Office, in Debentures, due to the Petitioners for their Service in Ireland, which, for want of a Letter of Attorney being signed by the Colonel, and Majority of the Captains, to impower a particular Person to take out the same, rest still in his Lordship's Hands: That the Colonel is dead, and all the Captains, except the Lieutenant-colonel, Major, and Five Captains (which is the exact Number required by the Act to impower such a Person) some of which, out of a Pique to some, that served in the said Regiment, refuse to sign such Powers; by which means the Petitioners are deprived of their Arrears, unless the House will admit of a Clause for their Relief: And praying such Relief therein, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the stud Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Musters, and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters, is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to toe said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for the supplying the Defect in the not having Seven Captains to sign toe Powers for receiving the said Money, and for the Petitioners farther Relief.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive Clauses, upon the several Reports to them referred, for the Relief of the Persons named in the said Reports.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Punishing resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon and the Bill, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false etenion-3 Musters,

I Atttf. $o° — 21 ° F543

1

Raising the Militia.

Promissory

Notes.

Prohibiting Commerce with France

Worsop's

titate.

Bishop of

Caiiisle s

Agreement.

Graiiige's

Estate.

Musters, and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters, alter the Report from the Committee of the whole House, of the Bill, for granting to her Majesty a further Subsidy on Wines and Merchandizes imported, and a new Duty on such East India Goods, prohibited to be worn in England, as shall be exported for Ireland, or her Majesty's Plantations.

Resolved, That this Houfs will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for raising the Militia for the Year 1705, although the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid.

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An ct for giving like Remedy upon Promissory Notes, as is now used upon Bills of Exchange, and for the better Payment of Inland Bills of Exchange, be taken into' Consideration upon Thursday. next, at One a Clock;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France, was committed, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Cardonnell, Sir Robert Eden, Mr.

Ellis, Mr. King, Mr. Stanhope, Mr. Mr.

Pigot, Mr. hh-jc/d, Mr. Johnson, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees the Estate, late of Sir T/10. Worsup, Knight, and John Esquire, his

Son, deceased, in Fnisburp-Jitlds, cr to be

sold, for the Payment of their Debts and Legacies, and the Ovei plus-money to be laid out for the purchasing of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of In-‘ heritanoe, in the Kingdom of Ireland, to be settled, as in the Act is particularly mentioned, is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Brett, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Pa-gett, Mr. Harley, Mr. Pynnell, Mr. Bridges, Lord Orrery, Mr. Bcriie, Mr. Benson, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill, for the Confirmation of an Agreement, made between Tho. late Lord Bishop of Carlisle, and Tho. Coke, Esquire, for vesting the Rectory of Mclborne, in the County of Derby, in the said Tho. Coke, and his Heirs, upon Augmentation of the Rents to the Bishop of Carlisle, and of the Stipend to the Vicar of Melborne, is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Winstanley, Sir Walter Yonge, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Thomhagh, Mr. How, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Bere, Mr. Crosse, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, for vesting the Estate of Joseph Grainge, and Eliz. his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold, and to dispose of Part of the Money, arising by such Sale, for the Maintenance of the said Eliz. pursuant to their Marriage Settlement, and apply the Residue to the Payment of the Debts of the said Joseph Grainge, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till To-morra,w Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mcrcurii, 2 V die

3 Annas Regina.

Prate rs.

Recovering A N ingrossed Bill, for continuing an Act, relating Tythes, &c. ,ajL to Wears, Locks, and Carriages, on the River Thames, an Act for more easy Recovery of small Tythes, an Act about Partitions of Lands in Co-parcenary and some Acts about returning of Jurors, was read the Third time.

And several Amendments were proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press a, L. 35. Leave out from " have" to " be" in the 13th L. of tire 3d Press, and read, " not proved

Voj.. 14.

" effectual, by reason bf some Defects in the mid Act}

" for Remedy whereof."

Pr. 3. L. 16. After " Five" insert " during the Continuance of the said Act." /

Pr. 4. L. 17. After " Baiiiff" insert " during the " Continuance of the said Act."

Press 5th, L. 15th. After " Year" insert " during the " Continuance of the said Act."

Pr. 6. L. 19th. Leave out from " Pounds" to " and" in the 30th L. and read, " and every such High Constable, and Tythingman, so offending, shall be prosecuted at the general Assizes, Sessions of Oyer and " Terminer, or general Gaol-delivery, or Sessions of the " Peacej before the Justices thereof, who shall have " Power and Authority to hear and determine."

M..... .

Ordered, That Sir Mathew Dudley do carry the BHl to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Granville reported from the Committee, to whom Bishop rif the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Carlisle's the confirming of an Agreement, made between Thomas Agreement, late Lord Bishop of Carlisle, and Thomas Coke, Esquire, for vesting the Rectory of Melborne, in the County of Derby, in the said Thomas Coke, and his Heirs, upon Augmentation of the Rents to the Bishop of Carlisle, and of the Stipend to the Vicar of Melborne, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made One Amendment to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he rend in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, and is, as followeth; viz.

Press 5. L. 19. Leave out " Thomas," and insert

" William'

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Girardef. % to naturalize Andrew Girardet, alias , Ac. Nat.

Francis Bptzelin, and others, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Foley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House - hath agreed to the Bill, with some Amendments, to which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

A Petition of Joseph Glover, was presented to the Re&n'a House, and read; setting forth, that there is depending Estate, in this House an ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled.

An Act for confirming a Lease, heretofore made of certain Messuages, and Lands, in Epsam, by Sir Joseph Sheldon, and Sir James Edwards, to Humphry Bean, and agreed to be assigned to Sir Thomas Cooke, Knight, and for enabling a Lease of other Lands, adjoining to the same, to be made to him: That the Petitioner had bat lately Notice of the said Bill, and has a Suitiu Chancery depending for Part of the said Premises; and, it the said.

BUI should pass, he is advised, it wall prejudice his Right:

And praying, that he may be heard by Counsel, before the said Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard by his Counsel before the Committee thereupon, if he think fit.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee of the whole Prohibiting House, to whom the Bill, for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France, was committed, the Amendments, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout

[a] The farther Proceeding of the Hoaie upon thi Bill, previous to the Order for tarrying it to the Lord , are not entered in the-Journal.

And

544 21° — 22° Februarii. A. 1704

Bill

on

And the First Amendment being read a Second time, relating to the Commencement of the Bill;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Amendment;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas, } 65.

rr 11 c u xt f Sir Wm. Strickland, 1 ,,

Tellers for the Noes, J Mr po/e. ' j 54-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The rest of the said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, one by one, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, with some Amendments to some of them.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That #

And the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up to the Table;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeaa, {ft } 83-

Teller the N} 85. So it passed in the Negative.

And other Amendments wrere made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Conyers also reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for granting to her Majesty a further Subsidy on Wines and Merchandizes imported, and a new Duty on such East India Goods, prohibited to be w orn in England, as shall be exported for Ireland, or her Majesty's Plantations, was committed, the Amendments, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; saving, that an Amendment being proposed to one of the Amendments, to leave out " and Sugar from the Plantations;"

And the Question being put, That those Words do stand Part of the Amendment;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Teller, for the Yea, } 79-

Tellers for the Noes,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, to exempt Naval Stores, contracted for, from the Duty:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks filled up.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, to enable the Lord Treasurer to compound with, Raymond lloodyes Sureties:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks filled up; and the Clause amended.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be made Part of the Bill;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative:

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That Rice, and Molasses, shall be imported into this Kingdom under the like Penalties, as other Commodities,

Sir Hen. Banbury, Mr. Shadier ley: Sir Math. Dudley, Mr. Lowther:

] 52. ] 42.

mentioned in the several Acts for securing the Plantation Trade, are restrained to be imported hither:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks filled up; and the Clause amended.

And then the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill,

That the Bill shall not extend to Goods imported before a certain Day:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks filled up.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, relating to the taxing of Diamonds:

And the Question being put, that the Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for a Drawback upon Linens:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Punishing Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for punish- Mutiny and ing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Musters, and for Desertion the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Lowndes took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Lowndes reported from the said Committee, that they had made some Progress in the Matters to them referred; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 22 die Februarii;

3 Annas Regime.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Griffin's for enabling Trustees to make Leases of Part of the Eatatt. Manor of Dingley, and Lands there, for Payment of the

Debts of James Griffin, Esquire, and raising Portions for younger Children, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Davers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, with some Amendments; to which they, desire their Lordships Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bishop of for the Confirmation of an Agreement, made between Carlisle's Thomas late Lord Bishop of Carlisle, and Thomas Coke, Agreement. Esquire, for vesting the Rectory of Melborn, in the County of Derby, in the said Thomas Coke, and his Heirs, upon Augmentation of the Rents to the Bishop of Carlisle, and of the Stipend to the Vicar of Melborn, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Grativille do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to

the

Pitkin's

Itenkiuptry.

Supply Bill Subsidy on Wines.

3

22° Febru

545

the same, with au Amendment \ to which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Sir Gilbert Ilcathcot reported from the Committee, to w hom it was referred to consider of some Means to prevent the Prejudice, that happens to Trade, by the fraudulent breaking of Traders; and to consider of the most effectual Way to relieve the Petitioners against Thomas Pitkin; that they had examined the Matter of the Petition, and found the Allegations thereof to be true; and had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in l. is Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, anil is, as followeth;

That it appeared to the Committee, upon the Examination of several Witnesses, that Thomas Pitkin, late of London, Linen-draper, hath in Nine Months past defrauded the Petitioners, and other his Creditors, to the Value of Seventy thousand Pounds, and upwards.

That, for the preventing such Practices for the future, and for the Security of Trade,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Clause be added to some Bill, to prevent the Prejudice, that happens to Trade, by the fraudulent breaking of Traders, and for punishing the same; and for the effectual Relief of the Petitioners against the said Thomas Pitkin, and his Confederates.

The said Resolution being read a Second.time;

Some Amendments were proposed to be made, by leaving out " Clause be added to some," and after " Bill" to insert " be brought in;" and after " against" to leave out " the said."

And the same xvere, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, so amended, That a Bill be brought in, to prevent the Prejudice, that happens to Trade, by the fraudulent breaking of Traders, and for punishing the same; and for the effectual Relief of the Petitioners against Thomas Pitkin, and his Confederates.

Ordered, That Sir Gilbert Heathcot, Mr. How, Colonel Colchester, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that she will be graciously pleased to order an effectual Prosecution of Thomas Pitkin, his Confederates, and Complices, for a notorious Cheat, by them contrived, and acted, to the very great Loss and Ruin of several Clothiers, and other Trad ere.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House, as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

; A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the ingrossed Bill, for granting to her Majesty a further Subsidy on Wines and Merchandizes imported, and a new Duty on such East India Goods, prohibited to be worn in England, as shall be exported for Ireland, or her Majesty's Plantations, be now read;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas, ' } 63-

Telle, ferthe Noes, } 59.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Bill was read the Third time.

And several Amendments being proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 6. L. last but Three, after " paid" to insert " and " so in course

Pr. 12. L. p. After " Rice" to leave out " Ram," and insert " and" instead thereof; and after " Melasses" to leave out " and divers others

Pr. last. L. 4. before whereas" to insert " and

And the same were, upon the Question severally put Vox,. 14.

Trafford'

Estate.

thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act for granting to her Majesty a further Subsidy on Wines and Merchandizes imported.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do Carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

The Order, for taking into Consideration the Account Proceedings of the Proceedings of the late Commissioners, appointed, Commis-and continued, by several Acts, to take, examine, and ccTudIs determine, the Debts, due to the Army, and for Transport Service, being read;

The said Account was read;

Resolved, That it appears to this House, from the Report of the late Commissioners, appointed to take, examine, and determine, the Debts, due to the Army, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes, taken during the late War, that Colonel has justly

distributed, and duly accounted for, all Moneys, he received for the Use of the Regiment of Horse, lately under his Command.

Resolved, That the late Commissioners, appointed to take, examine, and determine, the Debts, due to the Army, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes, taken during the late War, have discharged their Trust with Integrity, and to the Satisfaction of this House.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John and Mr. Rogers;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Explanation of the Settlement of the Estate of William Trafford, Gentleman, and Clare his Wife, and William, their eldest Son, and for making effectual Provision for younger Children, according to Agreements between them, without any Amendment:

They have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of several Lands, and Chattel Estates, in the County of Devon, and City and County of of

Joseph Pince, for Payment of his Debts and Legacies, charged upon Ins Estate, and for a Provision for himself,

1 his Wife, and Family, without any Amendment:

They have also agreed to the Amendments, made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling Trustees to make Leases of Part of the Manor of -ley, and Lands there, for Payment of the Debts of James Grijfin, Esquire, and raising Portions for younger Children:

They have also agreed to the Amendment, made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Confirmation of an Agreement, made between 'Thomas iate Lord Bishop of Carlisle, and Thomas Coke, Esquire, for vesting the Rectory of Meibom, in the County of Derby, in the said Thomas Coke, and his Heirs, upon Augmentation of the Rents to the Bishop of Carlisle, and of the Stipend to the Vicar of Meibom:

They have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Equity of Redemption of the Manor, and Capital Messuage, of Latchford,with the Appurtenances,

and divers Freehold Messuages, Farms, and Lands, in Latchford and Hasely,in the County of Oxon, late the Estate of William Lent hall, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees,

' to be sold, for discharging of Incumbrances thereupon, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Papers, laid before the House, of Quota's of the Quota's of the Sea and Land Forces, be taken into Land

Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

The Orders of the Day being read;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, Pechells, That the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act &c for naturalizing Jacob Pechells, Elias Landes, Francis Lacroix, and others, be now read the lhird time;

6 Y The

Pince'

Estate.

Griffin's

Estate.

Bishop of Carlisle's Agreement.

Lenthall's

Estate.

Raising the Alilitia.

Promissory

Notes.

546 220- — 23° 1704

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered \That the Bill be read the Third time To-in a full House.

73-

92.

morrow Morning,

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for raising the Militia for the Year 1705, although the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid.

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for giving like Remedy upon Promissory Notes, as is now used upon Bills of Exchange, and for the better Payment of Inland Bills of Exchange, be now taken into Consideration.

The first Amendment (Clause A) being read a Second time;

Several Amendments were proposed to be made therein; viz.

L. 2. After " any," and before " Inland," insert " such."

L. 3. To leave out " Bill," and insert " same."

L. 4. To leave out " the same," and insert " such " Bill."

L. 6. After " any" insert " such."

L. 7, 8. To leave but " the same, or make Satisfaction for Non-acceptance thereof," and insert " any " Costs, Damages, or Interest, thereupon."

L. 11. Leave out " due."

L. 12. After " received" insert " or left in Writing " at the Place of his or her usual Abode."

L. 15. To leave out " or immediately after."

L. 17. To leave out " making any Satisfaction for " Non-payment thereof," and insert " pay any Costs, " Daiqages, or Interest, thereupon."

L. 18. To leave out " or" after " made," and insert " and;" and leave out " due," in the same Line.

L. 19. Leave out " such," and also " as is," and insert " above."

L. 21st To leave out " in the said Act," and after " Payment of" insert " Costs, Damages, and Interest, " upon."

L. 22. After " such" insert " Inland."

L. 23. After " thereof," at the End, add, " and " Notice thereof be sent, given, or left, as aforesaid: Provided, that no such Protest shall be necessary, either " for Non-acceptance, or Non-payment, of any Inland " Bill of Exchange, unless the Value be acknowledged " and expressed in such Bill to be received; and unless " such Bill be drawn for the Payment of 20 /. Sterling,

" or upwards; and that the Protest, hereby required for " Non-acceptance, shall be made by such Persons, as " are appointed by the said recited Act to protest Inland u Bills of Exchange, for Non-payment thereof."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Lords in the said Amendment, so amended.

The Second Amendment (Clause B) being read a Second time;

Several Amendments were proposed to be made therein; viz.

L. 3d. After " any" to insert " such."

L. # After " Exchange" to insert " Bank Notes,

" Goldsmiths Notes, or any other Notes."

And a Debate arising thereupon;

And the Question being put, That the Debate be now adjourned;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Amendment w'as waived.

L. 7. To leave out " Acceptor," and insert " Person " accepting."

At the End add, " Provided, that nothing herein contained shall extend to discharge any Remedy, that any " Person may have against the Drawer, Acceptor, or " Endorser, of such Bill."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Lords in the said Amendment, so amended.

The Third Amendment (Clause C) being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Lords in the said Amendment.

Ordered, That Mr. Eyres do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this 1 louse hath agreed to the said Amendments, with some other Amendments; to which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Resotved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Punishing resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to Mutiny and consider further of the Bill, for punishing Mutiny and eserl on-Desertion, and false Musters, and for better Payment of the Army, and Quarters.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 23 die j

3 Annae Regina.

Prayers.

SI R Edmond Denton reported from the Committee, to Tymir w hom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, Estate. An Act to make some Alterations, and Amendments, in an Act of Parliament, obtained the last Session by Sir Peter Tyrrill, and Thomas Tyrrill, his Son, in order

to enable them to sell several Lands in Hanslopp and Castlethrop,in the County of Bucks, which were settled, upon the Marriagh of the said Thomas Tyrrill, and Da-rothy his Wife, and to settle other Lands in lieu thereof, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House:

Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are, as follow; vis.

Press 8. L. 25. Leave out " effect," and insert " affeet;" and, in the same Line, after " any" insert " Manor."

L. 28. Leave out " or."

L. 29. After " Sheriffs" leave out " of the " Corporation," and insert " Citizens and Commonalty " of the City."

Mr. Harpur reported from the Committee, to whom Grainge' the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act E®,ate for vo ting the Estate of Joseph Grainge, and Elizabeth his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold, and to dispose of Part of the Men-- arising by such Sale, for the Maintenance of the said Elizabeth,pursuant to their Marriage Settlement, and to apply the Residue to the Payment of the Debts, of the said Joseph Grainge, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Tyrrill' to make some Alterations, and Amendments, in an Act EstaU-7 of

Answer to Address,

AVorsopp'g

Estate.

The Chaplain.

Pitkin's Bankruptcy.

Bean's

Estate.

5 AnM. 13d Februarii. 547

of Parliament, obtained the last Session by Sir Peter Tyrrifl, and Thomas 7'yrrill, his Son, in order to enable them to sell several Latids in and Cast let hrop,

in the County of Bucks, which were settled upon the Marriage of the said Thomas Tyrrill, and Dorothy his Wife, and to settle other Lands in lieu thereof, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Edmond Denton, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, with some Amendments; to which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Mr. Haw acquainted the House, that their Address having been presented to her Majesty, That she would he graciously pleased to order an effectual Prosecution of Thomas Pitkin, his Confederates and Complices, for a notorious Cheat by them contrived, and acted, to the very great Loss and Ruin of several Clothiers, and other Traders; her Majesty was graciously pleased to express a Concern for the Misfortune of so many of l>er trading Subjects; and to say, That she would give‘effectual Orders, as is desired by the said Address.

Mr. Ogle reported from the Committee, to rvhom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees the Estate late of Sir Tho. JVorsopp, Knight, and John JVorsopp, Esquire, his Son, deceased, in Finsbury Fields, or Moor Fields, in the Parish of Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, to be sold, for the Payment of Debts and Legacies, and the Overplus of the Money, remaining, to be laid out for the purchasing of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of Inheritance, in the Kingdom of Ireland, to be settled, as in the Act is particularly mentioned, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had di. rected him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, and are, follow; viz.

Pr. 1. L, 14. After " Engl" insert " and out of " other Lands of the said Sir Thomas JVorsopp, in the " Kingdom of Ireland."

L. 19. Leave out from " Lands" to " within" in the 21 Line.

Pr. 6. L. 3. After " Survivor" insert, " with the Consent of the said Thomas Toller, and Dorothy his Wife, " and Arthur Bush, or so many of them, as shall be then " living."

L. 4. Leave out " such," and instead thereof insert " any."

Resolved, That the Address of this House be renewed to her Majesty, That she will be graciously pleased to confer some Dignity in the Church upon Strat-

ford, Bachelor in Divinity, Chaplain to this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Petition; relating to Thomas Pitkin, was refened, She revived; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. William Bridges reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming a Lease, heretofore made, of certain Messuages, and Lands, in Epsam, by Sir Joseph Sheldon, and Sir James Edwards, to Humphry , 'and agreed to be assigned to Sir Tho. Cooke, Knight, and for enabling a Lease of other Lands, adjoining to tire same, to be

VojuU.

made to him, 4-as committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made an Amendment to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and is, as followed); viz.

Press 5. L. 22. After " Assigns" insert Clause A; being a Saving of the Right and Title of Joseph Glover to the said Premises, or any Part thereof, or the Prosecution of a Suit in Chancery for the same.

An ingrossed Bill, for importing Naval Stores from the importing Plantations, was read the Third time. Naval stores.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act for encouraging the Importation of Naval Stores from her Majesty's Plantations in America.

Ordered, That Mr. Brevier do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Bromley reported from the Committee of Privi- Privilege, leges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, upon the Complaint of a Breach of Privilege against Edmond Bray, Esquire (a Member of this House) and the Resolutions of foe Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read, and are, as follow; viz.

That the Committee had heard the Matter of the Complaint, That Mr. William Tyson, an Attorney of the Court of Common Pleas, had delivered Declarations in Ejectment to the Tenants of Edmond Bray, Esquire,

(a Member of this House,) in the County of Monmouth, at the suit of John Fostei', and his Wife, in Breach of the Privilege of this House.

That there was Evidence given, that foe Order of the Committee, for hearing this Complaint of a Breach of Privilege, was left at Mr. Tysons Lodgings; but no one appeared on behalf either of Mr. Tyson, or of John Foster.

That the Evidence before the Committee, as to the Breach of Privilege, was,

That 24 Copies of a Declaration in Ejectment, for several Manors, Lands, and Tenements, in and Bringswin, and other Places, in the County of Monmouth, w ere produced to the said Committee; in which Declaration William Tyson was named Attorney, Thomas Makepeace Plaintiff, and John Jones Defendant, or casual Ejector, upon the Demise of the said John Foster, and Elis, his Wife.

That Mr. Okely and Mr. Jlyat proved to the Committee, that the Persons, who occupied, and were in Possession of, the said Manors, Lands, and Tenements, were Tenants to Mr. Bray.

That Mr. Hyat and Mr. Vaughan also proved, that after the said Declarations had been delivered to the said Tenants, it had been endeavoured to give Notice to Mr.

Tyson, that the Persons, to whom the Copies were delivered, were Mr. Brays Tenants; but not meeting with Air. Tyson himself, on the loth of this instant February, a Note, in Writing, was left with a Servant, at Mr. Tysons Lodgings, to give him such Notice.

And that after such Notice, viz. on the last Day of last Term, Mr. Tyson caused the Court of Common Pleas to be moved, and obtained a Rule for Judgment against the casual Ejector, unless foe Tenants appeared in a short Day.

And that the Committee came to these Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That John Foster, in causing Declarations of Ejectment to be served upon the Tenants of Edmond Bray, Esquire,

(a Member of this House,) in the County is guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Mr. Wm. Tyson,an Attorney of the Court of Common

Justices of Peace Qualification.

Prohibiting Commerce with France.

Cavendish's

Ksute.

23 Februarii. 1704.

mon Pleas, by delivering the said Declarations of Ejectment to the Tenants of Edmond. Bray, Esquire, (a Member of this House,) in the County of , is guilty of a

Breach of the Privilege of this House.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the I louse.

Ordered, That the said John Foster be, for his said Preach of Privilege, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant ht Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Tyson be, for his said Breach of Privilege, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Resolved, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to put them in mind of the Bill, intituled, An Act for Qualification of Justices of Peace, some time since sent from this House, being a Bill of great Consequence to hpr Majesty's Subjects.

Ordered, That. Mr. Freeman do carry the said Message.

An ingrossed Pill, for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered as a Rider, to the Bill, That the same shall not extend to permit the carrying of any contraband Hoods to any Port of nor to allow any Trade with the Subjects of for the same.

And the same was twice read anti amended:

And then the same was read the Third time, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider to the Bill, for the Importation of French. Wines, contracted for at Places in Amity with her Majesty, before a certain Time, and from whence they might by Law have imported them before this Act.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up;

The House-divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the } ,06.

Teller, for Ure } 64.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Clause being brought up, was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks filled up; and the Clause amended.

And then the Clause was read the Third time:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Clause be made Part of the Bill;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

rp , r .1 $ Sir Cha. Barrington, )

Tellers for Ure V cas, . CkrKtopha.'lIaks . \ "0.

Tellers for the Noes, j j 85.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Pr. 1. L. 32. to leave out " brought in," and insert " imported."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Francklyn,

and Mr. Rogers:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled An Act to enable William Cavendish, Esquire, to make a Settlement, in Jointure, upon any Wife he shall marry, and for the better raising the Portions charged upon his Estate,

and for confirming Enfranchisements of several Copyhold Estates, made by his Father, within the Manor of Dove-bridge, in the Counties, of Stafford and Derby, with some Amendments; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made Girardet' , by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to naturalize &c-iNat-Andrew Girardet, alias Devcrmenoux, Francis 'Buzelin, and mothers:

They have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act May's for Sale of Part of the Estate of Baptist May, Esquire, tslate deceased, for reimbursing Charles May, Esquire, his Nephew, such Moneys, as he has expended, for discharging the Debts, Legacies, and Funeral Expences, of the said Baptist May, w ithout any Amendment:

They have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Holford's for Sale of the Estate of Thomas Esquire, in Estate.

Plumbley, and elsewhere, in the County of Chester, consisting chiefly in Reversions, to raise Money, for Payment of his Debts, and purchasing.an Estate in Possession, to be settled to the same Uses, as the other Estate was settled, without any Amendment:

The have also agreed to the Amendments, made by Tymll's this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to make some Estate. Alterations, and Amendments, in an Act of Parliament, obtained the last Session by Sir Peter and Thomas

Tyrrill, his Son, in order to enable them to sell several Lands in Hanslopp and Castlethrop, in the County of Bucks, which were settled upon the Marriage of the said Tyrrill, and Dorothy his Wife, and to settle other Lands in lieu thereof.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Orders of the Day being read;

The House (according to Order) proceeded to take Quota's into Consideration the Papers, laid before the House, of Sea and the Quota's of the Sea and Land Forces. au orc"

And an Account of Quota's of Ships furnished by the States General last Summer; and,

List and N umbers of the Forces in the Pay of the States General; and,

List of the King of Portugal's Troops; were read.

Resolved, Nernine contradiccntc, That an humble Ad-

dress be presented to her Majesty, that she will be graciously pleased to use her Interest with her Majesty's Allies, that they may the next Year furnish their several complete Quota's, both by Sea and Land, according to their respective Treaties; and that her Majesty will be graciously pleased to continue her Endeavours for an Accommodation between the Emperor, and his Subjects, now in Arms, in Hungary, in order to the better and more effectual carrying on the present most necessary War.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council, do humbly know her Majesty's Pleasure, when she will be attended by this House.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, in- Pechells, tituled, An Act for naturalizing Jacob Pechells, &c- Nat.

Landes, Francis Lacroix, and others, be read the Third time, upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Raising tl» resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Militia, the Bill, for raising the Militia for the Year 1705, although the Month's formerly advanced, be not repaid.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Punishing resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to Mutiny and consider further of the Bill, for punishing Mutiny and Deseition. Desertion, and false Musters, and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters.

V

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Bw'

Estate.

Worsopp's

Estate.

lister's

Estate.

3 Ann. 24" Februarii.

549

Sabbati, 24 die j

3 Ann® Regina.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming a Lease, heretofore made, of certain Messuages and Lands in Epso by Sir Joseph Sheldon, and Sir James Edwards, to Humphry Bean, and agreed to be assigned to Sir Thomas Cook, Knight, and for enabling a Lease of other Lands, adjoining to the same, to be made to him, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do

Pr. 17. L. 14. Leave out " particular," and insert " perpetual."

18. L. 11. After " politick" insert " and corporate."

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Letter sent to whom it was referred to enquire into the Matter of a Let- Mr. Lowndes ter, sent to Mr. Lowndes, and the Author thereof, be gr eng a made upon Wednesday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- Raising the ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Militia. House, upon the Bill, for raising the Militia for the Year 1705, although the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid.

pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Craggs do carry' the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, with an Amendment; to which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees the Estate, late of Sir Tho. Worsopp, Knight, and John Worsopp, Esquire, his Son, deceased, in Finsbury Fields, or Moor-Jields, in the Parish of Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, to be sold, for the Payment of Debts and Legacies, and the Overplus of the Money, remaining, to be laid out for the purchasing of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of Inheritance, in the Kingdom of Ireland, to be settled as in the Act is particularly mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Ogle do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, with some Amendments; to which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Sir Roger Mostyn reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to sell such Part of the Estate of Richard Lister, Esquire, and Frances Pate Lister, his Wife, sole Daughter, and Heir, of Sir Tho. Smith, Baronet, deceased, in the County of Chester, and City of Chester, as remains unsold, in order to raise Money, for the Payment of the Debts of 'the said Sir Thomas Smith, and for Portions for younger Children of the said Frances Pate Lister, and for applying the Overplus in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses, as they are now settled, and likewise for confirming such Leases, and Sales, as have been made towards Discharge of the said Debts, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, and are as follow; viz.

Press 1.' L. 22. After " only" leave out " the said." L. 29. After " with" leave out " the said."

1 37. After " Intention" insert "did."

5. L. 42. After " incumbered" leave out " with " the," and insert " which."

Pr. 6. L. 19. Leave out " and, " and insert " not"

10. L. 11. After " them" insert " one."

11. L. last After " them" insert " prior;" and leave out " Purchaser," and insert " Purchasers."

Pr. 12. L. 31. After " them" leave out " or," and insert " prior."

16. L. 11. After "remain" leave out "of the," and insert " after."

Voi» 14.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Punishing Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Mutiny and Bill, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion,- and false De,ert'on-Musters, and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

Mr. Lowndes took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Lowndes reported from the said Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard, and Mr. Rogers:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made by Bean's this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming E‘tate. a Lease, heretofore, made, of certain Messuages, ana Lands, in Epsom, by Sir Joseph Sheldon, and Sir James Edwards, to Humphry Bean, and agreed to be assigned to Sir Tho. Cook, Knight, and for enabling a Lease of other Lands, adjoining to the same, to be made to him:

They have also agreed to the Amendments, made by Worsopp's this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting in Estate Trustees the Estate, late of Sir Tho. Knight,

and John Worsopp, Esquire, his Son, deceased, in Finsbury Fields, or Moor-Jields, in the Parish of Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, to be sold, for the Payment Of Debts and Legacies, and the Overplus of the Money, remaining, to be laid out for the purchasing of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of Inheritance, in the Kingdom of Ireland, to be settled, as in

the Act is particularly mentioned:

Also, the Lords have commanded us to put this Persons in House in mind of their Lordships Amendments, made PublicOffice to the Bill, intituled, An Act for excluding out of the House of Commons all Persons in any Offices, or Employments, erected since the Sixth of February, 1684, or to be erected; it being a Bill, highly tending to impartial Proceedings in Parliament

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed, that there have been En- Privilege: deavours to bring a Writ of Error on the Proceedings in Writs of the Court of Queen's Bench upon a Habeas Corpus, ?rr.or1J" granted there for the Persons, committed by this House ciL !' to Newgate for Breach of their Privilege, and thereby to bring the Commitments of this House under the Examination of the House of Peers;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, humbly to lay before her Majesty the undoubted Right and Privilege of the Commons of England, in Parliament assembled, to commit for Breach df Privilege; and that the Commitments of this House are not examinable in any other Court whatsoever; and that no such Writ of Error was ever brought, nor doth any Writ of Error lie in this Case; and that, as tills House hath expressed their Duty to her Majesty, in giving Dispatch to all the

6 Z Supplies,

Queen appoints to be attended

Pitkin's

Creditors,

Lister's

Estate.

g 56 24 -~3(?'

Supplies, so (hey halve ah iritirC Cofifidetioe in her Majesty's Goodness and Justice, that she will not give Leave for the bringing any Writ of Error in this Case, which will tend to the overthrowing the undoubted Eights and Privileges of die Commons of England.

Orderedi 'That the said Address be presented to her Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, That whoever has abetted, promoted, countenanced, or assisted, the Prosecution of the several Writs 6f Habeas Corpus, brought for the Prisoners committed by this House, and, since their l>eing remanded, have endeavoured the procuring Writs of Error, are guilty of conspiring to make a Difference between the Lords and Commons, in Parliament assembled, are Disturbers of the Pfe&ce of the Kingdom, and have endeavoured, a9 for as id them lay, to overthrow the Rights and Privileges of the Cottihiohs Of England, irt Parliament assembled.

OrdetiH, That a Committee be appointed, to examine, what Persons have been concerned in soliciting, prosecuting, or pleading upon, the Writs of Habeas Corpus, or Writs of Error, on the Behalf of the Persons, committed to Neugate, for Breach of the Privilege of this House, or trhht bthter Persons have promoted or abetted the same:

And it is referred to Mr, How, Mr. Solicitor-general, Mr. Ahhcitey, Sir John Holland, Mr. Harcourl, Lord

Cheine, Sir Roger Mostyn, Mr. HungerfOrd, Mr. Man-ley, Sir Gods. Copley, Mr. Thyn, Mr. i'opham, Sir Tho. MeOrs, Mr. Serjeant Girdle -, Mr. Cesar, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Jos. Jekyll, Mr. Aisktby, Mr. Mr. Bromley,

Sir Tho. Powys, Colonel Byerley, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Bruce, Sir William Whitlock, Mr. King, Mr. Gwyn, Sir Wm.Drake, Mr. Freeman, Sir Lord

left, Mr. Conyers, Lord Dysert, Mr. Dormer, Mr. Bul-tdel, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Findh, Mr. Ogle, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. St.John, Mr. Serjeant Hooper, Sir Tho. bier. Sir Fra. 'Child, Mr. Flen&ning, Mr. be, Sir Hen. Lydtiall, Mr. Rowtiey: Andvthey are to meet this A/fter-Inoon, as soon as the House fe risen, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records; and' are to sit de die in diem.

Mr. Secretary Hedges acquainted the House, that her Majesty having been humbly Waited upon, to know, when she would pleaseto be attended by this-House; her Majesty had been pleaded to appoint Monday next, «it Four a Clock in the Afternoon, at -her Pailace at St. James's.

Ordered, That Sir Dio. >. Dtt, Mr. Trcdetiham, Mr. Moor, Mr. Sambfooke, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, Tradesmen, Clothiers, and' other' Creditors, of Tho. , Linen-draper, is referred.

Fehtuarii A 1704

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered \That Sir Roget' Mostyn, do qwy the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Bill# with some Amendments; to which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Mr. Secretary Hedges acquainted the House, that their Address of Saturday last, in relation to the Writs otf'Es-ror therein, mentioned, having been presented to tier Majesty, according to Order; her Majesty was pleased to give this gracious Answer;

Her Majesty is much troubled, to find the House of Commons of Opinion, that her granting the Writs of Error, mentioned in their Address, is against their Privileges, of which her Majesty will always be a» tender, as of her own Prerogative; ana therefore the House of Con>-mons may depend, her Majesty will not do any thing, tp give them any just Occasion of Complaint: But this Matter, relating to the Course of judicial Proceedings, being of the highest Importance, her Majesty thinks it necessary to weigh and consider very carefully, what may be prpper for her to do in a Thing of so great Concern,

Resolved, That this House will take her Majesty's gracious Answer into Consideration Tomorrow Morning-

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to put them in mind of the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing Duties upon low Wines, and upon Coffee, Tea, Chocolate, Spices, and Pictures, and upon Hawkers, Pfedlars, and petty Chapmen, and upon Mushns, and for granting new Duties upon several of the said Commodities, and also upon Callicoes, 'China-ware, and Drugs, sent up to their Lordships on the Twentieth

Install;

And also to put their Lordships in mind of the Bril, intituled, An Act for granting to her Majesty a further 'Subsidy On Wines and Merchandizes imported, «ent up to their ‘Lordships on the 8 ad Instant; because Dispatch hath 'been recommended'from 'the Throne to both Houses, and Delay may be of great Danger to the Publick.

Ordered, That Sir William Drake do oarry the said

Message.

A Complaint being made >to the House, ‘that one Edward Tibballs hath made several Reflections upon Sir -Charles Barrington, a Member of this House, for his -voting and acting in this House;

Ordered, That the Matter-of the said Complaint he heard at the Bar of this ‘House-upon Wednesday Morning next; and that -the scud Edward Tybbalis do then attend this House.'

And then the House adjourned dll Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lunce, 26 die 3 Amite ‘Regime.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, iotitukid, An Act to enable Trustees to sell such Part of the Estate of - Richard Lister, Esquire, and Frances Pute Lister, his Wife, sole Daughter, and Heir, -of Sir 'Domes Smith, Baronet, deceased, in the County -of Chester, and City of Chester, as remains uiisokl, in order to raise Money, for the Payment of the Debts of the said Sir Domas Smith, and f6r Portions' for youagCr Children of the said Frances Pate Lister;and for-applying the Overplus in the

Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the same Ubcs, as they are now settled, and likewise for confirming-such Leases, and Sales, as have been made towards-Discharge of the said Debts, was read the Third time.

1

Sir Gilbert Heathoot (according to Order) presented -to the House-a' Bill, for the Relief of 'the Creditors of Thomas Pitkin, a 'Bankrupt, and -the better Discovery of the -fraudulent - Practices-of -him, and his Accomplices; and -the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read the Second time To-

morrow Morning.

The Order, for the third Reading of the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Jacob PecheUs, Elias Landes, Francis Lacroix, and others, being- read;

The Bill was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was- offered as a Rider, That *

And the same waS thrice read, and, upon the Question ‘ pot thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the- Bill.

Resolved, That the‘ Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Massam do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed 3 to

Answer tp Address.

Writs of Error in Aylesbury Case.

Supply Bill; Low Wines.

Supply Bill i Subsidy on Wines

Privilege-Reflection on a Member.

Pitkin9

Bankruptcy.

Pechell' , Scc. Nat.

Importing Naval Stores.

Irish Linen.

Kenyon's Debt to the Crown.

Ernes', iScc. Relief.

Privilege — Writs of Error in Aylesbury Case.

3 Ann,

Pebruarii. 551

to the Bill, with Amendments; to which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Regard, and Mr. Hiccocks:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Importation of Naval Stores from her Majesty's Plantations in America, without any Amendment:

They have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to permit the Exportation of Linen Cloth to the Plantations, and to prohibit the Importation of Scotch Linen into Ireland, without Amendment:

They have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to impowpr the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, to compound with Thomas Kenyon, Executor of Luke Lloyd, Esquire, as he was One of the Sureties of Morgan Whitley, Esquire, late Receiver-general for the Counties of Chester and North Wales, without Amendment:

They have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Relief of FuIke Ernes, Gentleman, and others, who had

elapsed their Times, either for paying their Money, or naming their Nominees, for purchasing Annuities; and also for the Relief of Sir John Mead, Knight and Baronet, who had elapsed his Time, for paying Part of his Purchase-money for a forfeited Estate in Ireland; and also for Relief of Dorothy Ireland, and others, in respect of several Tickets for Payment of Annuities, and of several Million Lottery and Malt Lottery Tickets, and Exchequer Bills, and Debentures to the Army, which have been burnt, dr lost; without Amendment. '

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Earl of Dysert reported from the Committee, ap-

pointed tp examine, jWhat Persons have been concerqqd in soliciting, prosecuting, or pleading upop, the Writs of Habeas Corpys, or Writs of Error, on the behalf of the Persons, committed to Newgate for Breach of the Privileges of this House, pr what other Persons have promoted or abetted the same, the Matter, as it appeared to them, which they bad directed him to report to the House; which be read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the.Clerk s Tphlp; where the same was rea , and is, as followeth; viz.

That, upon the Examination of several Persons, it appeared to the Committee, that Mr Denton

ippyed in the Couijt of Queen's Bench for the Writs of Habeas Corpus, of behalf of the Persons committed to Newgate for Breach of the Privileges of this House:

That Mr. Serjeant Hook moved in the Court of Queen's Bench, to shorten ,the Day for the Return of the said Writs:

That Mr. Francis Page, Mr. Janies Mountagu, Mr. Nicholas Lechmpre, and Mr. Alexander Denton, pleaded ] on the Returns of the said Wfits.:

That Mr. James Moyntague and Mr. Nicholas -more attended, as. Counsel, at the Lord-Chief Justice Holt's Chamber, to consider, what Entries should be iqade. of the Remittitur.

Jlo/lingshead, a Messpngpr pjttpndjpg this House, informed the Committee, that he endeavoured to serve the Summons upon Mr. Lee, of Clement's Inn; but not meeting with him, he shewed his Clerk the original Order of Summons, which his Clerk refused.tp read: Thereupon he offered him ,a Copy of it, which he refused to receive; however, he left the Copy in Mr. Lee's Chamber.

Kingham, another Messenger, informed the Committee, he had personally served Harris with the Order of Summons; and he said, he would attend; but neither Lee, nor Harris, attended the Committee, according to the Summons of the Committee.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, that Mr. Lee, of Clement's Inn, having been summoned to attend a Committee of this House, and not attending thereupon, is guilty of a Contempt, and Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Vol. 14.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Lee be, for his said Contempt, and Breach of Privilege, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, that

Harris, having been summoned to attend a Committee of this House, and not attending thereupon, is guilty of a Contempt, and Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, That the said # Harris be, for his said Contempt, and preach of Privilege, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

A Motion being'made, and the Question being put,

That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Teller, for the Yeas, 7' . } 8,.

'Tellers forfhe Noes, }"«

So it passed in the Negative.

Then a Debate arising upon the said Report; and the Lime being come, for the House to attend her Majesty, as she had appointed;

Resolved, That the Debate be adjourned.

A Motion Joeing made, and the Question being put,

Lhe Yeas go forth:

Tellers for tfre YeaS>g f'«r- } . 05.

Tellers for the Noes, Omlow: } *

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

1 i '

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved,' Lhat this House will ' Tomorrow Mom- Raising the jpg, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Militia, upon the Bill, for raising the lilitia for the Year 1705, although the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid.

Resolved, Thtd this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Punishing resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Mutiny and consider further of the Bill, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion‘ Desertion, and false Musters, and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters.

And then the House adjourned till Six a Clock this Evening.

that the Debate be adjourned till bix a block tbi Evening;

Lhe House divided:

Post Meridiem.

THE House being met;

Ordered, That Candles be brought in Candle *

And they were brought in accordingly.

Mr. Speaker reported to the House, that the House An»wer to had attended her Majesty with their. Address (That her Addre Majesty would be graciously pleased to use her Interest with her Majesty's Allies, that they may the next Year furnish their several complete Quota's, both by Sea and Land, according to their respective Treaties; and that her Majesty will be graciously pleased to continue her Endeavours for an Accommodation between the Emperor, and his Subjects, now in Arms, in Hungary, in order to the better and more effectual carrying on the present most necessary War) and that her Majesty was pleased to give this gracious Answer:

Gentlemen,

I will continue to use my best Endeavours to obtain a Compliance from the Allies with what is desired in your. Address.

As

Wviege — Writs of Error in Aylesbury Cam.

26" — 2 70 Februarii.

55

As to the Accommodation with the Malecontents in Hungary, I have made Application to the Emperor several times upon that Point, and shall c'ontinue to press him in it, with all the Earnestness imaginable.

The House resumed the adjourned Debate upon the Report from the Committee, appointed to examine, what Persons have been concerned in soliciting, prosecuting, or pleading upon, the Writs of Habeas Corpus, or Writs of Error, on the behalf of the Persons, committed to Newgate for Breach of the Privilege of this House, or what other Persons have promoted or abetted the same.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Mr. Frauds Page, in pleading upon the Return of the Habeas Corpus, on behalf of the Prisoners committed by this House, is guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yea8.£sir Tho Hartm: }135-

w" }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Francis Page be, for the said Breach of Privilege, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Resolved, That Mr. James Mountague, in pleading upon the Return of the Habeas Corpus, on behalf of the Prisoners committed by this House, is guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, That the said Mr. James Mountague be, for the said Breach of Privilege, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Resolved, That Mr. Nicholas Lechmere, in pleading upon the Return of the Habeas Corpus, on behalf of the Prisoners committed by this House, is guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Nicholas lechmere be, for the said Breach of Privilege, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Resolved, That Mr. Alexander Denton, in pleading upon the Return of the Habeas Corpus, on behalf of the Prisoners committed by this House, is guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Alexander Denton be, for the said Breach of Privilege, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That John Paty, Prisoner in Newgate, by Order of this House, for a Breach of the Privilege of this House, be discharged from his said Confinement there, and . immediately removed, and delivered over, into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That John Oviat, Prisoner in Newgate, by Order of this House, for a Breach of the Privilege of this House, be discharged from his said Confinement there, and immediately removed, and delivered over, into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That John Paton, junior, Prisoner in Newgate, by Order of this House, for a Breach of the Privilege of this House, be discharged from his said Confinement there, and immediately removed, and delivered over, into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arras attending this House.

Ordered, That Henry Basse, Prisoner in Newgate, by Order of this House, for a Breach of the Privilege of this House, be discharged from his said Confinement there, and immediately removed, and delivered over, into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That Daniel Horn, Prisoner in Newgate, by Order of this House, for a Breach of the Privilege of this House, be discharged from his said Confinement there, and immediately removed, and delivered over, into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants for the Removal, and Delivery over, of the said John Paty, John Oviat, John Paton,junior, Henry Rime, and Daniel

A.

1704.

Home, into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock;

Mortis, 27 die Februariii

Pa A V ERS.

3 Annas Regina.

THE House took into Consideration the Amend- CavewJUh' ments, made by the Lords to the' Bill, intituled, An Estau.

Act to enable JVHUam Cavendish, Esquire, to make a Settlement, in Jointure, upon any Wife he shall marry, and for the better raising the Portions charged upon his Estate, and for confirming Enfranchisements of several Copyhold Estates, made by his Father, within the Manor of Daoe-bridge, in the Counties of Stafford and Derby.

And the same were twice read, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, and are, as follow; viz.

Press 3. L. 28. Instead of " for that" read " out " of."

12. L. 26. For " her" read " the Queen's."

Ordered, That Mr. Meyrick do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Graing for vesting the Estate of Joseph Gra and Elizabeth his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold, and to dispose of Part of the Money, arising by such Sale, for the Maintenance of the said Elizabeth, pursuant to their Marriage Settlement, and to apply the Residue to the Payment of the Debts of the said Joseph Grainge, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Harpur do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Bill, without any Amendment.

A Bill, for the Relief of the Creditors of Thomas Pitkin, Pitkin' a Bankrupt, and the better Discovery of the fraudulent Bankruptcy. Practices of him, and his Accomplices, was (according to Order) read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Gilbert Heathcot, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Sir Tho. Pelham,

Lord Pawlet, Sir Rich. Onslc/w, Sir Hustler, Lord Cotiingsby, Lord Fitzharding, Sir JVm. Drake, Sir Dudley Cullum, Mr. JVard, Mr. Hysham, Sir Tho. Cook, Mr.

Chase, Mr. Moncton, Mr. Cocks, Sir Nich. Pelham, Sir Roger Mostyn, Mr. Gould, Mr. Tredenham, Sir Edw.

Irby, Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. Smith, Mr. Rudge, Sir Math. Dudley, Sir Tho. Hanmer, Sir Fra. Child, Mr.

Heme, Mr. Pooley, Mr. Shepherd, Sir JVm. St. Quintin; and all the Merchants of the House, and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House calling upon the Serjeant, to give an Ac- Privileg — count of what he had done in Execution of the Orders Per on»com-of this House, made Yesterday; p«dtg

He gave the House an Account thereof accordingly: i, Ayietbwy

That he had received into his Custody the Five Persons, Case, which were committed to Newgate, this Morning, between Twelve apd One a Clock; and had this Morning found Mr. James Mountague at his House, and taken him into his Custody; but that he shewed a Protection from the House of Lords, upon the Petition of the said Persons, by which the said Mr. Mountagu, Mr. Page, Mr. Lechmere, Mr. Denton, Mr. Lee, and John Harris (who were Yesterday ordered to be taken into Custody) were assigned Counsel and Attorneys for the said Persons, and protected by the House of Lords; and that all Officers,

Serjeants at Arms, and other Persons, were thereby forbid to meddle with them: With which the Serjeant told Mr. Mountagu, he would acquaint this House

That

3 Ann.

i 70 — 2 8°

553

Raising

Militia

Vanishing Mutiny and Desertion

Army

Arrears.

Punishing Mutiny and Desertion.

Raising

Militia.

That he Imd also like to have taken Mr. Nicholas Lechmere, but that he got out of his Chamber in the Temple, Two Pair of Stairs high, at the back Window, by the Help of his Sheets and a Rope; and that the said Harris was also taken into Custody; but that Mr. Page, Mr. Denton, and Mr. Lee, could not be found.

Ordered, That some Members be appointed, to search the Journals of the House of Lords, what Proceedings have been in that House in relation to the Five Persons, committed to Newgate for Breach of the Privilege of this House; and report the same to this House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bromley, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Smith, Sir Tho. Hartmere, Colonel Sir JVm.Drake, Sir Tho. Pelham, to do the same.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Consideration of her Majesty's gracious Answer to the Address of this House, of Saturday last, relating to the Writs of Error therein mentioned, be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning,

Resolved, That this House will, this Day (after the Committee of the whole House upon the Bill, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Musters, and for the'better Payment of the Army, and 'Quarters) resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the Bill, for raising the Militia for the Year 1705, although the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid.

The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself into a'Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Musters, and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters;

A Petition of George Ford, Andrew Finley, and Fara, Serjeants, in the behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Non-commission Officers, and Soldiers, of the Regiment of Foot, late under the Command of the Right Honourable the Earl of Drogheda, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the late Commissioners of Accounts for the Army have certified, that the Sum of 1,392/. is due to the Non-commission Officers, and private Men, of the said Regiment; but, for want of a letter of Attorney, signed by the Colonel, and a Majority of the Captains, of the said Regiment, (many of them being dead, and others in the Service beyond Sea) to impower a particular Person, pursuant to an Act of Parliament, to take out Debentures for the said 1,392/. the same cannot be taken out, so that the Petitioners are like to be deprived of their Arrears, unless relieved by the House: And praying, that a Clause may be inserted in some Bill before the House, for the Petitioners Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee of the whole House; and that it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause Tor the Petitioners Relief.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Lou-ndes took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Lowndes reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.'

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising the Militia for the Year 1705, although the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Vol. 14.

Mercurii, 28 die Februarii",

3 Annas Regime.

Praters.

SI It Gilbert Hcathcot reported from the Committee, pitkin's to whom the Bill, for the Relief of the Creditors of Bankruptcy. Thomas Pitkin, a Bankrupt, and the better Discovery of the fraudulent Practices of him, and his Accomplices, was committed; and that they had made several Amendments thereto, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which lie read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the Mouse, with an Amendment to One of the said Amendments; and another Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in--grossed. 1

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard, and Mr. Hiccocks:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made promissory by tins House to the Amendments, made by their Lord- Notes, ships to the Bill, intituled, An Act for giving like Remedy for Promissory Notes, as is now used upon Bills of Exchange, and for the better Payment of Inland Bills of Exchange:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Amendments, Lister' made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to Estate, enable Trustees to sell such Part of the Estate of Richard Lister, Esquire, and Frances Pate Lister, his Wife, sole Daughter, and Heir, of Sir Thomas Smith, Baronet, deceased, in the County of Chester, and City of Chester, as remains unsold, in order to raise Money, for the Payment of the Debts of the said Sir Tho. Smith, and for Portions for'younger Children of the said Frances Pate

Lister, and for applying the Overplus in the Purchase of ' other Lands; to be settled to the same Uses, as they are now settled, and likewise for confirming such Leases, and Sales, as have been made towards Discharge of the said Debts:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An wicks' Debt Act to empower the Lord High Treasurer, or Commis- t« the Crown, sioners of the Treasury, to compound with Michael Wicks,

Esquire, late Receiver-general of the Plantation Duties in the Port of London, with some Amendments; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Bromley reported, that the Members appointed Privilege- to search the Journals of the House of Lords, what Pro- Writ of Ei ceedings have been in that House in relation to the Five r®r ,n, Ay1® Persons, committed to Newgate for Breach of the Pri- ory a ‘ vilege of this House, had searched the same accordingly and taken thereout what they found relating to the same, and also Copies of Two Petitions of the said Persons; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

Die Lunee, 26 Februarii, 1704.

UPON reading the Petition of Daniel Home, Henry Basse, and John Paton, junior, as also the Petition of John Paty, and John Oviat, Prisoners in Newgate, in , relation to some Proceedings for obtaining the Writs of Error, and praying (amongst other Things) the Protection of this House for their Counsel, and Agents;

It is Ordered by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, That the said Petitions shall be taken into Consideration Tomorrow at Twelve a Clock, and all the Lords summoned to attend, as also the Judges, in Town; who are to come prepared to speak to the Point, whether a Writ of Error be a Writ of Right, or of Grace: And that the Petitioners have Notice, that, when they send to this House the Names of their Counsel,

7 A and

-iJT Februarii,

frfeikp — Writs of Error m Ayles-buryCaoc.

54

A.

1704.

Counsellors at Lanr;

Attorneys at Law.

and Agents, they desire to Jbe -protected, they shall have the Protection or this House for them.

In pursuance of the Order of this Day made, Daniel Horn, Hairy Basse, John Baton, junior, and John Oviat, Prisoners in Newgate, sent the Names t>f their Counsel, and Agents; vht.

James Mcmtagu, Esquire, t

Nicholas Lech mere,

Alexander Denton, and Fran.Page,

Wdtiam Lee, "jf

John Harris, 5

Whereupon it is Ordered by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, That James Moun-tagn, Esquire, Nicholas LechmAleimnier Denton, and Francis Page, Counsellors at Law, and Wm. Lee and John Harris, Attorneys at Law, shall and they have hereby the Protection and Privilege of this House, in the adriSing, applying for, and prosecuting, the said Writs Of Error; and that all Keepers of Prisons, and Gaolers, and all Serjeants at Arms, and other Persons whatsoever, be, and they are hereby (for or in respect of any the Causes aforesaid) strictly prohibited from arresting, imprisoning, or otherwise detaining, or moles ting, or charging the said James Mountagu, Nicholas Lechmere, Alex-

ander Denton, Francis Page, Wm. Lee, and John Harris, or any, or either, of them, as they, and every <rf them, will answer the contrary to this House.

To the Bight honourable the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled -

The humble Petition of Darnel Horn, Henry Basse, and John Paion,junior,

Sheweth,

THAT your Petitioners, having Right to vote at the Election of Members to serve ia Parliament for the Borough of Aylesbury, were refused their Votes, to their great Wrong and Damage.

That the Lords having given Judgment, in foe Case of Ashbjjand White, viz. " That, by the known Laws of

* this Kingdom, every Freeholder, or other Person, having " a Right to give his Vote at foe Election of Members, to " serve in Parliament, and being wilfully denied, or bin-.

" dered, so to do, by the Officer, who ought to receive " foe same, may maintain an Action in the Queen's Courts " against such Officer, to assert his Right, and recover " Damages for foe Injuryyour Petitioners thereupon brought the like Actions in their own Cases.

4 That they have, for so doing, been committed to Netc-

fate, by vir tue of a Warrant from the Speaker of the louse of Commons.

That your Petitioners have endeavoured to obtain their Liberty by such legal Methods, as by their Counsel they have been advised, without Success; so that they have been deprived of their Liberty for about 12 Weeks, for no other Reason, but tire endeavouring to pursue their legal Remedies, according to foe Judgment of this honourable House.

Wlrerefore your Petitioners humbly beseech your Lordships to take the Premises into Consideration, and to do therein, as to your great Wisdoms you shall think fit.

And your Petitioners, as in Duty bound, shall aver pray, &c.

Daniel Horn, Henry Basse,

John Paton, junior, [° his Mark.

To the Right honourable foe Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled:

The humble Petition of John Paty, and John Oviat.

Sheweth,

THAT your Petitioners having Right to vote at the Election of Members, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Aylesbury, were refused their Votes, to their Wrong and Damage.

That the Lords having given Judgment, in the Case of-Ashby and White, viz. " That, by the known Laws of " this Kingdom, every Freeholder, or other Person, having "a Right to give his Vote at foe Election of Members,

" to serve in Parliament, and being wilfully denied, or " hindere-d so to do, by the Officer, who ought to receive " the same, may maintain an Action in the Queen's Courts

" against such Officer to assert his Right, and recover " Damages for the Injuryyour Petitioners thereupon brought foe like Actions in their own Cases.

That they have, for so doing, been committed to

Newgate,by virtue of Warrants from foe Speaker of foe House of Commons; Copies w hereof are annexed.

That they did, by foe Advice of their Counsel, on t the 5th Day of this instant February, move for their Writs of Habeas Corpus, directed to the Keeper of , gate, to bring your Petitioners before her Majesty's Court of Queen's Bench; whereupon foe said Court, viz. Mr.

Justice Powell, Mr. Justice Powys, and Mr. Justice Gould, did grant the said Writs, directing the same to be made returnable on the 1 ofo Day of February aforesaid, notwithstanding that your Petitioners said Counsel did insist, that the same was an unusual Return, and prejudicial to your Petitioners: On which said Day of Return your Petitioners Counsel did argue, on their behalfj that by Law they ought to be discharged; but, by the Opinion of the said Three Judges they were remanded to the said Prison.

That your Petitioners being thereupon advised, there was manifest Error in the said Judgment, and that they were properly relievable by bringing a Writ of Error, returnable before her Majesty in this high Court of Parliament, they did severally exhibit their Petitions to her Majesty, setting forth the Proceedings upon the said Writs of Habeas Corpus, and humbly prayed, that a Writ of Error might be granted to them respectively, returnable in this high Court.

That your Petitioners have not been able, as yet, to obtain her Majesty's Warrant, for authorizing the Cursitor to make out foe said Writs of Error, [as is usual in such Cases. ]

That your Petitioners being advised, that a Writ of Error is a Writ of Right, do humbly beseech your Lordships to take foe Premises into Consideration, and to give such Directions thereupon, as to your Lordships ' shall seem just: And your Petitioners do further pray, that your Lordships will be pleased to give the Protection of this House to your Petitioners Counsel, and Agents, employed by them in foe advising applying for, and prosecuting the said Writs of Error, without which they refuse to assist your Petitioners.

And your Petitioners, as in Duty bound, shall ever pray, &c.

John f Paty, — his Mark.

John Oviat, O his Mark.

The Dates of the Warrants, annexed to the Petition:

Mortis, 5 Die Decembris, 1704, for John Oviat,

Veneris, 2 Die Februarii, 1704, ditto.

Mart is, 5 Die Decembris, 1704, for John Paty,

Veneris, a Die Februarii, 1704, ditto. t

Hie Serjeant at Arms being called upon, to give an ,1

Account of what he had done, pursuant to the Orders of foe House of Monday last, since foe Account he gave Yesterday;

He gave the House an Account accordingly, that he had found Mr. Denton at his Chamber; and that he was in his Custody:

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Justice Tracy, -Lord desire and Mr. Baron Smith: Confer-

Mr. Speaker, 'euc#-

The Lords desire a present Conference with this Writ of Er ' House, in the Painted Chamber, about some ancient fun- ror Ales-damental Liberties of foe Kingdom. !kury C"® L

Resolved, That this House doth agree to meet the Lords at a present Conference, as desired.

And foe Messengers were called in again, and . Mr.

Speaker acq uainted them. therewith.

[ ] These Words are supplied from the original Repart.

[t] The Word Henry is, by Mistake, here written in the Journal, instead of John,

11 Ordered,

Ann.

28 Febru

555

Ordered, That the Lord Marquis Sir Tho. Hanmer, Mr. Ward, Colonel Sir Tho.

Powys, Mr. I low, Lord Dysert, Mr. Mr. Cmper,

Mr. Rooky, Mr . F/vetnan, Mr. King, Mr. Pagitt, Mr.

Serjeant Hooper, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Mr. St. John,

Lord Orrery, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Bridges, Sir Pelham, Mr. Conyers, Mr Walpole, Mr. Mr. Palmes, Mr. Tophatn, Sir Gods. Copley, Sir Walter Sir Jos. Je-

kyd, Sir Htttnp. JJackieorth, Sir Tho. Meers, Mr.

JWr. Webb, Sir John Hohond, Sir Mr.

trick. Sir Roger Mostyn, Mr. Secretary Hedges, Mr

Mr.Cesar, Mr. Gwyn, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Mr. Aislaby, Sir Wm. Whitlock, Sir Drake, Lord Pierrepont, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. ham, Sir Cha. Turner, do manage the said Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference:

And being returned;

' The Lord Marquis of Hartington reported, that the Managers had attended the Conference: and that it was managed by the Earl of Sunderland, who expressed himself as followeth; viz.

That the Lords have desired this Conference with the House Of Commons, in order to a good Correspondence between the Two Houses, which they will always endeavour to preserve. When either House of Parliament have apprehended the Proceedings of the other to be liable to Exception, the ancient Parliamentary Method has befen, to ask a Conference; it being ever supposed, that, when the Matters are fairly laid open, and debated, that, which tnay have been amiss, will be rectified, or else the House, that made the Objections, will be satisfied, that their Complaint was not well-grounded.

Such Hopes as these have induced the Lords to command us to acquaint you, that, upon Consideration of the Petition of Daniel Horne, Henry Basse, and John Paton, junior, and also the Petition of John Paty and Oviat, complaining to the House of Lords, that they have been Prisoners in Newgate for about Twelve Weeks, upon several Warrants, signed by the Speaker of the House of Commons, bearing Date the 5th of December last, for their having commenced, and prosecuted, Actions at Common Law against the late Constables of Aylesbury, for not allowing their Votes at an Election of Members, to serve in Parliament; which Actions, they alleged, they were encouraged to bring, by reason of a Judgment given in Parliament upon a Writ of Error, brought in the last Session by one Ashby against White, and others; and also representing, by the same Petitions, what had been done by them respectively, since their said Commitment, in order to obtain their Liberty; and praying the Consideration of the House of Peers upon the whole Matter; and also upon Consideration of a printed Paper, intituled, " The Votes of the House " of Commons," signed with the Speakers Name, and dated the 24th of this Instant February; the House of Lords found themselves obliged to come to several Resolutions, which they have commanded us to communicate to you at this Conference, and are as follow; wx.

1st. It is Resolved by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, That neither House of Parliament hath any Power, by any Vote, or Declaration, to create to themselves any new Privilege, that is not warranted by the koown Laws dnd Customs of Parliament.

2. Resolved, That every Freeman of England, who apprehends himself to be injured, has a Right to seek Redness by Action at Law; and that the commencing and prosecuting an Action at Common Law against any Person, not entitled to Privilege of Parliament, is no Breach of the Privilege of Parliament.

3. Resolved, That the House of Commons, in committing to Newgate, Daniel Horne, Henry Basse, and John Paton, junior, John Paty, and John Oviat, for commencing and prosecuting an Action at Common Law against the late Constables of Aylesbury, for not allowing their Votes in Election of Members to serve ia Parliament, upon

: VO U U.

Pretence that their so doing was contrary to a Declaration, a Contempt of the Jurisdiction, and a Breach of the Privilege, of that House, have assumed to themselves alone a legislative Authority, by pretending to attribute the Force of a Law to their Declaration, have claimed a Jurisdiction, not warranted by the Constitution, and have assumed a new Privilege, to which they can shew no Title by the Law and Custom of Parliament, and have thereby, us farl s in them lies, subjected the Rights of Englishmen, and the Freedom of their Persons, to the arbitrary Votes oT the House of Commons.

4. Resolved, That every Englishmen, who is imprisoned by any Authority whatsoever, has an undoubted Right by his Agents, or Friends, to apply for, and obtain a Writ of Habeas Corpus, in order to procure his Liberty by dae Course of Law.

5. Resolved, That for the House of Commons to censure, or punish, any Person, for assisting a Prisoner to procure a Writ of Habeas Corpus, or by Vote, or otherwise, to deter Men from soliciting, prosecuting, and pleading upon, such Writ of Habeas Corpus, in behalf of such Prisoner, is an Attempt of dangerous Consequence, a Breach of the many good Statutes, provided for the Liberty of the Subject, and of pernicious Example, by denying the necessary Assistance to the Prisoner, upon a Commitment of the House of Commons, which has ever been allowed upon all Commitments by any Authority whatsoever.

6. Resolved, That a Writ of Error is not a Writ of Grace, but of Right, and ought not to be denied to the Subject, when duly applied for, though at the Request of either House of Parliament; the Denial thereof being an Obstruction of Justice, contrary to Magna Charta.

In these Resolutions the House of Lords have expressed that Regard and Tenderness, which they have always bad, and will ever maintain, for the Rights of the People of England, and for the Liberties of their Persons; and also their Zeal against all Innovations, to the Prejudice of the known Course of Law, whereupon the Happiness of our Constitution does depend; and they hope, that, upon Recollection, the House of Commons will be of the same Opinion in all the Particulars resolved by the Lords, and agree with their Lordships therein.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day, for the hearing the Matter of the Privilege — . Complaint, relating to SirC a. Barrington, being read; Reflection

Ordered, That the Matter of the Complaint, relating to Sir Charles Barrington, a Member of this House (of Monday last) be heard at the Bar of this House upon Friday Morning next; and that Edward Theobald do then attend this House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the taking into Consideration her Majesty's gracious Answer to the Address, relating to the Writs of Error;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do now' proceed upon the Consideration of her Majesty's gracious Answrer;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas

Cl

Tellers for the Noes,< j

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Consideration of her Majesty's said gracious Answer be adjourned until Friday Morning next

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow, at Twelve Puuisting a Clock, resolve itself into s Committee of the whole Mutiny and House, to consider further of the Bill, for punishing Desertion Mutiny and Desertion, and false Musters, and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow (after the Raising tba Committee upon the Bill, for punishing Mutiny and Militia.

Desertion

Mr. Ogle, Mr. Ash: } 72.

Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Cur son: } 106.

v

556 28° Februarii. — I — 2° Martii. A. 1704.

Desertion, and false Musters, and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters) resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Mouse upon the Bill, for raising the Militia for the Year 170.';, although the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovisy 1 die;

3 Annas Regina.

Prayers.

Pitkin's A N ingrossed Bill, for the Relief of the Creditors of Bankruptcy. Jjl Thomas Pitkin, a Bankrupt, and the better Discovery of the fraudulent Practices of him, and his Accomplices, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Pr. last, L. 22. by leaving out " by any Person or Persons, " who will sue for the same."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the Mouse; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for the Belief of the Creditors of Thomas Pitkin, a Bankrupt, and for the apprehending of him, and the Discovery of the Effects of the said Thomas Pitkin, and his Accomplices.

Ordered, That Sir Gilbert Ilcalhcote do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Answer to ! Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, Address. that their Address having been presented to her Majesty, in relation to William Stratford, Bachelor in Divinity, Chaplain to this House; her Majesty was pleased to say, That she did intend to bestow some Preferment upon him, when there is a convenient Opportunity.

Wick 'Debt The House proceeded to take into Consideration the to the Crown. Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to impower the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, to compound with Michael Wicks, Esquire, late Receiver-general of the Plantation Duties in the Port of London.

And the same was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and is as iblloweth:

Ordered, That the Lord William Powlet do carry the Bill to the Lords, and' acquaint them, that this House , hath agreed to the said Amendment.

Report of The Order of the Day being read, for'taking into Conference Consideration the Report of the Conference with the vith Lord . Lords;

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Report be postponed until after the Committee of the whole House upon the Bill, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Musters, and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters.

j'unisliing The I louse (according to Order) resolved itself into a

Mutiny and Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the l)«#euion. BUI, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false , Musters, and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Lownds took the Chair of the Committee.

.Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. -Air. Lownds reported from the said Committee, that they' had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, . when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

A Complaint being made to the House, that one James Mellott hath spoken reflecting Words upon Sir George Warburton, and Sir Roger Members of this

House, in relation to their voting and acting in this House;

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Complaint be heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the same be heard at the Bar of this House upon Tomorrow Sevennight; and that the said James Mellott do then attend this House.

The House (according to Order) proceeded to take into Consideration the Report from the Conference with the Lords Yesterday.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Alanagers, that managed the last Conference, to draw up what is proper to be offered to the Lords at the next Conference; and that they do withdraw into the Speaker's Chamber, and do sit de die in diem, and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Then the House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for raising the Militia for the Year 1705, although the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Lownds took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Lownds reported from the Committee, that they

had gone through the Bill, and made some Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Alorning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Alorning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 2 die;

3 Ann® Regina.

Prayers.

MR. Lownds (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Musters, and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters, was committed, the Amendments which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout; and all of them, to Clause B, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,-agreed unto by the House.

Clause B, being read a Second time, relating to Colonel Percivall; the same was amended by the House.

And the Question being put, that the House do agreo with the Committee in the said Amendment The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

TeltafortheYe ^; . } 66.

TeUen, for the Noe, } 7«-

So it passed in the Negative.

Clause C, being read a Second time, relating to Sir Patrick Dun, and others; the same was amended by the House.

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Clause D, being read a Second time, relating to Colonel Fenner; the same w as amended by the House.

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment, so amended.

Clause

Privilege — Reflections on Members

Report of Conference with Lords.

Raising the Militia.

Punishing

Mutiny and Desertion.

3 Ann. a,' — 30 557

Clause E, being read a Second time, relating to Plunket

Plunket:

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Clause F, being read a Second time, relating to Colonel Rise; the same was amended by the House.

Resolved', That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Amendment, so amended:

Clause G, being read a Second time, relating to *

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment.

Clause I, being read a Second time, relating to

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks filled up; and the Clause, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Eill

And the same was once read.

And the Question being put. That the Clause be read Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Lorwnds also reported from the said Committee,

that they had directed him to acquaint the House, that in the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Colonel Rise was referred, there is inserted, in Two Places, That it appeared, upon the Evidence of the Right Honourable the Lord Coningsby, §c. whenas it was a Mistake; for that the Lord Coningsby did not give any such evidence at the Committee.

Which Mistake the Committee were of Opinion ought to be rectified.

And he moved, that the said Mistake might be rectified accordingly, and the Words, " Lord Coningsby," be struck out of the Report.

Ordered, That the said Words be struck out of the said "Report

And the said Words were struck out accordingly.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard, and Doctor Edisbury:

Mr. Speaker,

Recruiting The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Land Forces, for the better recruiting her Majesty's Land Forces, and the Marines, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Five, without any Amendment:

Correspond- Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An «ice with Act to prevent all traiterous Correspondence with her Enemies. Majesty's Enemies, with an Amendment; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Supply Bill; Low Wines.

Supply Bill; Subsidy on Wines.

Ordered, That Mr. Knatchbull have Leave to make a Motion, it being past One a Clock:

And he moved accordingly.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to remind their Lordships of the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing Duties upon low Wines, and upon Coffee, Tea, Chocolate, Spices, and Pictures, and upon Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, and upon Muslins, and for granting new Duties upon several of the said Commodities, and also upon Callicoes, China-ware, and Drugs, sent up to their Lordships on the Twentieth of February last: And also of the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to her Majesty a further Subsidy on Wine and Merchandizes imported, sent up to their Lordships on the Twenty-second of February last; which were so seasonably dis- patched by this House, and are so necessary for suppressing the arbitrary power of the French King, and consequently the Growth of Popery.

V o l. 14.

Ordered, That Mr. Knatchbull do carry the said Message.

The Order of the Day being read, for the hearing the Privilege-Matter of the Complaint against Edward Theobalds; Reflection And the Serjeant at Arms being called upon, to give.<maMeml>er' an Account of what had been done for the summoning the said Edward Theobalds',

He gave the House an Account thereof accordingly.

That his Messenger had been at Lees, in Essex, to summons him; but that he was informed, he came to on Tuesday last; but that he left the order with the Earl of Manchesters Porter there.

Whereupon Edward Sorrell, Mark Draper, and Marryott, were severally called in, and examined; and then withdrew.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That it appears to this House, that Edward Theobalds is guilty of false and scandalous Reflections upon Sir Charles Barrington,

Knight of the Shire for the County of Essex; and of misrepresenting his voting and acting in this House, to the Freeholders of the said County.

Ordered, That the said Edward Theobalds, for his said Breach of Privilege, and Contempt of the Order of this House, in not appearing, upon Summons, duly served, be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Resolved, That to asperse any Member of the House Resolution of Commons with being in the Interest of the pretended aSai?8t " Prince of Wales, or the French Government, for or in re- Member spect of his Behaviour and Proceedings in the House of with sup-Commons, is villainous and seditious, destructive of the porting the Liberties of Parliament, and the Freedom of Elections, Prelen<ler and tends to create a Misunderstanding between her Majesty and her Subjects.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Ttaising the whole House, to whom the Bill, for raising the Militia for Militia, the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Five, although the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, was committed, be made Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 3 die Martii;

3 Annas Regina. '

Prayers.

MR. Lorwnds reported from the Committee of the Raising the whole House, to whom the Bill, for raising the Militia. Militia for the Year One thousand seven hundred and Five, although the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, was committed, the Amendments they had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon (with Amendments to Clause A) agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill, for punishing Mutiny and Deser- Punishing tion, and false Musters, and for the better Payment of Mutiny and the Army, and Quarters, was read the Third time. Desertion.

And several Amendments being severally proposed to be made, as followed); viz.

Pr. 16. L. ,5. to insert " Prince George Hereditary of " Denmark

Pr. 18. L. 27. fill the Blank with " Two

L. 36, 37, 38. leave out " upon the First Day " of July, in the Year of our Lord 1705, or Six Days " after

7 B Pr.

558 3° — 5® — 6° Martii. A. 1704.

Pr. 19. L. 4. after " Time" to insert " that is to say Pr. 22. L. 2. leave out " and shall suffer as in Case of Felony:"

Pr. 27. L. # to leave out " relating

Pr. 29. L. to leave out " due to," and insert

claimed by

Pr. 30. L. 2. after " charged" to insert " with Pr. L. the same Amendment:

The same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended At the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Musters, and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters.

Ordered, That Mr. Lawnds do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Privilege_ The Earl of Dysert reported from the Committee, ap-

Writs of Er- pointed to examine, what Persons have been concerned ror in Ayle»- m soliciting, prosecuting, or pleading upon, the Writs of % uiy Case. Habeas Corpus, or Writs of Error, on the behalf of Persons committed to Newgate for Breach of the Privileges of this House, or what other Persons have promoted or abetted the same, that, upon the Examination of Witnesses, it appeared to the Committee, that one Mr. # Clifton, being summoned to attend the said Committee, did not appear, though his Wife owned, he bad the said Summons, and told her, he would attend accordingly.

Mr. Smith, One of the Officers of the Prison of Newgate, said, that the said Mr. Clifton used to come often to the Prison, to visit the Five Prisoners, committed thither by this House; and he has received of him about 15 Lfor their lodging, and about 5 more of the Turnkey, that has been left with him, upon the same Account, by Persons unknown to him.

That there is nothing owing for their Lodging but since Saturday Night

That they paid 50$. per Week for their Lodging, and used to provide their Diet from the Sutler's.

And that the Committee having issued out several Summons, for Mr. Henry Cesar, One of the Cursitors of London and Middlesex, to attend them, in order to give the Committee an Account, what Persons had applied to him, to make out Writs of Error on the behalf of John Oviat, and the other Prisoners, lately committed by this House to Newgate; it appeared, upon the Examination of Kingham, the Messenger, who served the said Summons, that he left a Copy of the said Summons on Tuesday Night at Mr. Cesar's Chamber at Symonds Inn, with his Laundress, he not being within: That the said Messenger since lefta Second Summons at the said Mr. Cesar's Chamber, who has not obeyed the same.

And a Debate arising in the House upon the said Re-

54

port;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Debate be adjourned;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tenerafor y Sr ST; }

TeU fortoN f }

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, that Mr. Clifton, having been summoned to attend a Committee of tins House, and not attending thereupon, is guilty of a Contempt, and of a Breach of the Privilege, of this House.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Clifton be, for his said Contempt, and Breach of Privilege, taken into the Cus-ytody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Resolved, That it appears to this House that Mr. Henry Cesar, One of the Cursitors of London and Middlesex, having been summoned to attend a Committee of this House, and not attending thereupon, is guilty of a Contempt, and of a Breach of the Privilege, of this Houses

Ordered, That the said Mr. Henry Cesar be, for his said Contempt, and Breach of Privilege, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna, 5 die Martii',

3 Annas Regina.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill, for raising the Militia for the Year Raisin® th One thousand Seven hundred and Five, although the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act for raising the Militia for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Five, although the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid.

Ordered, That Mr. Monckton do carry the Bill to the.

Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford, and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act pitkin # for the Relief of the Creditors of Thom . a Bank- Bankruptcy,

rupt, and for the apprehending of him, and the Discovery of the Effects of the said Thomas Pitkin, and his Accomplices, without any Amendment:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Probibitin; Act for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France, CoTIV,erce ' with an Amendment; to which they desire the Concur- wu niBC ‘ rence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The said Amendment being read, is, as followeth:

Pr. 2. L. 29. Leave out thfe Clause, beginning at " And " whereas," to "Provided," in 3d Pr. 17. L. touching Bills of Exchange.

The said Amendment being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment.

Ordered, That Mr. Smith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendment

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to put Poor Relief; them in mind of the Bill, intituled, An Act for the' Relief, Employment, and Settlement, of the Poor; the Matter whereof has been so often recommended from the Throne, and is so much for the publick Advantage, and Ease of Her Majesty's Subjects.

Ordered, That Mr. Pool do carry the said Message to the Lords.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 6 die Martii;

3 Ann® Regina.

Praters.

THE House took into ... the Amendment, made by Correspond.

the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to ffre- wltl> vent all traitorous Correspondence with her Majesty's nemiM Enemies.

And the same, being read, is, as followeth:

The Amendment being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

a Ordered,

Privilege — Habeas Corpus for Persons connected in Aylesbury Case.

Answer to Lords respecting AVrits of Error in Aylesbury Case.

3 Ann. 6° Mart 559

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to draw up Reasons, to be offered to the Lords at a Conference, for disagreeing to the said Amendment:

And it is referred to Lord William Mr. Smith,

Mr. Hern, Mr. Gould, Sir Jeffery Mr. , Lord Marquis Hartington, Sir Gilbert Heathcot, Mr.

Ccesar, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Champneys, Mr. Mr.

Paltncs, Sir Tho. Pelham, Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Mr. Musgnroe, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Sir Henry

Lyddell, Mr. Jesop, Sir Alex. Sir Francis

Alassam, Mr. Dryden, Sir Francis Lee, Sir Thomas Hob son, Sir Gerv. Etices, Mr. Fleming, Mr. Mr.

Curson, Sir Wm. St. Quintin, Sir Wm. Strickland: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, acquainted the House, that a Person had this Morning brought him a Writ of Habeas Corpus, under the Great Seal, for Mr. Mountague, in his Custody by Order of this House, to be brought (as he was informed) before the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of England: And he delivered the Writ (under Seal) in at the Table.

And it appearing, by the Label, tof be returnable immediate, but not before whom he was to be brought, nor any Officers Name thereto; the Writ was opened by the Clerk, and read, and is, as followeth:

ANNA, Dei gratis, Angliae, Scoriae, Franciae, et Hibernia:, Regina, fidei defensor, &c. Samueli Powell, Ar. Servien. ad arma attenden. honorabilem Dorn. Commun. ejus deputato et deputatis, salutem. Praecipitnus vobis, et cuilibet vestrftm, quod corpus Jacobi Mountague, Ar. nuper capt. et in custodia vestra, vel alicujus vel unius vestr&m, ut dicitur, detent, sub salvo et securo conductu, uni cum die et causa captionis et detenrionis prsedicti Mountague, quocunque nomine idem Mountague conseatur in eadem, habeatis, seu aliquis vel unus vestrhm habeat, coram prsedilecto et fideli nostro prse-honorabiii, Nathan Wright, Mil. Domino Custode magni sigilli nostri AnglitB, apud domum suam in parochiaSancti-Egidii in campis, in comitatu Middlesex, immediate post rcceptionem hujus brevis, ad faciendum, subjiciendum, et recipiendum, ca omnia et singula, quae dictus Dominus Custos magni sigilli nostri Angliae de eo adtunc et ibidem cons, in hac parte: Et habeatis, seu aliquis vel unus ve-strum habeat, ibi hoc breve. Teste meipsa apud Westm. 6' die Martii, anno regni nostri tertio.

The Label: Samuel Powell, Servien. ad arma, &c. H. Cor. pro Montague, Ar. r. immediate.

Endorsed: Per statutum tricesimo primo Caroli se-cundi Regis.

Tl»e Serjeant also acquainted the House, that he heard, there was another Habeas Corpus granted for Mr. Denton, in his Custody also.

While the Matter (upon Occasion of the §rst mentioned Whit) was debating, the Serjeant acquainted the Ho ue, that the other Writ of Habeas Corpus was just served upon hi Deputy, who had Mr. Denlon in his Custody: And he ulso delivered the same in at the Clerks Table; where it was read; and was the same, mutatis mutandis, with the former.

And the Precedents, of what was done in the Year 1675, were, by Order, read.

And several Members mentioned, upon their Memory, what was done in the Year 1680, in the Case of one Mr.

Sheridan.

But the House were of Opinion, that any Person, committed by the House of Commons, w ere not bailable within the Act of Habeas of 31 Car. ;but

came not then to any Resolution.

Mr. Bromley reported from the Committee, appointed to draw up what is proper to be offered to the Lords at the next Conference, that they had drawn up the same accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which lie read in lib Place, and afterwards

Vox.. 14.

delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was twice read; and, with some Amendments, agreed unto by the House, and is, as foHoweth:

The Commons have desired this Confererice with your Lordships, in order to preserve that good Correspondence between the Two Houses, which the Commons shall always sincerely endeavour to maintain; and which is so particularly necessary at this Time of common Danger, that the Commons would not engage in any thing, that looks like a Dispute with your Lordships, were it not for the Necessity of vindicating, from a manifest Invasion, the Privileges of all the Commons of England (with which the House of Commons is intrusted) even those Privileges, which are essential, not only to the well-being, but to the very being, of an House of Commons, and the preventing the ill Consequences of those Misunderstandings, which, if they are not speedily removed, must otherwise interrupt the happy Conclusion of this Session, and the Proceedings of all future Parliaments.

It was this Consideration alone has so long prevailed with the House of Commons, not to insist on due Reparation for those violent and unparliamentary Attempts, made by your Lordships upon their Rights arid Privileges at the End of die last Session of Parliament, but to apply themselves to the giving the speediest Dispatch to those Supplies, which her Majesty so earnestly recommended from the Throne; which are so necessary to enable her Majesty to pursue the Advantages, that have been obtained against the common Enemy by the great and glorious Successes of her Majesty's Arms; and which are now delayed in your Lordships House in so unusual a manner.

The Commons do agree to your Lordships, that, when either House of Parliament have apprehended the Proceedings of the other to be liable to Exceptions, the ancient parliamentary Method has often been tt> ask a Conference; because it ought to be supposed, that, when the Matters are fairly laid open, and debated, that, which may have been amiss, will be rectified, or else the House, that made the Objections, will be satisfied, that their Complaint was not well grounded; But your Lordships seem so little to desire to have Matters fairly laid open, and debated, that to the great Surprize of the Commons, when your Lordships had invited them to a Conference about some ancient fundamental Liberties of the Kingdom, they found only the ancient and fuudamental Rights of the House of Commons, and their Proceedings, censured, and treated in a Manner unknown to former Parliaments; and that your Lordships had anticipated all Debates, by delivering positive Resolutions; and these Proceedings of your lordships grounded only upon the Petitions of Criminals, that had fallen under the just Censure and Displeasure of the Commons, and upon a printed Paper, which was not regularly before your Lordships.

Though this Manner of proceeding, as well as the Matter of your Lordships Resolutions, might have justified the House of Commons in refusing to continue Conferences with your Lordships, as their Predecessors have done upon less Occasions; and though the Commons cannot submit their Privileges to be determined, or examined, by your Lordships, upon any Pretence whatsoever; yet, that nothing may be wanting, on their Part, to induce your Lordships to retract these Resolutions, they proceed to take them into their Consideration.

Your Lordships first Resolution is, vis. " That neither " House of Parliament hath any Power, by any Y'ote, " or Declaration, to create to themselves any new Privilege, that is not warranted by the known Laws and " Customs of Parliament."

As the Commons have guided themselves by this Rule, in asserting their Privileges, so they wish, your Lordships had observed it in all your Proceedings. 'I his had mtirely taken away all Colour for Disputes between her Majesty's Two Houses of Parliament, and many just Occasions of Complaint from those the Commons represent: This would effectually put an End to that Encroachment in Judicature, so lately assumed by your Lordships, and so often complained of by the Commons we mean, the

hearing

O

A rawer to Lords respecting Writs ot Error in Aylesbury Case.

560 6° Maftii. 1704.

hearing of Appeals from Courts of Equity, in your Lordships House; This would have hindered the bringing of original Causes before your Lordships, and your unwarrantable Proceedings upon the Petition of Thomas Lord,

complaining of an Order of the Court of Exchequer, bearing Date the 15th of July, 1701, for filing the Record of a Survey of the Honour of , and Lordship of

Middleham, in the County of York; an Attempt, which, contrary to the -ancient legal Judicature of Parliament, heretofore exercised for the Relief of the Subject, oppressed by the Power of the great Men of the Realm, was in Favour of One of your own Body, to suppress a publick Record, which all her Majesty sjSubjects had an undoubted Right to make use of; an Attempt, that tends to render all Fines and Recoveries, and other Records (upon which Estates and Titles depend) precarious, and consequently subjects the Rights and Properties of all the Commons of England to an illegal and arbitrary Power.

A due Regard to the same Rule would have prevented your Lordships entertaining the Petitions, mentioned at the last Conference; which set forth, that the Lords having given Judgment, in the Case of Ashby and White, viz. " That, by the known Laws of this Kingdom, every Free- holder, or other Person, having a Right to give his Vote " at the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, and " being wilfully denied, or hindered, so to do, by the " Officer, who ought to receive the same, may maintain " an Action in the Queen's Courts against such Officer, to " assert his Right, and recover Damages for the Injury;" the Petitioners thereupon brought the like Actions in their own Cases: Whereby an'extrajudicial Vote of your Lordships is stated as a Judgment of Parliament, and standing Law in that Case; your Lordships having no Foundation for the entertaining such Petitions, unless that, after having assumed to yourselves the hearing of Appeals from Courts of Equity, you would now bring Appeals to your Lordships from the Proceedings of the Commons, who are not accountable to your Lordships for them.

Your Lordships SeccAid Resolution is, " That every " Freeman of England, who apprehends himself to be injured, has a Right to seek Redress by Action at Law; " and that the commencing and prosecuting an Action " at Common Law against any Person, not intitled to " Privilege of Parliament, is no Breach of the Privilege " of Parliament."

To which the Commons say, that every Freeman, and every Subject of England', has a Right to seek Redress for any Injury; but then such Person must apply for that Redress to the proper Court, which hath, by ancient Laws, and Usage, the Cognizance of such Matters: For should your Lordships Resolution be taken as an universal Proposition, all Distinction of the several Courts, viz. Commou Law, Equity, Ecclesiastical, Admiralty, and other Courts, will be destroyed; and in this Confusion of Jurisdiction the high Court of Parliament is involved in your Lordships Resolution.

However, the Commons conceive it no Wonder, your Lordships should favour the universal Propositions, that all Rights, whatsoever, are to be redressed by Actions at Law, when your Lordships pretend to have the last Resort in Cases of Judicature, by Writs of Error; so that your Lordships are, in this, only extending your own Judicature, under the Colour of a Regard and Tenderness for the Rights of the People, and Liberties of their Persons.

The Commons are surprized, to find your Lordships assert, that the commencing and prosecuting an Action against a Person, not intitled to Privilege of Parliament, is no Breach of the Privilege of Parliament; since it is most certain, that to commence and prosecute an Action, which would bring any Matter, or Cause, solely cognizable in Parliament, to the Examination and Determination of any other Court, is more destructive to the Privileges of Parliament, than to commence and prosecute an Action against a Person only, w ho is intitled to such Privilege.

That some Matters, and Causes, are solely cognizable in Parliament, hath ever been allowed by the sage Judges of the Law, and is evident from many Precedents; and to

bring such Causes to the Determination of other Courts strikes at the very Foundation of all Parliamentary Jurisdiction, which is the only Basis, and Support, even of that personal Privilege, to which the Members of either House of Parliament are intitled; and consequently, to commence and prosecute any Action, whereby to draw such Causes to the Examination of other Courts, is equally a Breach of the Privilege of Parliament, whether the Defendant, against whom such Action is brought, is intitled to the Privilege of Parliament, or not; which, besides the Nature and Reason of the Thing, is fully evident from the constant Usage of each House of Parliament, in committing for Contempts only against their respective Bodies, as appears from many Precedents upon the Journals of both Houses.

Your Lordships Third Resolution is thus, viz. " That " the House of Commons, in committing to Newgate " Daniel Horne, Henry Basse, and Pal on, junior, " John Paty, and JohnOviat, for commencing and " prosecuting an Action at Common Law against the " Constables of Ailesbury, for not allowing their Votes " in Election of Members to serve in Parliament, upon " Pretence, that their so doing was contrary to a Declaration, a Contempt of the Jurisdiction, and a Breach of " the Privilege, of that House, have assumed to themselves alone a legislative Authority, by pretending to " attribute the Force of a Law to their Declaration, have " claimed a Jurisdiction, not warranted by the Constitution, and have assumed a new Privilege, to which " they can shew no Title by the Laws and Customs of " Parliament, and have thereby, as far as in them lies, " subjected the Rights of Englishmen, and the Freedom " of their Persons, to the arbitrary Votes of the House " of Commons."

In Answer to which the Commons affirm, that the said Commitment is justified by ancient Precedents, and by the Usage and Customs of Parliament, which is the Law of Parliament, and the Rule, by which either House ought to govern their Proceedings; and that the Terms, of assuming to themselves alone a legislative Authority, of attributing the Force of a Law to their Declaration, of claiming a Jurisdiction, not warranted by the Constitution, of assuming a new Privilege, to which they can shew no Title by the Law and Custom of Parliament, and of arbitrary Votes, are more applicable to this Resolution of your Lordships, which hath no One Precedent to justify it.

According to the known Laws and Usage of Parliament, it is the sole Right of the Commons of England, in Parliament assembled (except in Cases, otherwise provided for by Act of Parliament) to examine and determine all Matters, relating to the Right of Election of their own Members.

And, according to the known Laws and Usage of Parliament; neither the Qualification of any Elector, nor the Right of any Person elected, is cognizable or determinable otherwise, than before the Commons of England, in Parliament assembled, excepting such Cases, as are specially provided for by Act of Parliament:

And, were it otherwise, the Mayors, Bailiffs, and other Officers, who are obliged to take the Poll at Elections, and make a Return thereupon, would be exposed to Multiplicity of Actions, vexatious Suits, and insupportable Expences; and such Officers would be subjected to different and independent Jurisdictions, and inconsistent Determinations, in the same Case, without Relief.

And the Exercise of this Power by the House of Commons is warranted by a long uncontested Possession, and confirmed by the Act, that passed 70 et 8 3. Cap. 7.

And the House of Commons must be owned to be the only Jurisdiction, that can allow7 the Elector his Vote, and settle and establish the Right of it; the last Determination in that House being, by that Act of Parliament, declared to be the standing Rule for the Right of Election in each respective Place.

Nor can any Elector suffer cither Injury, or Damage, by the Officer's denying his Vote; for, when the Elector

hath

3- Ann. 6s MartiL 561

hath named the Person, he would have _ represent him, his Vote is effectually given, both as to his own Right and Privilege, and as it avails the Candidate in his Elec tion, and is ever allowed, when it comes in question in the House of Comtnous, whether the Officer had any Regard to it, or no.

' In the Beginning of the Parliament, held 28 Eliz. Mi . Speaker acquaints the House, that he had received, by the Lead Chancellor, her Majesty's Pleasure, that she was Sorry, the House was troubled with the Matter of detei -mining the chusing and returning of Knights for the County of Norfolke: That it was improper for the House

to meddle in it, which was proper for the Lord Chancellor, whence the Writs issued out, and whither they were returnable: That her Majesty had appointed the Lord Chancellor to confer therein with the Judges, and, upon examining the same, to set down such Course, as to Justice and Right should appertain.

November 9th, a Committee was appointed, to examine, and state, the Circumstances of the Return of the Knights for the County of

And on Friday, November 11 th, Mr. Cromwell reports the Case of the Norfolke Election, very largely; in which Report are these following Resolutions:

1. That the said Writ was duly executed.

" 2. That it was a pernicious Precedent, that anew Writ should issue, without the Order of this House.

' 3. That the discussing or judging of this, and suchlike Differences, only belonged to the said House.

4. That, though the Lord Chancellor, and Judges, are Competent Judges in their Courts, they are not so in Parliament

‘ 5. That, it should be entered in the Journal Bode of the House, that the first Election is good, and that the Knights, then chosen, were received and allowed as Members of the House, not out of any Respect the House had or gave to the Lord Chancellors Judgment therein passed, but merely by reason of the Resolution of the House itself by which the said Election had been approved.

6. That there should be no Message sent to the Lord Chancellor, not so much as to let him know what was done therein; because it was derogatory to the Power and Privilege of the said House.

It also appears, that Sir Edmund Anderson, Lord Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, was acquainted, that the Explanation, and ordering, of the Cause appertained only to the Censure of the House of Commons, not to the Lord Chancellor, and the Judges; and that they should take no Notice of their having done any thing in it.

: Accordingly Mr. Farmer and Mr. Gresham were received into the House, and took the Oaths, being admitted only upon the Censure of the House, not as allowed by the Lord Chancellor, or the Judges; and so ordered to be set do« n and entered by the Clerk.

And this Right of jthe Commons, to determine their Own Elections, has never been disputed since the Case of Sir Francis Goodwyn, the 1st I. when the Lords would have enquired into the Proceedings of the House Of Commons upon his Election; but the Commons then told their Lordships, it did not stand with the Honour of the House to give Account to their Lordships of any their Proceedings, or Doings.

And in the Reasons of their Proceedings in that Case, which they laid, by Petition, before the King, among other Things, they say, They are a Part of the Body, to make new Laws; yet, for any Matter of Privileges of their House, they are, and ever have been, a Court of themselves, of sufficient Pow er to discern, and determine, without the Lords, as the Lords have always used to do theirs, without them.

In which Reasons, as well as in their Apoloey afterwards to that Prince, the House of Commons did, above tm hundred Years since, so clearly, and with so much Strength of Reason, assert their Right in the Matter of the Election of their Members. The Commons think it their Duty to resist all Attempts, whatsoever, to invadd them.

s' Vol. Hi

And, upon this Occasion, it may not be improper to cite the Opinion the House of Commons had of the Judges intennedling in Matters of their Elections, as they have delivered it in the aforesaid Apology, in these Words; vii,

" Neither thought wef that the Judges Opinion (which " yet in due Place we greatly reverence, being delivered " with the Common Law, which extends only to inferior " and standing Courts) ought to bring any Prejudice to " this high Court of Parliament} whose Power, being " above the Law, is not founded on the Common Laws " but they have their Rights and Privileges peculiar to " themselves."

When the Earl of Shaftsbury was Lord Chancellor, Writs issued, during a Prorogation of Parliament, for electing Members, in tire Room of those, that were dead. The King himself was so cautious, as to the Regularity of this Proceeding, and had so much Regard to the Privileges of the House of-Commons, that at the next Session of Parliament, 5° Februarii, 1672, he spoke to the Commons from the Throne, in these Words:

" One Thing I forgot to mention, which happened If. during this Prorogation; I did give Orders for the issuiag some Writs, for the Election of Members instead " of those, that are dead, that the House might be full at " their Meeting; and I am mistaken, if this be not according to former Precedents: But I desire you will " not fall to other Business till you have examined that " Particular ;-and I doubt not, but Precedents will justify " what is done. I am as careful of all your Privileges, " as of my own Prerogative."

6 February, 1672, the House of Commons took thas Matter into Consideration: And several Precedents being cited, and the Matter at large debated; and the general Sense and Opinion of the House being, that, during the Continuance of the high Court of Parliament, the Right and Power of issuing Writs, for electing Members to serve in this House, in such Places, as are vacant, is in this House, who are the proper Judges also of Elections and Returns of their Members;

Thereupon it was resolved, That all Elections, upon the Writs issued since the last Session, are void; and that Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make.out uew Writs lor those Places: Which was done accordingly.

No other Court, than the House of Commons, hath ever had the Determination of the Elections, or any Cognizance of such Causes, except whereby Acts of Parliament directed; and such an Action, as those against the late Constables of Aylsbury, to bring the Right of voting ini an Election in question in the Courts of Law, is a new Invention, never heard of before; which (as new Devices in the Law are generally attended with Inconveniencies and Absurdities) was plainly to subject the Elections of all the Members of the House of Commons to the Determination of other Courts.

This undoubted Privilege and Jurisdiction, the Commons think, will warrant these Commitments, if the late Declaration (which is agreeable,to, and cannot lessen, their ancient Right) had never been made.

For it is the ancient and undoubted Right of the House of Commons, to-commit for Breach of Privilege; and the Instances of their committing Persons, not Members of the House, for Breach of Privilege, and that to any her Majesty's Prisons, are ancient, so mauv, and so well known to your Lordships, that the Commons think it needless to produce them.

- And it being the Privilege of the House of Commons to have the sole Examination , and Determination of all Causes relating to their Elections, as aforesaid; it follows, that any Attempt, to draw such Causes to the Determination of any other Court, is a Breach of the Privilege of the House of Commons, for which the Person offending may be committed by the Commons.

And here we cannot but take notice of that unreasonable, as well as unnatural, Insinuation,whereby your Lord-shipr endeavour to separate the Interest of the People from

7 C their

Answer ttf Lords respecting Writs of Error in Aylesbury Cast.

Answer to Lords respecting Writs of Error in Aylesbury Case

56a 6° Martii. A. 1704.

their Representatives in Parliament; who pretend to no Privileges, but upon their Account, and for their Benefit; and are sorry to say, they ave thus severely reflected on by your Lordships, for no other Reason, but for their interposing, to preserve the Rights of the People, and their Liberties, from your Lordships arbitrary Determinations.

Your Lordships Fourth Resolution is,

" That every Englishmen, who is imprisoned by any u Authority whatsoever, has an undoubted Right by his " Agents, or Friends, to apply for, and obtain, a Writ of " Habeas Corpus, in order to procure his Liberty by due " Course of Law."

The Commons do not deny, that every,

who is imprisoned by any Authority whatsoever, has an undoubted Right to aipply, by his Agents, or Friends, in order to procure his Liberty by due Course of Law; provided, such Application be made to the proper Place, and in a proper Manner: As, upon the Commitments of the House of Commons (which sometimes are not, as other Commitments, in order to bring to Tryal, but are, in Cases of Breach of Privilege, arid Contempt, the proper Punishment of the House of Commons) the Application Ought to be to that House.

The Commons are so willing to allow, and encourage, every Englishmen to apply, by his Friends, or Agents, to obtain a Writ of Habeas Corpus, in order to procure his Liberty by due Course of Law, that they have not censured any Person, merely for applying for such Writ of Habeas Corpus, even in Cases, where by due Process of Law the Prisoners cannot be discharged: For the Commons must observe, that ill many Cases a Prisoner cannot, upon a Writ of Habeas Corpus, obtain his Liberty; as in Cases of Commitment in Execution, or for Contempt to any Court of Record, or by virtue of mesne Process, or the like; and in the Act of Habeas Corpus several Cases are expressly excepted: And that no Person, committed for any Contempt, of Breach of the Privilege, by the House of Commons, can be discharged upon a Writ of Habeas Corpus, or by any other Authority, than

that of the House, during that Session of Parliament, is plain from the following Precedents:

23 Mail, i Jac. I.

" Jones,the Prisoner, to be sent for hither, and to

M attend his Discharge from the House.- —

" That the Prisoners, committed by ns, cannot be w taken from us, and committed by any other."

In May, 1675, the House of Commons having resolved, That there lay no Appeal to the Judicature of the Lords from Courts of Equity; and that no Member of the House should prosecute any Appeal from any Court of Equity, before the House of LordB; Serjeant Pemberton, Serjeant Peck, Sir J Churchill, and Charles

Pm'ter, Esquire, were committed to the Custody of the Serjeant of the House, for Breach of Privilege, in having been of Counsel at the Bar of the House of Lord?, in the Prosecution of a Cause depending upon an Appeal, therein Mr. Dalmahoy, a Member of the House of Commons, was concerned.

But the Serjeant having been by Force, prevented keeping them in Custody, the Commons did, 4th June,

167.5, acquaint the Lords at a Conference, as followed); v is.

" We are further commanded to acquaint you, that u the Enlargement of the Persons, imprisoned by Order " of the House of Commons, by the Gentleman-usher of the Black Rod, and the Prohibition, with Threats,

" to all Officers, and other Persons whatsoever, not to u receive, or detain, them, is an apparent Breach of the 4 Rights and Privileges of the House of Commons;

" and they have therefore caused them to be retaken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, and have committed them to the Tower."

The said Counsel were afterwards committed to the Tower, for a Breach of Privilege, and Contempt of the Authority of the House: And the House being informed, -that the Lords had qrdered Writs of Habeas Corpus, for

bringing the Counsel to the Bar of their House; the Commons then passed the following Resolutions:

7 June, >675.

" Resolved, Nemine contradice That no Person,

" committed for Breach of Privilege, by Order of this " House, ought to be discharged, during the Session " of Parliament, but by Order, or Warrant, of this " House.

" Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the Lieute

" nant of the Tower,in receiving, and detaining in " Custody, Sir John Churchill, Serjeant Peck, Serjeant " Pemberton, and Mr. Porter, performed his Duty)

" according to Law; and for so doing he shall have the " Assistance, and Protection, of this House.

" Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the Lieute

" nant of the Tower, in case he hath received, or shall " receive, any Writ, Warrant, Order, or Commandment,

" to remove, or deliver, any Person or Persons, committed for Breach of Privilege, by any Order, or Warrant, of this House, shall not make any Return thereof " or yield any Obedience thereunto, before he hath first " acquainted this House, and received their Order, and " Directions, how to proceed therein.

Ordered, That these Resolutions be immediately " sent to the Lieutenant of the

Afterwards the Lieutenant of the Tower gave the House an Account, that he hath refused to deliver the Counsel, upon the Lords Order, signified to him by the Black Rod, because they were committed by this House; and that, after he had received the Votes of this House, he had Writs of Habeas Corpus 'brought liim, to bring the Counsel to the House of Lords, at Ten a Clock the next Morning; and humbly craved the Direction of the House, what to do.

Mr. Speaker intimated to him, he should forbear to return the Writs.

And the House came to several other Resolutions:

9th June, 1675.

" Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That no Commoner of England, committed by Order or Warrant " of the House of Commons, for Breach of Privilege, or " Contempt of that House, ought, without Order of that " House, to be, by any Writ of Habeas Corpus, or other " Authority, whatsoever, made to appear, and answer,

" and do, and receive a Determination, in the House of " Peers, during the Session of Parliament, wherein such " Person was committed.

" Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the Order of " the House of Peers, for the issuing out of Writs of " Habeas Corpus, concerning Serjeant Peck, Sir John " Churchill, Serjeant Pemberton, and Mr. Charles Porter, is insufficient, and illegal; for that it is general, and " expresses no particular Cause of Privilege; and point " mands the King's Great Seal to be put to Writs, not " returnable before tire said House of Peers.

" Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the Lord " Keeper be acquainted with these Resolutions, to the " end that the said Writ of Habeas Corpus may be " superseded, as contrary to Law, and the Privileges of " this House.

" Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That a Message be " sent to the Lords, to acquaint them, that Serjeant Peck,

" Sir John Churchill, Serjeant Pemberton, and Mr.

" Chat'les Porter, were committed by Order and Warrant of this House, for Breach of the Privilege, and " Contempt of the Authority, of this House."

22d March, 1697.

" Charles Duncombe, Esquire, having been committed u by Order of this House, and afterwards discharged by " Order of the House of Lords, w ithout the Consent of " this House;

Resolved, That no Person, committed by this Houses " can, during the same Session, be discharged by any " other Authority whatsoever.

" Resolved, That the said Charles Duncombe be taken " into the Custody of the Serjeant at Aims attending this " House."

11 These

Ann.

6° — 70 Ufartii.

These are some Instances, among many others, that might be produced upon this Occasion; and the last cannot lie but particularly remembered by ome noble Lords, that then sat in the House of Commons, and strenuously asserted this Privilege of the Commons.

Your Lordships 5th Resolution;

" Rezotoed, That for the House of Commons to cen-

" sure, or punish, any Person, for assisting a Prisoner to u procure a Writ of Habeas Corpus, or by Vote, or " otherwise, to deter Men from soliciting, prosecuting,

" and pleading upon, such Writs of Habeas Corpus, in

behalf of such Prisoner, is an Attempt of dangerous " Consequence, a Breach of the many goqd Statutes, provided for the Liberty of the Subject, and of pernicious " Example, by denying the necessacy Assistance to the " Prisoner, upon a Commitment of the House of Commons, which has ever been allowed upon all Commitmeats by any Authority whatsoever."

The Commons take this to be another Instance of your Lordships Breach of your own Rule, your Lordships being no Judges of their Privileges, though by this Resolution you seem to make a Judgment, without having beard, and knowing, what the Commons have to alledge for them.

This Attempt therefore in your Lordships is of dangerous Consequence, tending to a Breach of the good Understanding between the Two Houses, and of most pernicious Example. The Commons late Proceeding, in censuring and punishing the Counsel, that have pleaded upon the Return of the W rits of Habeas , in behalf of these Prisoners, if duly considered, a great Instance of the Temper of the House of Commons: For this House did not interpose, when the Prisoners applied to the Lord Keeper, and the Judges, to be bailed; and had the Lawyers shewn so much Modesty, as to have acquiesced in the Opinion of the Lord Keeper, and all the Judges, that these Prisoners were not bailable by the Statute of Habeas Corpus, the Commons had never taken any Notice of it: But they would not rest satisfied, without bringing on again this Case; and the Privileges of the Commons were, with great Licentiousness of Speech, denied, and insulted, in publick Court; not with any Hope, or Prospect, of Relief of the Prisoners (who, in this whole Proceeding, have apparently been only die Tools of some ill-designing Persons, that are contriving every Way to disturb the Freedom of the Commons Elections) but in order to vent these new Doctrines against the Commons of England, and with a Desigq to overthrow their fundamental Right. And after so much Inveteracy shewn to the Commons, they could not do less, than declare the Abettors, Promoters, Countenancers, or Assisters, of a Prosecution so carried on, to be guilty of conspiring to make a Difference between the Two Houses of Parliament, to be Disturbers of the Peace of the Kingdom, and to have endeavoured, as far as in them lay, to overthrow the Rights and Privileges of the Commons of England, in Parliament assembled.

And the Commons, in committing the Lawyers, have only done that Right to their Body, which your Lordships have frequently practised in Cases of personal Privilege, where any single Member of your Lordships House is concerned.

Your Lordships last Resolution; viz.

" That a Writ of Error is not a Writ of Grace, but (t of Right, and ought not, to be denied to the Subject, " when duly applied for, though at the Request of either " House of Parliament; the Denial thereof being ail " Obstruction of Justice, contrary to Mugna ."

Tire Commons shall not enter into any Consideration, whether a Writ of Error is of Right, or of Grace; they concaving it uot material in this Case, in which no Writ of Error lies, nor was ever any Writ of EVror brought or attempted, in the like Case before; and the allowing it in such Cases would not only subject all the Privileges of the House of Commons, but the Liberties of all the People of England, to thq Will and Pleasure of the House of Lords.

You 14

And when your Lordships Exercise of Judicature upon Answer to Writs of Error is considered; how unaccountable in ift Lords«-Foundation; how inconsistent it is with our Constitution, which, in all other Respects, is the wisest and happiest £rror "n in the World, to suppose the last Resort in Judicature Aylesbury and the Legislature to be differently placed? Case.

And when it is considered, how that Usurpation, in hearing of Appeals from Courts of Equity, so easily traced, though often denied, and protested against, yet still ex- ercised, and almost every Session of Parliament extended; it is not to be wondered, that, after the Success your Lordships have had in these great Advances upon our Constitution, you should now at once make an Attempt upon the whole Frame of it, by drawing the Choice of the Commons Representatives to your Determination for theft is a necessary consequence from your Lordships encouraging the late Actions, and your countenancing a Writ of Error;. which, if allowed upon such a Proceeding, plight as well be.introduced upon all Acts and Proceedings of Courts, or Magistrates of Justice: And though the present Instance has been brought on under the specious Pretence of preserving Liberty; it is obvious, the spme will as well hold to controul the bailing, and discharging, Prisoners in all Cases.

And the Commons cannot but see, how your Lordships are contriving, by all Methods, to bring the Determination of Liberty and Property into the bottomless and insatiable Gulf of your Lordships Judicature; which ' would swallow up both the Prerogatives of the Crowb, and the Rights and Liberties of the People; and which, your Lordships must give the Commons Leave to say, they have the greater Reason to dread, when they consider, ip what manner it has been exercised; the Instances whereof they forbear, because they hope, your Lordships will reform; and they desire, rather to compose the old, than to create any new, Differences.

Upon the whole, the Commons hope, that, upon due Consideration of what tfyey have laid before your Lordships, you will be fully satisfied, they have acted nothing in all these Proceedings, but what they are sufficiently justified in from Precedents, and the known Laws and Customs of Parliament; and that your Lordships have assumed and exercised Judicature, contrary to the known Laws and Customs of Parliament, and tending to the Overthrow of the Rights and Liberties of the People of England.

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, Conference upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference. desired with

Ordered, That Mr. Aislaby do go to the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

And then the House adjourned till To-monroif Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 7 die Martii;

Anno 3 Anna Reg.

Pkatirs.

THE Lord William Rowlett reported from the Com- Lor

mittee, to whom it was referred to draw up Rea- Amendment sons, to be offered to the Lords at a Conference, for dis- in'gt Cw_ agreeing to the Amendment, made by their Lordships ter respondent the Bftl, intituled, An Act to prevent all traiterous Cor- with respondence with her Majesty's Enemies; that they had E" ®! -drawn up the same accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place,

and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were twice read, and are, as followeth:

The Commons Reasons for disagreeing to the Amendment, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent all traiterous Correspondence with her Majesty's Enemies.

The Commons disagree to that Amendment, because the Exportation of the Product of England into foreign Countries is a general Benefit to the Kingdom, and ought

not

Lords agree to a Conference.

Recovering Tjthes, &c.

Supply Rill; Low Wines.

Growth of Fopery.

Bankrupts.

Lords agree to a Conference.

Conference 'With Lords.

564

7' Martii.

A.

1704.

not at any time to be discouraged; and though some Part of the Lead, exported from England, should happen to be carried to France, and be there spent in the Service of War, yet that bears a very small Proportion to what is commonly used in that Kingdom for other Occasions.

An Amendment being proposed, to leave out all from the Word " Kingdom" to the End, and to insert, " and " your Lordships Amendment may prove a great Discouragement, and Hindrance, to her Majesty's Subjects " exporting Lead into neutral Countries, which is not " the Intention of this Bill;"

The same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Reasons, so amended, as followeth:

The Commons disagree to that Amendment, because the Exportation of the Product of England into foreign Countries is a general Benefit to the Kingdom; and your Lordships Amendment may prove a great Discouragement, and Hindrance, to her Majesty's Subjects export-' Ing Lead into neutral Countries, which is not the Intension of this Bill.

Ordered, That the Lord William Powlet do go to the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

Mr. Aislaby reported, that he having been at the Lords ‘ (according to the Order Yesterday) to desire a Conference

upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference; the Lords return an Answer, That they do agree to a Con-.ference accordingly, and appointed the same presently, ,in the Painted Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Halford, and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making perpetual an Act for the more easy Recovery of small Tythes; also an Act for the more easy obtain-. ing Partition of Lands in Coparcenary, joint Tenancy, and Tenancy in common; and also for making perpetual,

: and amending several Acts, relating to the Return of Jurors, with some Amendments; to which they desire; the Concurrence of this House:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing Duties upon low Wines, and upon Coflee, Tea, Chocolate, Spices, and Pictures, and upon Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, and upon Muslins, and for granting new Duties upon several of the said Commodities, and also upon Callicoes, China-ware, and Drugs, without any Amendments:

Also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the further preventing the Growth of Popery; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House:

Also, they have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent Frauds, frequently committed by Bankrupts; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House:

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Lord William Powlet reported, that he having been at the Lords (according to Order) to desire a Conference upon the Subject-matter of the Amendment, made by their Lordships to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent all traiterous Correspondence with her Majesty's Enemies; they do agree to a Conference accordingly, and appoint the same to be this Afternoon, at Three a Clock, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Managers, that managed the last Conference, do manage the Conference, which is to be presently with the Lords.

And the Managers went to the Conference:

1 And being returned;

Mr. Bromley reported, that they had been at the Conference, and delivered to the Lords what the House had

directed.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act

for the further preventing the Growth of Popery, was Growth of read the First time. fopery.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bankrupt , to prevent Frauds, frequently committed by Bankrupts, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

The House took into'Consideration the Amendments, Recovering made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Tythe»,4(c. making perpetual an Act for the more easy Recovery of small Tythes; also an Act for the more easy obtaining Partition of Lands in Coparcenary, joint Tenancy, and Tenancy in common; and also for making perpetual, and amending several Acts, relating to the Return of Jurors.

And the same, being twice read, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, and are, as followeth; viz.

2 Skin, 35 Line. After " have" leave out to " Be" in the 13th line, 3 Skin, and read, " not proved effectual, by reason of some Defects in the said Act;

" for Remedy whereof. '

16 L. After " Five" add " during the Continuance of the said Act."

4 Skin, 17 L. After " Bailiff" add " during the Continuance of the said Act."

5 Skin, 15 L. After " Year" add " during the Continuance of the said Act."

6 Skin, 19 L. After " Pounds" leave out to " and" in the 30th Line, and read, " and every such High Con-' " stable, Constable, and Tythingman, so offending, shall be prosecuted at the general Assizes, Sessions of Oyer ' " and Terminer, or general Gaol-delivery, or Sessions

of the Peace, before the Justices thereof; who shall " have Power and Authority to hear and determine the " same,"

In the Title, 5th Line. Instead of " perpetual" read " more effectual."

Ordered, That Sir Mathew Dudley do carry the Bill to ... Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Ordered, That the Members, who were appointed to draw tip the Reasons, to be offered to the Lords at the Conference, to be had with their Lordships upon the Subject-matter of the Amendment, made by their Lordships to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent all traiterous Correspondence with her Majesty's Enemies, do manage the Conference to be had with their Lordships "this Afternoon.

And the Managers went to the Conference:

And being returned;

The Lord William Powlet reported, that they had been at the Conference, and given the Lords the Reasons for disagreeing to the said Amendment; and left the Bill, and Amendment, with the Lords.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Rickard Holford, Lords dm and Mr. Pitt: a Confer-"Mr. Speaker, *

The Lords desire a free Conference with this House Tomorrow, at One of the Clock, in the Painted Chamber, upon foe Subject-matter of the last Conference.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will send to the Lords an Answer by Messengers of their own.

And the Messengers were called in again, and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrow-Morning, Nine a Clock.

Conferents with Lords on Bill ugainsl Correspondent 1 with Enemies.

4 Ann.

Jovis, 8° die

3 Anme Regina.

Pkayebs.

AM ESS AGE from the Lords, by Sir Richard Hols'ord, and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

Correspond- We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this ence with House, that the Lords do not insist upon their Amendment, Enemies. made to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent all traiterous

Correspondence with her Majesty's Enemies.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Growth of An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Popery. for the further preventing the Growth of Popery, was (according to Order) read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn; ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ditto. A Petition of Charles Esquire, was pre-

sented to the House, and read; setting forth, that he having Two yearly Payments, of One hundred Pounds each, granted to him by Indenture, dated the 13th of December 1698, by the last Duke of Norfolke, out of the Manor of Hansworth, in Coni York; and there being An Act, for the further preventing the Growth of Popery, in passing, by which the Estate of the now Duke may be transferred to the Protestant Heir: And praying to be heard by Counsel, as to his Case, in respect of the said Act.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee.

Ditto. A Petition of John Surman, Charles Peter

Kendall, and John Pinck, Creditors of the late Duke of Norfolke, deceased, on behalf of themselves, and others of the said Creditors, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the last Duke having left more Debts, by Bond, than his Assets would satisfy, the Mother of the now Duke hath, in Commiseration of the Petitioners, who were Creditors without Specialty, paid them in Part; but hearing of the passing of the Act for the preventing the Growth of Popery, by which they are like to lose the rest of their Debts:. And praying to be heard by Counsel, that some Provision may be made for them in the said Act.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee.

Answer to Resolved, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to Lords Mes- acquaint them, that, when their Lordships sent Yesterday sage desiring in )-[ie Afternoon, after Three a Clock, to desire a free a on erence. (jonference Upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference, the House was just rising; but that this House will meet their Lordships at a free Conference, as their Lordships have desired, at such Time as their Lordships shall appoint, the Time, named Yesterday, being now past.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas lianmer do carry the said Message.

Ordered, That the Managers, who managed the last Conference, do manage the said free Conference; and that Mr. Moor, Mr. B Mr. , Mr. Hunger-Jord, be added to them.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

Raising the The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Militia. for raising the Militia for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Five, although the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, with an Amendment; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Alessengers withdrew.

V o l. 14.

Martii. 565

An ingrossed. Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Bankrupts, prevent Frauds, frequently committed by Bankrupts, was (according to Order) read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning (after the Committee upon the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the further preventing the Growth of Popery) resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Sir Thomas lianmer reported, that he having been at Lords being the Lords, to deliver the Message directed by this House, UP. Message he found, that the Lords were just up. not<le ‘vertJ

The Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, having Privilege-acquainted the House, that he had received Two Writs Habeas Cor-of Habeas Corpus, under the Great Seal of England, to persons'eom-bring before the Lord Keeper the Bodies of James Moun- nilt‘ted in tague, Esquire, and Alexander Denton, Esquire, who are Aylesbury committed to his Custody, by Warrants from the Speaker Case, of this House, for a Breach of Privilege;

Resolved, That no Commoner of England, committed by the House of Commons for Breach of Privilege, or Contempt, of that House, ought to be, by any Writ of Habeas Corpus, made to appear in any other Place, or before any other Judicature, during that Session of Parliament, wherein such Person was so committed.

Resolved, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do make no Return of, or yield any Obedience to, the said Writs of Habeas Corpus; and, for such his Refusal, that he have the Protection of the House of Commons.

Resolved, That the Lord Keeper be acquainted with the said Resolutions; to the end that the said Writs of Habeas Corpus may be superseded, as contrary to Law, and the Privileges of this House.

Ordered, That the Clerk of this House do acquaint the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of England with the said Resolutions.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 9 die Martii;

4 Annas Regina.

Praters.

THE Clerk acquainted the House, that he did, pur- The Clerk suant to their Commands, last Night wait upon acquaints the the Right Honourable the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal communi 13 of England, and acquaint his Lordship with the Resolu- eating Keso-tions of the House Yesterday, relating to the Writs of lutioiu. Habeas Corpus; and left the Resolutions with his Lordship.

The Order being read, for the hearing the Matter of Privilege — the Complaint, touching James Mellot; Ref ctl0"s

And it being proved, that Notice was given of the said ou em ers Order; and he not attending;

William Combes and Robert Royle were severally called in, and exatnined; and then withdrew.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That James Mellot is guilty of false and scandalous Reflections upon Sir George Warburton and Sir Roger Mostyn, Knights of the Shire for the County of Chester, and of misrepresenting their voting and acting in this House, to the Freeholders of the said County.

Ordered, That the said James Mellot, for his said Breach of Privilege, and Contempt of the Order of this House, in not appearing, upon Summons, duly served, be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Growth of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Popery.

7 D the

5 6

9° — 10° MartiL A 1704.

the togrossed Bill, from the Lords, Intituled, An Act for die further preventing the Growth of Popery;

A Petition of the Lady Widow, was pre-

sented to the House, and read; setting forth, that she having discharged the Funeral Expences of the last Duke of Norfolke, and paid a considerable Sum of Money to his

Bond Creditors, above the Assets left, and endeavoured to help the Creditors of a lower Nature, and paying most of them some Part of their Debts, is now, by the intended Act, for preventing the further Growdi of Popery, like to lose her Money, and be disabled to perform her further Intentions towards the said Creditors: And praying, she

may be reimbursed her said Money already.....and the Creditors relieved, and heard by Counsel

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Lady Elizabeth , the Daughter

of Henry Earl of Arundell, long since deceased, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that she having a yearly Payment, of Three hundred Pounds out of the now Duke of Norfolke's Estate, granted to her by Act of Parliament; but whether there be such Remedies, as may reach the next Protestant Kindred, who may enjoy, if the Duke does not qualify himself according to an Act, now passing, against Popery, knows not: And praying, Provision may be made for her in the said Act, that no Privilege of Parliament may obstruct her Payments.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Honourable Charles Howard, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that he is advised, in the Act, now before this House, to prevent the further Growth of Popery, there is a'Clause, to exclude intermediate Relations, educated in the Popish Religion, notwithstanding the y should afterwards conform; and he being related to some Persons, who may probably be affected by the said Act, thinks it unreasonable, he, and his Posterity, should for ever be excluded the Benefit of the said Act, in case they should comply with the same: And praying, a Saving may be added to the said Act, for the Benefit of him, and his Posterity, in case he, or they, shall comply therewith.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ditto. A Petition of Robert Scroop, Esquire, was presented

to the House, and read; setting forth, that in the Act, now before the House, for preventing the further Growth of Popery, there is a Clause, relating to intermediate Heirs, which will debar him, and his Posterity, of their Right of Inheritance, though they should qualify themselves according to the Direction of this Act: And praying to be heard by Counsel against the said Clauses.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ditto. A Petition of the Lord George Howard, One of the

Sons of Henry, formerly Duke of Norfolke, deceased, on behalf of himself, and of the Lord Frederick Howard, his Brother, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, should not the now Duke of Norfolke qualify himself according to the Act, now passing, for further preventing the Growth of Popery, nor any of his Brothers, the Petitioner, and his said Brother, Uncles to the now Duke, and to whom there is a Remainder, in Tail Male, limited of all, or most Part of, the said now Duke's Estate, hope to have Liberty to claim such Estate, if he, or his Brother, shall qualify themselves according to this Act: And praying, that Care may be taken of the Petitioners therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

L#rds agree Sir Thomas Hanmer reported, that he having been at f r«iw n Lords with the Message, Yesterday ordered, the

Growth of Popery.

Ditto.

Lords do agree to meet this House at the free Conference this Day, in the Painted Chamber.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into Growth of a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Popery- Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the'further preventing the Growth of Popery.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Meers took the Chair of the Committee.

And the Time being come, to go to the free Conference;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Meers reported from the Committee, that they had made some Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will (after the free Conference is over) resolve itself again into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard and Mr. Rogers:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Musters, and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters, with an Amendment; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Punishing Mutiny and Desertion.

Then the Managers went to the free Conference: Conference

And being returned; with Lords.

Mr. Bromley reported, that the Managers had met the Lords at the free Conference, which had lasted very long; and that, when the Managers for the Commons took Notice of some Invasions of the House of Lords, in Point of Judicature, particularly as to Appeals; the Lords broke up the Conference.

Ordered, That the Managers do draw up what had passed at the Conference and lay the same before the House, with all convenient Speed.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Growth of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Popery, consider farther of the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the further preventing the Growth of Popery.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Bankrupt , ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to prevent Frauds, frequently committed by Bankrupts.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbat i, 10° dieMartii;

4° Ann® Regina.

Praters.

THE House took into Consideration the Amend- Raising the roent, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Militia. Act for raising the Militia for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Five, although the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid.

And the same was twice read, and is, as followeth; viz. *

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to draw up Reasons, to be offered to the Lords at a Conference, for disagreeing to the said Amendment:

And it is referred to Sir IVm. Drake, Mr. Sir

Thomas Littleton, Mr. Moncton, Sir Thomas Mr.

Bulteel, Colonel Lee, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Herne, Mr.

Anstice, Mr. Pagit, Mr. Cross, Mr. Cursor, Mr. Bertie, i Mr.

Cook's Petition.

Directions as to re-delivery of certain Books.

Pitkin's Bankruptcy.

Punishing Mutiny and Desertion.

Growth of Popery.

Ditto.

Abuses of Collectors of Taxes.

4 Ann. , 10° — 120 567

Mr. Brener, Mr. Walpole, and all, for the County of Dorset and Devon: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of Samuel Cook, Gentleman, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that

Upon which the House was of Opinion, that the Officers of the Exchequer might receive the Money, and give a Tally, as this Day, though the Royal Assent be not given to the Bill.

And thereupon the Petition was withdrawn.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, that the Clerk, that attended the Committee, relating to Thomas desires to have the Direction of the House, touching the several Books brought by Mr. Brerewood before the said. Committee, and sealed up by him, and by the Committee directed to be kept by the Clerk, and which are demanded of him by Mr. Brerewood.

Ordered, That the Clerk do, upon Monday Night next, deliver to the said Mr. Brerewood the Books, so sealed up by him, by a Schedule, taking a Receipt for the same.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, Tradesmen, Clothiers, and other Creditors, of Thomas Pitkin, late of London, Linen draper, on the behalf of themselves, and the rest of the said Pitkin's Creditors, was referred, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers; and do examine the Books of Mr. Brerewood, which were brought before the said Committee, and report to the House what they find therein.

Ordered, That the Amendment, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Musters, and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters, be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

' -I

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the further preventing the Growth of Popery;

A Petition of Anne, the Wife of Phillip Saltmarsh, Esquire, One of the Daughters and Coheirs of William Mollins, late of Sherfield Court, in the County of Southampton, Esquire, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that being educated in the Protestant Religion, and continued firm ever since therein, and having a Fortune of 10,00a/. and upwards, was, by Consent of Friends, married to her said Husband, who is a Roman Catholick: That by the Bill depending in this House, for the further preventing the Growth of Popery, the Petitioner, and her Issue, may be deprived of the Benefit of the Settlement, made on her marriage: And praying to be heard by Counsel against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Meeres took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Meeres reported from the Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Holford,

and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for remedying Abuses of Collectors of several publick Taxes; and for issuing out Process, in Case of Deficiencies upon the Land Tax for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Five, only against such Places where the Deficiencies shall happen; and for relieving the Di-

VOL. 14.

vision of Kesteven, in the County of Lincoln, against the Deficiency charged thereupon for the Year One thousand Six hundred Ninety-eight; and for examining the Accounts of the Receivers and Collectors of the County of Devon, and City of Exon; with some Amendments;1 to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir William Drake reported from the Committee, to Lords whom it was referred to draw up Reasons, to be offered Amendment to the Lbrds, at a Conference, for 'disagreeing to the Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled,

An Act for raising the Militia for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Five, although the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid; that they had drawn up One Reason, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is, as followeth:

Because, by this Amendment, her Majesty's Subjects in the County of Dorsett may run the Hazard of losing a considerable Sum of Money, which was raised for the carrying on the happy Resolution, when his late Majesty King Hi I Ham (of glorious Memory) landed in the West.

An Amendment being proposed to be made therein, by adding, after " Money," these Words, " remaining " in the Hands of divers Persons, undisposed of;"

The same was, upon the Question, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Reason, so amended.

And the same is, as followeth:

Because by this A mendment, her Majesty's Subjects in the County of Dorset may run the hazard of losing a considerable Sum of Money, remaining in the Hands of divers Persons, undisposed of, which was raised for the carrying on the happy Resolution, when his late Majesty King William (of glorious Memory) landed in the West.

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords Conference upon the Subject-matter of the said Amendment desired with

Ordered, That Sir William Drake do go to the Lords, Lords and desire the said Conference.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- Bankrupt , ing next (after the Committee upon the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the further preventing the Growth of Popery) resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to prevent Frauds, frequently committed by Bankrupts.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna, 12 die Martii;

4° Annas Regina.

Praters.

THE House took into Consideration the Amend- Abuses of meats, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, Collectors An Act for remedying Abuses of Collectors of several pub- of Taxes, lick Taxes; and for the issuing out Process, in case of Deficiencies upon the Land Tax for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Five, only against such Places, where the Deficiencies shall happen; and for the relieving the Division of Kesteven, in the County of Lincoln, against the Deficiency charged thereupon for the Year One thousand Six hundred Ninety-eight; and for examining the Accounts'of the Receivers and Collectors of the County of Devon, and City of Exon.

And the said Amendments were read, and are, as follow:

In the Title, L. 10. Leave out from "Eight" to the End of the Tide.

Leave out the whole 7th Skin, which is the Clause, touching the Receiver for Devonshire.

The First Amendment being read a Second time;

Resolved,

568 i2 Martii. .1764.

Resolved\That the Consideration of the said Amendment be postponed.

The Second Amendment being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Y} 24'

Tellers for the Noe J'} 59-

So it passed in the Negative.

The House resumed the postponed Consideration of the said First Amendment.

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up Reasons, to be offered to the Lords at a Conference, for disagreeing to the said Amendments;

And it is referred to Sir William Drake, Mr. Haw, Mr. Reynell, Mr. Scobell, Sir Brian Stapleton, Colonel Bier ley, Mr. Hey sham, Mr. Bulteel, Sir Thomas Meeres, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Sir Hum. Mr. Parker,

Mr. Pole, Mr. Hem, Sir Nich. Morris', and all, that serve for the Counties of Devon and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Punishing The House proceeded to take into Consideration the

Mutiny and Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, esertion. ct for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false

Musters, and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters.

And the said Amendment being twice read, is, as follows:

Pr. 28. L. 20. Leave out from " notwithstanding" to " And" in L. 12. Pr. 33. being several Clauses, relating to Colonel VennerColonel Rice, and Colonel Richards.

And a Debate arising thereupon;

Resolved, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Raising the Sir William Di'ake reported, that he having (accord-

Militia. ing to the Order of Saturday last) been at the Lords, to desire a Conference upon the Subject-matter of the Amendment, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising the Militia for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Five, although the Month s Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid; the Lords do agree to a Conference accordingly, and appoint the same to be presently, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Members, who were appointed to draw up Reasons, to be offered at the Conference, do manage the said Conference; and that Mr. Freeman and Mr. Ward be added to them.

And the Managers went to the Conference:

And being returned;

Sir Wm. Drake reported, that the Managers had been at the Conference, and given the Lords the Reason for disagreeing to the said Amendment; and had left the Bill, nd Amendment, with the Lords.

Growth of The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

1'opeiy. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon

the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the further preventing the Growth of Popery;

Ditto. A Petition of Esme Esquire, great Uncle to

the present Duke of Norfolke, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner being entitled to receive Two hundred Pounds a Year, during his Life, out of the Duke of Norfo Lands in Norfolk, which, by the Bill now depending for the further preventing the

Growth of Popery.....And praying, a Clause may be

.inserted in the said Bill, for securing the same.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Meeres took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Meeres reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Gilbert Heatchcott reported from the Committee, to Pitkin's whom the Petition of the Merchants, Tradesmen, Clo- Creditors, thiers, and others, the Creditors of Thomas Pitkin, late of London, Linen-draper, on behalf of themselves, and all the rest of the said Pitkin's Creditors, was referred; that it appeared to the Committee, upon the Examination of Thomas Brerewood, Job Williams, and several other Persons, and upon Perusal of some of the Books, of Thomas Pitkin, and the said Thomas Brerewood,

That, since the Beginning of last June, divers great Quantities of the Goods, bought up by the said Thomas Pitkin, to the Value of Two-and-thirty thousand Pounds, and upwards, have been conveyed to the Hands of the said Thomas Brerewood, by the Aid and Assistance of the said Job Williams, and one Michael Miles, and by divers secret and fraudulent Methods disposed of, and concealed, by them.

That the Accounts in the said s Books, be-

tween him and other Persons, appear to have been duly entered with regular references; but the Accounts between him and the said Pitkin appear to have been entered at once, and without References, or Vouchers, and to be merely fictitious, and framed and contrived, with a Design to cover and conceal the Truth of the Dealings between them; and, to this End, he refuses to produce his Cash-book, pretending the same not to have been regularly kept; without which no Accounts can be fairly entered, not rightly examined.

And that thereupon the Committee had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is, . followeth:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said Thomas Brerewood has been the principal Accomplice, concerned with the said Pitkin; and the said Job Williams and Michael Miles have been privy, aiding, and assisting, to the said Thomas Pitkin; in contriving, and carrying on, the Design to cheat and defraud '

his Creditors of all the Goods, bought by him the said Pitkin within Nine Months last past.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That the said Thomas Brerewood has been the principal Accomplice, concerned with the said Pitkin; and the said Job Williams and Michael Miles have been privy, aiding, and assisting, to the said Thomas Pitkin; in contriving, and carrying on, the Design to cheat and defraud his Creditors of all the Goods, bought by him the said Pitkin within Nine Months last past

Resolved, That this Hoase will, Tomorrow Morning, Bankrupts, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to prevent Frauds, frequently committed by Bankrupts.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

4 Ann.

i 30 Martii.

Mart is, 13" die Martii 4 Ann® Regina.

Prayers.

Conference IV/T & Bromley reported, that the Managers of the free

with Louis, _L ▼ JL Conference with the Lords had (according to llabees (for drawn up what passed at the said free Conference;

pus and Wriu u 'c they had directed him to report to the House: «f Error in Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in Aylesbury at the Clerk's Table.

Case" Ordered, That the said Report be entered upon the

Journals.

And the same is, as followeth:

That the Lords, who appeared as Managers, and spoke . at this free Conference, were the Earl of Sunderland, the Lord Ferret's,the liishop of Salisbury, the Lord Haiti fax,

the Lord Wharton, and the Duke of Devonshire, Lord Steward.

That the free Conference was begun by the Managers for the Lords; who said, This Conference was desired, to maintain a good Correspondence betw een the Two Houses; which w as never more necessary, than at this time.

That the delivering Resolutions, at their First Conference, was Parliamentary; and instanced the Resolutions 3® Cai\ i-, which produced the Petition of Right

That the Lords look upon the Commons to be a great Part of the Constitution, which cannot be preserved, but by doing Right to both Houses.

That every Part of the Body politick, as well as the Body natural, ought to be kept within due Bounds: An Excess in any Member will weaken the Whole.

That this Constitution is the Wonder of the World, and Glory of this Nation: Tis founded upon Liberty, and Property; and the House of Commons hath been a great Fence and Bulwark of Liberty.

That the Lords Resolutions are very well founded, and justified by the Laws of the Land; as is their Judicature in this Case.

That it was proper for them to receive the Petitions, and make these Resolutions thereupon.

That the Lords are the great Court of Judicature; and when the Courts below have differed in Opinion, there has been Resort to the Lords, for their Judgment; as in the Case of Kindred of half Blood claiming Shares of Intestates Estates.

That, when such a Complaint comes before the Lords, they ought to give their Opinion as to the Law of the Land; and that was the Foundation of their present Resolutions.

That the First Resolution was, in Effect, agreed to by the Commons, though they go off to foreign Matters, of which the Lords take no notice.

That the Law of the Land can be altered only by the Legislature.

1'hat the Second Resolution asserts the Subject's Redress by Action at Law, &c.

That all Constitutions have reckoned this their Safety, that every Man, from the highest to the lowest, hath the Protection of the Law.

That, according to our Constitution, the Subject may contest his Right with the Crown, and upon equal Terms, with that Respect, which is due.

That this Resolution only asserts the Right, does not state the respective Courts, where the Redress is to be had: If the Party mistakes the Court, he is punished by Costs of Suit.

The Term of " privileged Causes" is new, and the Distinction unknown.

To support the Third Resolution, it was urged,

That the Breach of Privilege was not well grounded.

That it belongs to the Crown to make Declarations. The Commons did indeed make Ordinances; and, w hen their Prince was murdered, they came to Declarations.

That a Law, without Promulgation, cannot have Force >to make an Offence,

Vol. 14.

The Liberty of Mens Persons is the greatest Privilege, and not to be taken away, but in known Cases: The invading of it has shook the best Constitutions.

That the taking away the Liberty of one mean Person once endangered the Government of Rome.

That both Houses may commit for Breach of Privilege, but cannot declare any thing to be a Privilege, without good Grounds; nor, consequently, make any thing'a Contempt, that is not known to be so.

That Commitments, or Censures, have not been usual upon Actions at Law, though such Actions have brought the Proceedings, or Privileges, of either House in question.

That in the Case of Freedom of Speech, which is the greatest Privilege, there was a Judgment in King Charles the First's Reign, in the Heat of those Times, against some Members, for Speeches in Parliament. This the Commons first condemned, and then, by Conference, brought it before the Lords; who came to a Resolution, that it was erroneous, and desired the Lord Hollis to bring his Writ of Error; and thereupon it was reverse,d by the Lords, in the Time of 2d: Which shews the Care, the Lords had of the Commons Privileges.

That, in Soames and Barnadiston's Case, the Commons did not concern themselves, only in Support of the Action, when in 1678 they examined the Judgment of Reversal, as a Grievance.

That the Lords had not interposed in any Suits, which concerned the Proceedings of their House.

" That the Earl of Banbury (as he was called) was by the Lords adjudged to be no Peer: This was examined in the King's Bench, where, in Abatement of an Indictment of Murder against him, as Charles Esquire, he

pleaded his Title of an Earl; and, in Avoidance of that, the Order of the Lords was replied, and was examined by the Court, and disallowed.

That the late Bishop of St. David's was prosecuted in the Spiritual Court, and deprived, though a Member of that House; and the Lords did not interpose.

That it is the Wisdom of all Governments, to have the Law open; and that's the Difference between a legal, and an arbitrary Government.

That the Lords don't meddle with the Commons Right of determining their own Elections: They have a settled Possession of it, which is a Right: But if all the Rights of Subjects, concerned in those Elections, are to be determined there, that will bring all Questions of Freehold, and the Allowance of all Charters, and all Liberty and Property, before them.

That a Freeholder, of I'orty Shillings per Annum, has a Right of Inheritance, to which he is born; and, if his Vote is denied, he is damnified, and loses the Credit of his Vote; and if he shall only come to the House of Commons, they can neither give him Damages, nor Costs of Suit.

That a Freehold cannot be determined by any Court, which cannot give an Oath.

That the Precedents, produced, concern only the Right of determining Elections in general.

And an Action by an Elector, for lib Right of voting, does not avoid the Election.

To maintain the F'ourth Resolution, they said,

That it may be lawful for a Man to apply for his Liberty, where he cannot have it.

That the Proceedings in 1675, produced as a Precedent in this Case, w'ere upon a Matter contested between the Two Houses, and resolved differently in the Lords House: Topham, and the Lieutenant of the Tower, were both turned out; and the Ferment was so high, that the Parliament was prorogued, and soon after dissolved.

The fifth Resolution is a Consequence of the Fourth.

That the Commitment of the Lawyers was not for licentious Speech, as was insinuated at the last Conference, but for pleading upon the Return of the W rits ot Habeas Corpus.

That 'tis the particular Character of that odious Court, called the Inquisition, that nobody dares appear for, or 7 E resort

Conference wr.h Lords ret-pecting Habeas Corpus and Wriu of Lrror in Aylesbury Case.

57°

13 Martin 1704.

Conference with Lords, respecting Habeas Corpus and Writs of Error in Aylesbury Casa.

resort to, a Person imprisoned there, but he is left to the Mercy of the Court.

That Lawyers are not to be answerable for every thing the y argue: They are to do their Duty for their Clients, and the Court is to judge of it.

The Commons declining the last Resolution is an agreeing it, though not so parliamentary, as it would have been, to have agreed it directly.

That the Lords are the only proper Judges, whether the Writ of Error lies before them.

To these Arguments your Managers answered,

That they agreed the Necessity of a good Correspondence between the Two Houses, especially at this Time of common Danger, and that the Commons had fully shewn their Desire to maintain that good Correspondence, by condescending to meet their Lordships at this free Conference, although their ancient and fundamental Privileges had been called in question, and denied, by their Lordships, and that in an extraordinary and very unparliamentary Manner.

That the Delivery of Resolutions is so far from being the only Method of Conferences, that the more usual Method has been to offer Reasons, without Resolutions; and it would be very difficult to give any Instance, before this, of either House delivering positive Resolutions at a Conference, without the Reasons at the same time to support them, and that induced them to make such Resolutions.

That the Commons Answer to the I.ords First Resolution is not foreign to the Subject-matter of the Conference, because the Commons apprehended the Subject-matter to be, their Lordships denying the Privileges of the Commons, on the one hand, and their extending their own Judicature beyond its proper Limits, on the other; and therefore the Commons could uot but take notice, how for their Lordships'lmd transgressed in the Exercise of an unwarrantable Judicature, in Contradiction to that very Rule, they had laid down for the Test of the Proceedings of the Commons, and by which the Commons had strictly governed themselves.

That the Commons cannot create new Privileges; yet in Cook's 13 Reports, fol. 63. 'tis said, the Privilege of Parliament, either of the Upper House, or of the House of Commons, belongs to the Determination or Decision only of the Court of Parliament: For every Court hath a Right to adjudge their own Privileges, according to the Book of E. 4th, Sir John Posto Case.

To their Lordships Arguments fof their Second Resolution, your Managers answered,

That every Person injured hath a Right to seek Redress; but then that Redress must be sought in the Place, where the Matter is properly cognizable.

To what the Lords offered upon the Third Resolution, your Managers answered,

That Matters of Election do not belong to the Courts below, but only to the House of Commons, which hath been in long Possession of them.

That there was an Act of Parliament, made in the Time of King Henry the 6th, to give an Action for a false Return of Members to serve in Parliament, because no such Action lay at common Law, it relating to Elections.

That double Returns not being within that Statute, no Action lay in the Courts of common Law, for making any double Return, till the Statute 7 and 8 III.

That, besides the Instances given in the Answers the Commons gave to the Lords Resolutions at the last Conference, this Distinction, as to privileged Cases, is fully and undeniably warranted by the Statute, made in the 1st Year of King William and Queen , intituled, An Act, declaring the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, and settling the Succession of the Crown; where, among other Endeavours, of the late King James, to subvert and extirpate the Laws apd Liberties of the Kingdom, these are mentioned, " by violating the Freedom of Election " of Members to serve in Parliament, and by Prosecutions in the Court of King's Bench for Matters and Causes, only cognizable in Parliament."

Besides, that there are privileged Cases, as well as privileged Persons, appears from hence: A Prohibition, and afterwards an Attachment, lies, for suing in the spiritual Court for a temporal Cause, determinable in the temporal Court. There are divers Laws within this Realm, of which the common Law is but One; as appears in Cook's 1st. Inst. j. 11. B. where he mentions lex et Parliamenti, et lex communis, as distinct Laws.

As there are several Laws, so there are several Courts and Jurisdictions, and several Causes proper for those several Laws, and several Jurisdictions. Of these the high Court of Parliament is the First. Lex et consuetudo Parliamenti is a great Branch of the Law of England; and many Causes are to be determined only by that Law, as appears in the Inst.yb. 23.

Of such Caused, as are in their Nature parliamentary, and to be determined by the Law of Parliament, the common Law, and common Law Judges, have nothing to do; as further appears, 4 Inst. 14, 15. where the Expressions are very suitable to the present Controversies.

That the Persons persisting in the Prosecution of such Actions, after a Prohibition by the Commons, for that such Causes belong to their Jurisdiction, the committing them for the Breach of their Privileges in that Particular is no more than is done by the common Law Courts for a like Contempt; as, when Persons will sue, after a Prohibition, to the spiritual Courts; and the Commons usual Way to defend their Privileges, against such Invasions, has been by committing the Tools and Instrument? thereof.

It is a fundamental Maxim of the Law and Custom of Parliament, which is the highest and noblest Part of the ' Law of England, and particularly adapted to the Preservation of the Liberties of this Kingdom, that the Two Houses are independent of one another, and sole Judges of their own Rights and Privileges. That their Lordships did admit the Commons have a Privilege to judge of the Rights of their own Electors to one Intent, but not to another; but if the Commons have such a Privilege to one Intent, they must be Judges of it to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and being sole Judges thereof their Judgment cannot be legally called in question, either by Writs o i Habeas Corpus, Writs of Error, or otherwise,

in any other Court; and consequently the Proceedings in Westminster-hall, and in the House of Peers, and the

Judgment given there, are all null and void, and coram nonjudice.

The Commons Commitment, for commencing these Actions, is no more, than what they, and their Predecessors, have in all Times practised in Cases of Breach of Privilege.

In Answer to what the Lords had offered upon the Fourth Resolution, your Managers insisted, The Application of Friends, for the Liberty of any Person imprisoned, ought to be in a proper Place, and in a proper Manner; which, in this Case, ought to have been only to the House of Commons, and by the Petition of the Persons they had committed.

That the Proceedings in 1675 were so well grounded, that they must be Precedents to the Commons to follow at all Times upon the like Occasions.

To what the Lords offered upon the Fifth Resolution, your Managers answered,

The Licentiousness of Speech, used by the Lawyers, was only mentioned among other Particulars of the Provocations they gave the House of Commons; but they were committed for pleading, upon the Returns of the Writs of Habeas Corpus, in behalf of the Prisoners committed by the House of Commons; which the Commons, who are the only Judges of their own Privileges, take to be a great Breach of the Privilege of their House.

To the last Resolution your Managers insisted, That no Writ of Error lies in that Case: And that there may he Cases, wherein no Writ of Error lies, was their lordships Opinion in the Case of the late Bishop of David's, w ho JJ brought

4 Ann. 130 Marlii. 571

brought his Writ of Error, uport the Court's not granting by that Means, they can extort Writs of Error, where Conference him a Prohibition. they never were heard of, the Commons must commit Wltl k>rds»

The Case of Sir Thomas Armstrong, mentioned by the Persons employed in all such Innovations, or else they their Lordships, was particular, in that the Commons must lose, by such Contrivances, all that they have. _ pus and Writ then apprehended, he was entitled to a Writ of Error, In the Case of Hollis, Sir Elliott, 8$c. in of Error in

within the Meaning of the Statute of Edward the 6th. 1667, the Commons declared the Judgment, given in 5 £ shury YourManagers further urged the Novelty of the Action Car. i"‘, to be an illegal Judgment, and against the Prr-in the Case of Ashby and White, of which no Footsteps vilege of Parliament; and this they did of themselves, can be found in any Book of the Law, or in any Record, before they acquainted the Lords therewith, although we have faithful Reports of all memorable Afterwards, because it concerned the Lords, as well as Cases for Four hundred Years past, and the Occasion of the Commons, they imparted their Resolutions to the such an Action must frequently have happened. Lords, who concurred with the Commons; and the Writ

The Lords themselves, when they had no Design upon of Error, which was afterwards brought at the Desire and the Privileges of the Commons, were of Opinion, in the Instance of the Lords, and not at all by the Desire of the Case of Sir Samuel Barnadiston, in the First Year of King Commons, they rested upon their own Resolution, that William, that no such Action lay; and there is no one it was an illegal Judgment Vid. Cro. Car. at the End of Reason can be offered, to maintain this Action, but held the Book.

n tore strongly in the Case of Sir Samuel Barnadiston ;The Lords, byway of Reply, said further, That this as Damages, Costs, $c. And it is an absurd Distinction, is a Cause of Liberty and Property, and judicial Proceed- to say, that, in this Case, the Right of Election cannot ings, which the Commons had endeavoured to stop, come in question; because the determining the Right of That the Conference therefore asked by the Lords, the Electors doth generally determine the Right of the upon the fundamental Righto and Liberties, was pro-' Elected, and almost all controverted Elections depend per.

upon the Qualifications of the Electors. That they are the same Terras the Commons used 3

That the Commons had shewn such a Disposition to Car. when their Liberties were attacked, maintain a good Correspondence with their Lordships, That the true Method of Conference is not by way of though their Lordships, in the Case of Ashby and White, Question and Answer, but by Resolutions; which are not had, contrary to the Judgment of the Courts below, so binding, but, if the Lords are convinced by Argu-allowed the Action, upon which the Plaintiff had taken ment, they may retract them.

out Execution, and lev ied the Money, that the Commons That the Lords sure may regularly take hotice of this ' took no notice of it, and were willing to let the Matter printed Paper, when it contains such Declaration, as all fall, which might occasion any Contest in this Time of Persons are bound to takfe notice of, at the Peril of Com-p'ublic Danger; but when other Actions of the like Na- mitment

ture w ere still commenced and prosecuted, whereby all That the Right of the House of Commons to deter-Elcctions would be brought to the Determination of the mine their own Elections is not in question, or intended ' Lords, or at least, in time, so influenced, as that the to be changed; but the Two Precedents, produced to Lords would in effect chuse the Commons, and thereby support them, are very much mistaken, the Dependency [a] of the Two Houses would be destroy- That the Case of Sir Francis Goodwin is not fairly

ed, which is the great Safety of the Constitution; then stated, the Word "Order" being omitted in the Com

It concerned the Commons, who are the Representatives mons Answer, to the Lords Message, relating to the Com-of die People, to oppose what would be so fatal to our mons Proceedings in this Case; which refers to a parti-Constitution. cular Order of the House of Commons, they having be-

The bringing Writs of Habeas Coi'pus, upon the Com- fore determined that Election 1 That it is not taken notice, mitments of the Commons, and a Writ of Error there- that the Lords went with the Commons to the King, and upon before the Lords, would bring all the Privileges of were Mediators; and that, at the last, a new Writ the Commons to be determined by the Judges, and after- issued, for a new Election.

wards by the Lords, upon such Writs of Error. That in the stating the Precedent 28 Eliz. the Com-

Nay, such Writs of Error, upon every Habeas Cor mons have not taken notice, that the Election was, in that pus. would bring the Liberty of every Commoner in Case, determined by the Judges.

England to the arbitrary Disposition of the House of That the Commons did not confine their Resolution to Lords. Armstrong's Case; but it is general, and absolute, That

And if a Writ of Error cannot be denied in any Case, a Writ of Error, in Felony or Treason, is of Right, and end the Lords alone are to judge, whether the Case be not of Grace.

proper for a Writ of Error, then all the Queen's Revenue, That by the Writ of Error, brought In the late Bishop all her Prerogatives, and all the Lives and Liberties of of David's Case, upon the Denial of a Prohibition,' the People of England, will be in the Hands of the Lords; and disallowed by the Lords, it appears, when a Record for every Felon, Burglar, and Traitor, will be entitled to comes improperly before them, they are so just, as to dis-« Writ of Error before the Lords, and they will have even miss it.

Power of Life and Death. That, instead of proving the Law, the Consequences

And by Writs of Error, and Appeals, as already ex- are urged; which is not right arguing, ercised, they will have all our Properties; by such new- That the Question is, Whether the Queen is bound to invented Action they will have all our Elections; and by grant a Writ of Error ? If sh6 is, it will be hard for any such Writs of Habeas Corpus, and Writs of Error there- Body of Men to interpose with the Crown, and stop it, upon, they will have all our Privileges, Liberties, and to hinder that Fiat, which, by the Opinion of the even Lives, at their Determination; who determine by Judges, she ought to give:

Vote, with their Doors shut, and it is not certainly She is obliged to by Magna Charta: Nulli negabimus, known, who it is that hurts you. nulli deferemus, justitiam.

The Novelty of these Things, and the infinite Conse- That, whether a Writ of Error lies, or not, will after-quence of them, is the greatest Argument in Law, that wards be proper for the Judgment of this Court, as 'tis they are not of Right. of any other Court, where a Writ of Error is returnable.

The Commons are not contending for a small Thing, That the Commons are very safe, and may depend, but' for their All: the Lords will be as tender of their Privileges, as of their

Especially, since the Lords have found out a Way to own. distress the Government, by detaining the Money, given That, whatever Privileges accrue to the Commons, by the Commons, which must come last to them, because will accrue to the Lords also: If the Commitments of the Money Bills must begin with the Commons; and if, the Commons are free from the Cognizance of the Courts [al sic Orig. below; those of the Lords will be so too.

Vol. 14. That

Conference with Lords, respecting Habeas Corpus and Writs of F.rror in Aylesbury Case.

572 130 Martii. jl. 1704.

That 30 Car. the Commons maintained, that the Mea-

sure of Persons being bailable, is not from the Authority that committed, but from the Cause of Commitment.

Your Managers further observed, this Subject-matter was scarce ever in Conference before between the Lords and Commons, and will seem strange to Posterity.

That the Lords Concern for Liberty and Property can not be equal with that of the Commons; for the Lords Liberty is better fenced, and consequently their Property too, than that of the Commons.

The Lords are less interested in the Event of this Conference, than the Commons, who are the Trustees of those, who sent them, and are bound in Duty, and Interest to preserve their Liberty and Property; and having but a b iennial Duration, which is at this Time hear expiring, it's not to be imagined, they will infringe what they are intrusted with, and so much concerned to maintain, and that so notoriously, that the Lords should complain, who are much less concerned, but more to be feared, as their Designs, as well as Honours, may be hereditary.

At the First Conference Six Resolutions were delivered, as Matters of undoubted Truth and Law.

And the Proceedings of the Commons are to be tried by these Rules, though they were no Parties to the making the m.

The first is not to be excepted against; only is an Insinuation, as if the Commons had practised the contrary; which they are not conscious of.

To the Second; There are many Injuries, for which no Action at Law is allowed; as, if a Judge gives a wrong Judgment, the Redress by Writ of Error is no Satisfaction for the Damage.

So for other Acts of a Judge, or Court of Justice; as denying a W rit of Habeas , or Bail; no Action

lies, but upon the late Statute.

That their Lordships not making any Distinction between Matters and Causes, which were exempt from the Cognizance of the common Law Courts, as being solely cognizable in Parliament, and Causes, which were exempt only in respect of the Person sued being entitled to Privilege of Parliament, seems to be the Occasion of the Mistakes, their Lordships have entertained in relation to tire Proceedings of the Commons: That the House of Commons is a Court of Judicature in many Respects, and, as such, hath, as well as other Courts, Causes proper and peculiar to its Jurisdiction.

That the Law Books, and particularly the Lord Cook, speaks of Matters of Parliament, which are not to be determined by the common Law, but according to the Law and Usage of Parliament.

That all Matters, moved, or done, in Parliament, must be questioned and determined there, and not elsewhere, has been heretofore asserted by the House of Commons, as their ancient and undoubted Right, and has been allowed, both by the Judges of Law, and by their Lordships; and w'hen the Judges in the King's Bench, in the 5th Year of King Charles the First, upon an Information against Sir John Elliott, Mr. Hollis, and others, held, that Matters done in the House of Commons, if not done in a parliamentary Way, might be questioned elsewhere, that Judgment was afterwards reversed in Parliament.

That their Lordships allowed all Matters, relating to Elections, ought to be determined solely by the Commons; and though their Lordships attempted to make a Distinction between the Right of Elections, and the Right of Electors, yet their Lordships cannot find room for such a Distinction, unless they would say, the Right and Qualification of the Electors was a Matter not relating to Elections.

That by the Parliament Roll, 11 Richard II. it appears, a Petition was exhibited by Parliament, and allowed by the King, that the Liberties and Privileges of Parliament should be discussed by the Parliament, and not by any other Courts, nor by common or civil Law; and therefore, when the Judges have been asked their Opi-

nions in Matters of Parliament, they have answered that the Privileges of Parliament ought to be determined there, and not by any other; as they did in the Case of Speaker of the House of Commons, 31 II. VI.

That these Matters are not exempt from the Determination of other Courts in respect of the Persons sued, for then they might be determined there, after the Time of Privilege was expired; whereas it is evident, that such Alatters and Causes cannot be determined in any other Courts, than that of Parliament, after the Expiration of the Time of Privilege, any more than before.

That these Matters are determinable in Parliament, although the Persons prosecuted are not entitled to the Privilege of Parliament, as appears by many Instances; particularly, by that of the Mayor of Westbury, in the 8th Year of Queen Elizabeth; who, for taking four Pounds, to get a Person elected a Burgess for that Borough, was fined and imprisoned by the House of Commons, although he was not a Person entitled to the Privilege of Parliament.

That it may as well be said, that an Action is maintainable for refusing any of the Lords a Right of Precedency in Parliament; yet it cannot be imagined, the House of Peers would be content, the same should be brought in question in any of the Courts of Law, and decided by a Jury of Commoners.

But the same Arguments will hold for maintaining such an Action, to recover Damage for refusing Precedency to him, that hath Right to it, as for maintaining an Action to recover Damages for refusing to take down upon the Poll the Vote of an Elector; for it may with equal Reason be said in both Causes, that the Plaintiff hath a Right; that the Defendant refused him that Right; that such Refusal is an Injury; and, consequently, ought to be repaired in Damages.

As to the Third Resolution; The Commons are not accountable to the House of Lords, or any other Court, for what they did in that Matter.

Their Privileges being Rights peculiar to that House, what is their Privilege, and the Breach of it, is only examinable, and to be judged, by themselves.

The Courts of Westminster'-hallhave that Deference

for each others Judgment, that in Commitments for Contempt, or Misdemeanor, which are frequent every Term, another Court, though superior, will not redress the Prisoner by Habeas Coipus, or otherwise, but he must address to the Court, that committed him; much less can an inferior Court do it.

The House of Commons therefore expected the same. Deference from those Courts, which they pay each other, and also from the Lords House w hat is due to-a co-ordinate Jurisdiction; the Commons taking themselves to be superior to any Court in Westminster-hall, andnotallow'-ing any Court in this Government to be their Superior, as their Predecessors have done.

The Commons do not intend, by their Declaration, to make a new Law'; but barely declare what the Law was, and prohibit any Person to act contrary.

The Term " Declaration' is not peculiar to the Prince, but is a familiar Term in Westminster-hall.

The Commitment was not for acting contrary to the Votes of the Commons, but for acting contrary to Law, after the Law was notified to them by that Declaration, and they thereby prohibited to proceed in that Course.

To set this in a true Light: If a man sues in the Admiralty, or ecclesiastical, Court, for a Matter, properly cognizable at common Law, the Party shall not indeed be committed for commencing that Suit; but if the Defendant in such Suit obtains a Prohibition, which declares what the Law is, and gives the Plaintiff Notice, that his Suit is contrary to Law, and therefore prohibits him to proceed any further therein, if he does proceed, an Attachment will issue, to arrest him for Breach of the Prohibition, as it is said, though, in truth, it is for acting contrary to Law, after he had been admonished what the Law was.

Now there's no Difference between the Declaration complained of, and the Prohibition mentioned, but in the

Name

4 Ann. 130 MartiL 573

Name only; Both declare, what the Lawi is; both admo- meddle with that, as several other Things, they have of Conference

nish the Person offending; and both command him not late taken upon them. with Lord,

to proceed: So that there is as much Reason to complain The Commons hope, their Lordships will consider, 7[abeasincor-of a Prohibition at Law, as of the Declaration mentioned what the Constitution is, and think it not reasonable, that pusandWm in the Resolution. any Part should exceed its due Bounds; But there have of Error in

To the Fourth Resolution; If it respects the Prisoners, been great Invasions made upon it by their Lordships, Aylesbury

committed by the Commons, they apprehend, the Ap- and some Instances of that Kind have been delivered at Ca '

plication ought to be to their House. the last Conference; and it would be easy to shew, that

For the Fifth Resolution; The Commons have the same the Judicature, which of late has been assumed by the Exceptions to it, as they had to the Third Resolution: Lords, is not consistent with the Constitution.

Eor if Counsel, Attorneys, or Solicitors, are prohibited, A Writ of Error, in this Case, the Commons take to and act contrary to the Order of any Court, they are be such; and the Commons would be blameable for guilty of a Contempt of that Court, and for such Con- admitting of it, since no such Writ does lie; and the tempt may he taken into Custody. Commons have done well in advising her Majesty not to

To their Lordships last Resolution; It is very true, that grant it, since it is against Law. in the last Reign the House of Commons did so resolve The Commons find no such Writ ever brought, in the Cause of Sir Thomas Armstrong, as hath been cited; 'Tis said, their Lordships will do right to the Commons which Case was, that Sir Thomas Armstrong was indicted upon it; hut the Commons can never think it reasonable for High Treason, and afterwards fled beyond Sea, where to trust the Liberties of the People of England to their he was at the Time of the Exigent awarded against him; Lordships Pleasure; for they that have Power to do right, and afterwards, within a.Year after the Exigent awarded, have Power to do wrong; and Power is so often abused, he was brought Prisoner into England, and would have a that the Commons can never suffer the Lords to assume Writ of Error; hut it was denied him; upon which the this new Power to themselves. Were we certain, Power House of Commons made the Resolution mentioned. At could never be abused, an arbitrary, and what is called a the common Law, if a Person had been guilty of a capital, tyrannical Power, would be the best in the World; for or any other Crime, and had been in England at the time that, not being tied to any Rule, would apply the Reme-of the Indictment found against him, but was beyond Sea dies proper in all Cases: But since this is not to be ex-at the Time of the Exigent awarded, and thereupon an pect d, the Commons were in the right to stop this Writ Outlawry was had, the Person outlawed might any time of Error. They find, one thing has brought on another; afterwards have reversed that Outlawry, for that Error and therefore, for the future, shall oppose any further in Fact; the Practice whereupon was, that Persons guilty Progress of this Nature.

of Treason would fly beyond Sea, and there stay, till the It was further urged by the Lords, in Reply, that, if Witnesses against them were dead; and then return into such a Writ of Error wants a Precedent, 'tis a new Sort England, reverse their Outlaw ry, and become safe. To of Imprisonment has occasioned this, remedy which Mischief, was the Statute of Eduard the That the Consequences, urged by Gentlemen, cannot 6th made; which takes away that Error in Treason, avail.

unless the Person outlawed rendered himself to the Chief That, if the Law be so, nothing but the Legislature Justice within a Year alter the Outlawry: Within which can alter it.

Exception was the Case of Sir Thomas Armstrong, as the That 'tis said, the Lords cannot judge of the Privilege Commons apprehended; which was the Reason of the of the House of Commons. They don't say they can;

Resolution. And, in other Cases, the Practice since that There may be no Occasion: But from Precedents it ap-Resolution has been otherwise; for in the Case of Salus-pears, they have done it by Writ of Error, and at the bury, who was attainted of Felony, for counterfeiting the Desire of the Commons.

Stamps, a Writ of Error was denied him, though he peti- That not only the Lords, but all Mankind, will judge tioned for the same. But if this Resolution is aimed at of what is not their Privileges, if they claim that, whicl a Writ of Error, for denying a Habeas Corpus, or denying neither Sense, nor Reason, nor Law, will justify, to bail, or discharge, Persons, committed by the House That, if the Commons say, to bring an Action at Lav of Commons, this Resolution is very wide from the Pur- against Persons not privileged, is a Breach of Privilege pose; for whether a W rit of Error be a Writ of Right, or all Mankind will say, it is not.

a Writ of Grace, in all Cases, where a Writ of Error does That this comes upon a Petition of Five Men to th. lie; yet their Lordships Resolution cannot be carried so Lords, setting forth, they have been imprisoned by th far, as' to nqake a Writ of Error lie in the Case, w here there Commons, for bringing their Actions against the Cr is no Judgment pronounced, as there never is in the Case stables of and for suing out Writs of

of a Habeas Corpus, or in any thing relating the reunto; Corpus, and are, at least, delayed in a Writ of Error, for if an Habeas Corpus is denied, or if granted, and the The Question lies in a narrow Compass;

Persons thereupon denied to be bailed, or discharged, this Whether they have a Right to bring their Actions at is no such Judgment, hut that the same, or any other Law

Court, may grant an Habeas Corpus, and discharge, or If.so, it is Injustice to imprison them for doing it;

hail, the Person committed. a Hardship to deny them Writs of Habeas , and a

Your Managers added, the Commons hoped, it would greater, to imprison their Counsel, and Agents, for en-be no Difficulty to convince the Lords, that these Resolu- deavouring to procure them their Liberty, tions were both unreasonable and unparliamentary, and That their Right is settled by a Judgment of Law, they have not been much justified; and certainly it cannot which will ever remain, till altered by the Legislature, be parliamentary or reasonable, for the Lords to con- That a Declaration of one House, or both Houses, demn the Commons, in the Case of their own Privileges, cannot alter the Law.

when the Lords are no Judges of them: And therefore, That the Lords intend not to disturb the Commons though the Commons have now entered into this Debate in their Right of judging only as to their own Members, with their Lordships, it was never meant to subject their That the material Difference is between judging of the Proceedings to the Lords Examination, but only to satisfy Right of the Electors, and the Right of the Elected, the Lords, and all Mankind, that the Commons have And there may be Cases, as here, where the Election not done any extravagant Tiling. is not in question, and yet the Electors receive great

That a noble Lord said, they did not intend to inter- Damage in being denied their Vote, jrupt the Commons in the Determination of their That the Right of Freehold is a Man's Birthright, and Elections. cannot be taken from him, but by Law'.

The Commons are beholden to them for that; for That if any Person be injured by any Officer whatso-otherwise, when they thought fit, they might as well ever, he may by Law seek for Reparation; otherwise Vol. 14. there

v

574 15® Martii. A. 1704.

Conference there is a Right, without a Retnedy; which is no Right " Honour and Order of the House, to give Account of with Lords, at all. " aivy their Proceedings, or Doings." that will little alter

llalearTcor- Answer to this, your Managers said, the Case; since it is plain, from the Entry on the Journal,

pus and Writs This Action is of the first Impression; and'tis a good the Commons, in returning this Answer, had Regard

of Error i a Argument, no such Action lies, because none was ever chiefly to the Precedent then quoted, 27 Eliz. when the

Aylesbury brought before; and especially, because Occasions cannot Commons refused to give the Lords any Reasons (though a ' be presumed to have been wanting in every new Election the Lords desired them) for the rejecting, at the first Read-

of Members, to serve in Parliament; nay many, more ing, a Bill, the Lords had sent down to the Commons,

justifiable, than in the late Case of Ashby and White; where The Reasons for the Commons Proceedings in this Case

the Plaintiff was a Person likely to become chargeable to were prepared by themselves, which they did communi-the Parish, and therefore removed by the Order of Two cate to the Lords; but the Lords were not to add, or Justices. And this, by the way, brings in mind the printed diminish; and though some Lords were present at the Case of Ashby and White, from the Report of the Lords Commons delivering their Reasons, there is a material Committees; where 'tis given in Answer, No such Action Distinction upon the Commons Journals, of those Lords before was brought, That few had such a true English being present as Lords of the Council, and not as Lords Spirit, as that Plaintiff; though 'tis said, he was then a of the Parliament.

Coblcr, and formerly had been an Hostler; and his Breast, And the noble Lord,- who took notice of the Com-it seems, was first warmed w'itli this true English Spirit, mons Omission in the stating of this Case, and pretended w'hich was rather a Spirit of Faction. to state it fully and truly himself, omitted, that the new

And it is worthy of Observation, that in this Case the Writ was ordered to issue at the Request of Sir Fran. Costs and Charges, sustained by Ashby, or somebody for Goodwin, by his Letter; which, for the Satisfaction of him, could not be less than One hundred Pounds more the House, was read, and entered on the Journal, before than the Costs and Damages he recovered; so that it was any Question for the new Election was made.

tnfbelLvvictoria, and no Benefit, but a Loss, to him. In that of the 28th Eliz, the Commons did not at the

A noble Lord was pleased to say further, that, though last Conference omit to take Notice of the Judges Deter-he would not pretend to judge of the Commons Privileges, mination; but its justly stated, as a Matter, the Com-yet he might of what was not their Privilege. That mons, in the Examination of that Case, were informed of, Argument appears very strange; since the Commons say, but did not respect; the Commons then asserting the m-the Matter in Question is their Privilege; and if the selves to have the sole Determination in that Case.

Lords saying 'tis not, is sufficient to divest them of it, the Your Managers further urged,

same Method may divest the Commons of all the rest. Though the Commons do not submit their Privileges, The Commons are not going about to create new Privi- it may be proper to ascertain what they claim, with the leges, but continue the Possession of those, which their Reason, why they are at this Time the more concerned Predecessors ever enjoyed, and exercised, and which, they to oppose all Attempts upon them, think, neither this, nor any other future, House of Com- They do a<n ee, the Right of voting may be grounded mons can ever depart from. upon Freehold, Charter, or Prescription; and they do not

The Lords afterwards receded from the Generality of pretend to draw them from the Courts of common Law, their Second and last Resolutions. when, as such, they come there originally, immediately,

They said, the Second, so far as that every one, who and directly, in question, apprehends himself injured, has a Right to seek Redress, But it is as plain, when the Right of voting in an was general; but what followed of an Action at Law, Election is the Thing originally, immediately, and direct-was confined to the present Case. ly, in question, that is solely cognizable in the House of

So the Sixth, though it was general, was to be under- Commons, whose Determination is the standing Rule for stood in this particular Case. all Places; and if the Elections only were examinable by

As to what was said, that none but a superior Court can the Commons, and every Elector's Vote was examinable take Cognizance of what another does; it was answered, elsewhere, the Consequence of such different Determina-That when the Earl of Shaftsbury was committed by tions is fully stated, as delivered at the last Conference: the House of Lords for a Contempt, he was brought by Which common and known Difference, of coming origi-Jlabeas Cotpus to the Court of King's Bench: This was nally, or collaterally and incidentally, in question, will complained of to the House of Lords; but they passed answer the Case of the Earl of Banbury; where the Order it over, being of Opinion, a Man might seek for Liberty of the House of Lords came only incidentally in question, w here he would, upon an Indictment for Murder. Nor is here any Injury

The Lords Judicature is too sacred a Thing to be in this Case, that requires an Action, much less Damages: touched. The Elector's Vote, upon every Election, depends upon

Your Af anagers thereupon returned, they wished, their its own true Foundation, as the Elector then stands en-Lordships had said that at the Beginning; it would have titled by Freehold, Charter, or Prescription, whether he saved much Time, and shortened the Debates; for the was entitled, or was allowed, or refused, at any former Commons think their Privileges as sacred, as the Lords Election, or not.

can their Judicature. Nor is Damage always necessary to a Remedy. That,

Your Managers proceeded to say, which is specified, and gives the Right, is the most noble

That as nothing offered at this Conference, or the last, and complete Remedy; Damages being only secondary, was meant to submit, or lessen, the Privilege of the substituted by way of Recompence, where the other can-Commons, much less had any tiling in the Precedents, in not be had; as appears by many Instances in the Law. the Time of Queen Elizabeth, and Jac. I. produced at The Commons had great Reason to assert their ancient the last Conference, any Tendency that way. Right, and withstand these late and new Attempts upon

And in Answer to some Objections made to those Pre- the Constitution, which in every Step have been unprecedents, your Alanagers said. The Commons did not take cedented; viz. the Action, the Habeas Corpus, and the upon them to set forth the whole Proceedings, which are Writ of Error.

very long; but, though they had not their Books there, I he Action was never known, though the like Orca-to make out their Quotations, can depend upon what siotis have been as frequent, ns Elections; unless these they have stated, to be true. Ailesbury Men have more refined Notions of their Rights

In the Precedent of Sir Francis Goodu ithCase, cited and Privileges, than others ever had. by the Commons, there are no Omissions, that, duly As to the Habeas Corpus; the Argument is so much

considered, can make that Case less to the Advantage of stronger, as Liberty is dearer than Property, the Commons on this Occasion: For if the Word " Or- As to the Writ of Error; th ugh the Lords Resolution " der" be omitted, and taking the Answer to have been, is general, they now assert it to be of Right only in this " That they did conceive, it did not stand with the Case.

13 As

4 Ann. 130 Martii.

As the Commons at the last Conference waved the Point of a Writ of Error being of Right, or of Grace, so they do now, by way of Admission, but as it's not material in this Case.

Rut thus much may be observed, that the is not the common Case, where the Question arises and falls under the Determination of the Judges of the Law, which is of Petitions of Right, and Writs of Error, in the Courts of Westminster (as that of Sir Thomas Armstrong's was) where the Queen is Party: There it is in the room of a Suit against the Crown, and, if denied, the Party has no Remedy.

This Petition to the Queen, for a Writ of Error in Parliament, is properly a parliamentary Case, and is the same, when the Queen is Party, or not; and seems some Remnant of our ancient Constitution, where all Petitions were to the King in Parliament, or to the King, and his great Council (which was distinct from the House of Peers) and were examined by Tryers, w hether fit for the Parliament tp proceed upon, or not; and to say, that, upon such Examination, they could not be rejected, is to say, that Examination was insignificant.

And if in this Case no Writ of Error lies, it cannot then be said, that the denying of it is an Obstruction of Justice, or contrary to Magna Chart a.

That a Writ of Error lies not in any Proceeding on an Habeas Corpus, has been the uniform Opinion of former Times, as appears in a Case of the City of London, 7# Jac. reported by the Lord Chief Justice Cook, in his 8th Report; wlicre one under an Arrest, for the Penalty in a By-law, brought his Habeas C; and the Judges took it for a Ground, that no Issue or Demurrer could be joined upon the Return, nor could any Writ of Error lie upon their Award; and upon that, as a Principle, grounded their Resolution, so. 128.

And that this never came directly in question, is, because a Writ of Error in such Case w as never asked, much less had, upon a bare Commitment of any Court whatsoever; and it is hard to imagine, that there is any lawful Resort, or Appeal, for Liberty, left untried at this Day, when so many in all Times have had occasion to apply for it, especially considering the frequent Commitments of both Houses of Parliament.

That the Commons are not surprised, to find the Lords make such a Shew of submitting their Privileges to the Courts of Westminster, when it is an Order to draw all the Rights and Privileges of both Houses to their own final Determination; and much less, when they consider, how insignificant all Courts of Justice are rendered, while their Lordships exercise the last Resort in Judicature. '

The several Attempts in the way of Judicature, which have been made upon the Constitution, are so many Reasons for the Commons at last to make a Stand.

The very Form of Writs of Error in Parliament is altered in a most material Part.

It is still returnable into Parliament generally, and the Judgment is entered per curiam Parliamenli:

But where the ancient Form, which appears in s

Entries, fol.302. was, utde et advisamento Domi-

ttorum Spiritualium et Temporalium ac in

Parliamento nostro existentium, ulterius pro errore getido Jieri Jaciamus quod dejure, §c.

Of late, as appears by a Writ of Error, printed in the Lord Chief Justice Saunders' 2d Report, Jo. 228. (and agreeable to that are all the modern ones) that Word " Communitatum" is omitted.

This is only touched, for an Instance, that even the highest Records, which ought to derive to us our Laws, and Constitution, pure and intire, have been corrupted.

And to proceed to instance some modern Innovations upon our Constitution in point of Judicature;

In December, 18 Jac. I. it appears by the Lords Journal, that an Appeal to the Lords from a Court of Equity, was by them acknowledged to he as new', and unprecedented, as any of the Attempts, which occasion the present Conference.

Here the Lords interrupted your Managers, affirming, Vol. 14.

that they were restrained from entering into Debate of their Judicature of Appeals from Equity, as foreign from the Subject-matter of the last Conference. But it was answered, and insisted, by your Managers, that this was Part of the Matter offered at the last Conference.

And your Managers declared, that they had more to offer, and were ready to proceed upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference, in such Manner as they thought their Duty to the Commons of England required, if their Lordships thought fit to hear them: Whereupon the Lords did rise, and broke off the Conference.

Resolved', That the Proceedings of this House in relation to the Ailesbury Men, committed by this House for a Breach of Privilege, and the other Proceedings of this House in that Matter, are in Maintenance of the ancient and undoubted Rights and Privileges of the Commons of England.

Ordered, That all the Proceedings in relation to the Ailesbury Men, committed by this House, and the Report of the Lords Journal, and Reports of the Conferences, and of the free Conference, be printed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do appoint the printing of the said Proceedings, and Reports.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr.. Hiccocks:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords desire a present Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject-matter of the Amendments, made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Job Pechels, Elias Landes, Francis Lacroix, and others.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That the House doth agree to meet the Lords at a Conference, as the Lords do desire.

And the Messengers were called in again, and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Meers, Sir Tho. Hanmer, Sir IVm. Drake, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Sir IIu.

Mack-aonh, Mr. Pole, Mr. Gery, Mr. Etterick, Mr. Fogg, Mr. How, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr. Scobell, Mr. Porlmun, Colonel Byerley, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Graham, Mr. liarcourt, Mr. B, Mr. Chancellor of

Exchequer, Colonel Stanhope, Earl of Mr. Free-

man, Mr. Aislaby, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Harpur, Sir Joseph Tredenham,do manage the said Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference:

And being returned;

Sir Thottuis Meers reported the Conference; and that it was managed, on the Part of the Lords, by the Bishop of Salisbury; w ho acquainted them,

That the Lords agree to all the Amendments, made by the Commons to the said Bill, except to the Clause A.

And to the Clause A, they do disagree, for the Reasons following:

1. The greatest Wealth and Strength of any Nation ariseth from the Number of the Inhabitants; which all wise Governments have endeavoured to increase, by giving all possible Encouragement, Privileges, and Freedoms, to such Foreigners, who should come and settle among them.

2. The most useful and beneficial Manufactures in England were first brought in, and erected here, by those, who fled out of Flanders from the Inquisition, and the Cruelty of Duke d' Alva.

3. Many useful Trades have been improved, and many considerable Manufactures set up, by the French Protestants, who have lately left their native Country, to preserve their Liberties and Religion from the Tyranny and Persecution of the presem French King.

4. 'The greatest Encouragement, that can be given to these, and any other Strangers, to settle in England, is the allowing them all the Freedoms, Liberties, and Privileges, of Englishmen.

5. That in all Governments, ancient and modern, those Persons, which they thought fit to naturaiize, were

admitted

Conference with Lords, respecting Habeas Corpus and Writs of Error in Aylesbury Case.

Lords desire a Conference- — Pechels, &c. Nat.

57 6 i3° — 4

admitted to enjoy the same Rights and Privileges, as the Natives.

t>. That the restraining those, who are able to purchase Lands, or otherwise to entitle themselves thereunto, from giving their Consent to the Election of their Representatives in Parliament, is without Example, and contrary to the Custom of all Nations.

7. That the admitting this Clause might endanger the taking away of the Votes of all Foreigners, though naturalized, or Denizens; for, unless an Exemplification of tills Act were lodged in every Place, where an Election is to be made, the Vote of any Foreigner might be refused, under Pretence, that he was comprehended in this Act.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Punishing The ‘House resumed the adjourned Debate of Yester-Alutiay and day, upon the Amendment, made by the Lords to the Desertion. j jj intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Musters, and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters.

Uesolvecl, That the House doth agree with the Lords in the said Amendment.

Ordered, That Mr. John do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers, and Mr.

Hiccocks:

Mr. Speaker,

Conference The Lords desire a present Conference in the Painted witt. Lords — Chamber, on the Subject-matter of the last Conference Alihtia Bill. Upon qie Amendment, made by their Lordships to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising the Militia for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Five, although the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to meet the Lords at a Conference, as the Lords do desire.

And the Messengers were called in again, and Mr. Speaker acquainted them, therewith.

Ordered, That the Managers, who managed the former Conference upon the said Amendment, do manage this Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference:

And being returned;

Sir William Drake reported the Conference; and that it was managed, on the Part of the Lords, by the Earl of Scarborough; who acquainted them, that the Lords do insist on their Amendment to the said Bill, for the Reason following;

Because the Clause is too general; and that neither Persons, nor Sums, being named, nor any certain Method of accounting being set down, this may occasion much 'Trouble even to Persons unconcerned, and may be managed with much Partiality.

Which Report was read at the Table.

Resolved, That this House doth not insist upon their disagreeing with the Lords in the said Amendment.

on 9

Ordered, That Sir Nathanael do carry the Eill

to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House doth not insist upon their disagreeing with the Lords in the said Amendment.

Mr. Speaker Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, that he had this acquaints the Morning received a Letter from Mr. Michael Miles, I/wh °'e touching whom a Report was made Yesterday from ceWetfa7 the Committee, touching Pitkin. Which Letter

Letter. he read to the House.

Committee . Ordered, That all Committees he revived.

Growth of Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the 1'opery. whole House, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords,

- intituled, An Act for the further preventing the Growth ot Popery, was committed, be made, To-uiorrow Morn ing, the first Business.

9 Martiu A. 1704.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Rankmptr. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to prevent Frauds, frequently committed by Bankrupts.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 14° die;

4 Annae Regince.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That what stands upon the Journal Proceeding of this House of King James the First, in the Case in Journal between Sir Francis Goodwin and Sir John Fortescue, be iert‘ printed; and that Mr. Speaker do appoint the printing Goodwini&e. thereof. to be printed.

Sir Thomas Meercs(according to Order) reported from Growth of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ingrossed Popery. Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the further preventing the Growth of Popery, was committed, the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: where the same were once read throughout, and are, as follow:

Pr. 2. L. 13. Leave out " First," and insert " 29th and leave out " May," and insert " September," instead thereof.

L. 15. Leave out " First," and insert " 29th;" and leave out " May," and insert " September, 1705," instead thereof.

L. 30. and 31. Leave out " First," and insert " 29th and leave out " May," and insert " Septemher, 1705," instead thereof.

L. last. After " aforesaid" leave out " shall."

Pr. 4. L. 27. Leave out " Kindred of," and insert " of Kin to"' instead thereof.

L. 36. Leave out from " same" to " And " whereas," in Pr. 5. L. 25. " That, notwithstanding " any thing herein contained to the contrary, it shall and " may be lawful for the Wife of any Person, educated in the Popish Religion, or professing the same, who, by " virtue of this Act, or any former Law, is or shall be " disabled or incapacitated to inherit, take, have, hold,

" or enjoy, any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,

" to enter upon Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,

" bond jide settled on her in Jointure upon her before " Marriage, and to have, hold, and enjoy, the same, to " her own separate Use, during such Coverture, as if " she was sole, and unmarried: And if such Wife had not " any Jointure settled upon her before Marriage, but had " a Jointure settled upon her after Marriage, or might be " entitled to Dower, it shall and may be lawful for such " Wife to have, hold, and enjoy, to her own separate " Use, during the said Coverture, so much of the said " Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, as if she had " survived her Husband, she might have been by Law " endowed with; which Part, Share, and Proportion,

" shall be allotted to her by Commission out of the high " Court of Chancery, which the said Court is hereby " authorized and impowered to do. Provided also, that " this Act, nor any thing herein contained, shall prejudice " any Right, Title, or interest, the Wife of any Person,

" educated in the Popish Religion, or professing the " same, hath, or shall have, to any Lands, Tenements,

" and Hereditaments, as Jointure, Dower, or otherwise and add Clauses A, B, C, D, E, F, G, II.

Clause A. " Provided, and lie it further enacted by " the Authority aforesaid, That if the now Duke of NorJo Ike shall not quality himself, as by this Act is directed,

" the Lady Hmcard,his Mother, shall, and may, out of " t.ie first Rents, Issues, and Profits, which shall accrue, and grow due, in the Time, that such Protestant

" Kindred,

4 Ann. 140 Martii.

577

" Kindred, who shall be eft tided by this Act to the Ppssession of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, " of the said Duke, have and receive all such Moneys, " as the said Lady Howard hath bond side paid, in Discharge or Satisfaction of the Funeral Expences, and " Debts, of the late Duke of NorfoUce; any thing herein " contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding."

Clause B. " Provided always, and be it enacted, That " such Protestant Kindred, as shall be entitled, by virtue " of this Act, to the Estate of the now Duke of " in case he shall be disabled, by his not complying " with the Conditions in this Act, to hold the same, " shall be liable to pay, and shall pay, out of the Rents " and Profits of the said Estate, to such of the Creditors, " and Servants, of Henry the last Duke of " deceased, to whom the said last Duke was indebted by " simple Contract, all such Moneys, as are due ana " owing to them, in such Proportion, as the Lady " Howard, Mother of the present Duke, by Notes

" under her Hand before the First Day of October, " One thousand Seven hundred and Four, did declare " should be paid."

Clause C. " Provided also, That if the now Duke of Norfolke shall not qualify himself, as by the abovecited, or this Act, is directed, the Lady Elizabeth " Russell, Daughter of Henry Earl 06 Arundell, de-

" ceased, great Grandfather of the stud now Duke of " Norfolke,shall and may have and enjoy the yearly

" Sum of Three hundred Pounds, payable to her, " during her Life, in such Manner, as in and by an Act of Parliament, made in the First Year of the Reign " of the late King William and Queen Mary, the same " is ordained and directed to be paid to her; anything u in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding."

Clause D. " Provided also, and be. it enacted, That " Esme Howard, Esquire, great Uncle of the now Duke " of Norfolke, shall and may have and enjoy, during hid a natural Life, such yearly Payment of Two hundred uPounds, in such Manner and Proportion, as he hath " been paid the same out of the Yorkshire Estate of the " last and now Duke, for several Years last past; any " thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding." Clause E. " Provided always, and be it enacted by the " Authority aforesaid, That if the now Duke of Norfolke 11 shall not qualify himself, according to this Act, or the " forementioned Act of Parliament, that then, and in " such Case, nothing in this Act contained shall extend to, " prejudice the Right of Charles Esquire, his

" Executors and Assigns, to the several yearly Payments " of One hundred Pounds, and One hundred Pounds, the " one of which he claims to be payable, during his and his " younger Sister's Life, and the other, during his own Life, granted and secured by the last Duke of Norfolke, " and others, by a Term of Ninety-nine Years, of the Manors, or reputed Manors, of Hansworth,

" fetid, and Ecclesfeild, and other Lands in the County of York, by Indenture, dated the 13th Day of December, One thousand Six hundred Ninety-eight, as " by the said Indenture doth and may appear."

Clause F. " And. be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Debts and Obligations, which " any Person or Persons shall be liable to, or bond side " owe, at the Time, when he, or she, shall lose the " Possession of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, by reason of any Disability in this, or the beforerecited Act, whereby he, or she, so disabled, may become insolvent, shall be recoverable, and be paid and " satisfied, out of the first Rents, Issues, arid Profits, " arising from such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so lost by the disabled Person, as aforesaid, " after Debts of a higher Nature are satisfied."

Clause G. " And be it further enacted by the Author ft rity aforesaid, That no Person or Persons whatsoever " shall lie undefr any Disability, by this or the forementioned Act, save only for and during such Time, as " he, she, or they, shall continue to profess the Romish Vol. 14.

" Religion; and that whenever such Person or Persons, Growth of " so disabled, shall qualify him or herself, by taking such " Oaths, and signing such Declarations, as are hereby " directed, that then such Person or Persons, being so " qualified, shall stand and be in the same Condition, as " if they never had. been disabled; nevertheless, the " Protestant Heir shall not be accountable for the mesne " Profits, but from the Time, that the disabled Person " did qualify him or herself."

Clause H. " Provided always, and be it enacted by " the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Person " and Persons, who, by virtue of this Act, shall be obliged to take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy,

" and subscribe the Declaration abovementioned, shall at " the same time declare himself to be a Member of the " Church of England, as now by Law established; such " Declaration to be entered upon the same Roll, where " the said Oaths, and other Declaration, so to be taken,

" and subscribed, as aforesaid, shall be entered: And in " case any such Person or Persons shall, after his or their " taking such Oaths, and making such Declaration, as " aforesaid, knowingly or wilfully resort to, or be present at, any Conventicle, Assembly, or Meeting, under " Colour or Pretence of any Exercise of Religion, in " other Manner than according to the Liturgy and " Practice of the Church of England, in any Place within " the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or " Town of Benoick upon Tweed, shall forfeit the Sum " of One hundred Pounds for every Time he shall be " present at such Assembly, Conventicle, or Meeting;

" to be recovered by him or them, that shall sue for the " same, by any Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of her Majesty's Courts at " wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law',

" shall be allowed, or any more than one Imparlance."

Then several of the said Amendments, being read a Second time, one by one, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to Clause H.

Clause H, being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Amendment;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth.

Teller, for the Yeas,£ Tred: }«

Teller for } 44.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, being a Saving to the Queen's most excellent Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, and to all and every Person and Persons, and Bodies Politick and Corporate, their respective Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, all such Estates, Rights, Titles, Rents-charge, and other Rents, Mortgages, yearly Payments, Leases, Inter-, ests, Claims, and Demands whatsoever, in Law or Equity, which they, or any of them, have, shall, or may, or ought to have, of, m, to, or out of, any the said Lauds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any of them, which shall be forfeited, lost, or diverted, by reason of this Act, other than the Person and Persons, or any in Trust for him, her, or them, who shall not qualify him, her, or themselves, as by this Act is directed.

And the same was twice read, and agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Pr. 3. L. # to leave out " shall."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The House (according to Order) proceeded to take Pechel,

into Consideration the Report from the Conference Yester- Nat.

day, upon the Subject-matter of the Amendments, made to the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Jacob Pechels, Elias Landes, Francis Lacroix, and others.

And tire said Report was read.

7 G And

V

Supply Bill; Subsidy on Wines.

Pechal's, &c. Nat.

14° Martii. A. 1704.

And also the Amendment, made by this House, to which the Lords had disagreed, being read;

Resolved, That this House doth insist upon the said Amendment.

Ordered, That the Members, who managed the last Conference upon the Subject-matter of the said Amendment, do immediately withdraw into the Speaker's Chamber, and draw up Reasons, to be offered to the Lords at a Conference, for insisting upon the said Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Hiccocks:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to her Majesty a further Subsidy on Wines, and Merchandize imported, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Freeman reported, that the Members, appointed to withdraw, and draw up Reasons, to be offered at a Conference with the Lords, for insisting upon the Amendment, made by this House to the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, iptituled, An Act for naturalizing Jacob Rechels, Elias Landes, Francis Lacroix, and others, to which the Lords have disagreed, had drawn up Reasons accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time Paragragh by Paragraph, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, and are, as follow:

That the Commons do insist upon their Amendment, for the following Reasons:

For that the other Advantages, given by this Bill, are a sufficient Encouragement for Foreigners to settle in this Kingdom, especially such, as have fled from so great a Tyranny and Persecution, as that of the present French King. '

For that, though Wealth and Strength may arise to a Nation from the Number of Inhabitants, yet it may prove dangerous to admit Foreigners into a Privilege, so important to the Being of our Constitution, who cannot be acquainted with, or bear a natural Affection, to it.

For that the Distinction, made by this Clause, is warranted by the Policy of other wise Nations; the Romans having often admitted Strangers to the Jus to

whom they did not think fit to allow the Jus

For that the admitting this Clause cannot take away the Votes of other Foreigners, who are entitled thereto; for though they should be unjustly refused by the Officer, at the Election, they will have their Votes allowed by the House of Commons.

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Subject-matter of the Amendment, made to the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled,

An Act for naturalizing Jacob Pechels, Elias Landes,

Francis Lacroix, and others, to which their Lordships have disagreed.

Ordered, That Mr. Freeman do go to the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

Mr. Freeman reported, that he having (according to Order) b$en at the Lords, to desire the said Conference, the Lords do return an Answer, that they will send an Answer by Messengers of their own.

The several Clauses, added as Amendments to the in- Growth of grossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Popery, further preventing the Growth of Popery, being ingrossed;

And a Motion being made, That the Bill be read the Third time;

As the Question was putting in the House, for the Third reading the Bill;

A Message was brought from her Majesty by Mr. Message to Aston, Deputy Gentleman-usher of the Black Rod: attend tba

Mr. Speaker, Queen.

The Queen commands this honourable House to attend her Majesty in the House of Peers, immediately.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend her Majesty; w here her Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to several publick and private Bills:

And afterwards to make a most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament.

After which, the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal (by Parliament her Majesty's Command) prorogued the Parliament until prorogued, the First Day of May next.

[INDEX removed.]

